===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings' earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2025. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings' first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations based upon information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-Ks and 10-Q, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby, President Brett Hart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team online available for the Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter of 2025 was sure that it's clear a softer macroeconomic environment is driving both volatility in the market and softer demand for travel. But for United specifically, two big picture themes have been confirmed. First, United's performance is strong even in this weak environment because we've won the battle for brand loyal customers. Second, because we've won those brand loyal customers, our earnings and financial metrics are demonstrating resilience that United's never had before. The strains on the macro economy have impacted demand, but even in that strained environment, United just had the highest first quarter pretax margins since COVID began. We expect to be one of only two airlines that are profitable in the first quarter. And our resilience is further demonstrated by the fact that if the environment remains relatively weaker but stable, we can stay within our full-year guidance range. However, we read the same headlines as you, so we think that there's a reasonable chance that bookings could weaken from here. But even if we're in that recessionary environment, we still expect to earn $7 to $9 per share for the full year 2025. When I say that there's been a structural, permanent, and irreversible change, what I mean is that United has won brand loyal customers, and they are sticky lifelong customers. We are now the brand loyal leader by a wide margin in six of our seven hubs and tied with one other airline in Los Angeles. And most folks around the country were the leader or one of the leaders of brand loyal customers. Andrew will share some facts on customers that live in the Bay Area, Denver, and Chicago in his remarks. But it is those gains that are allowing us to be resilient even in this weaker economic environment. To be clear, even though those customers are sticky and we believe those market share gains are permanent, we are capitalizing on our momentum and doing more to attract even more brand loyal customers. Building huge new clubs in Houston and San Francisco, about to open an additional new club in Denver. Installing the fastest Wi-Fi in the world on our planes with Starlink, and they'll start flying next month. We're adding new features to the most powerful travel app in the world every couple of weeks. Our operation is reliable and resilient as ever. The weakening environment doesn't have us reconsidering these investments. In fact, we're leaning into this because they're at the center of our biggest competitive advantage, winning brand loyal customers. And a huge thank you to our employees for their incredible service that makes this one possible. Periods of economic softening are part of the business cycle. So the question for you, I guess, is what should we do now that we see economic softness? Tactically, we're being very diligent about expenses and removing capacity, particularly off-peak utilization flying, and Andrew and Mike will talk about those in a few minutes. And, strategically, our priority is pretty simple and it hasn't changed. Win the brand loyal customers because that gives us the best margins in good times and that lead can grow even larger during lean times. The reason is that for any given customer living in any given city, if you're not the brand loyal airline, you're the spill airline. The only way a spill airline gets passengers is through lower prices. When times are good, that strategy can work okay. But when times get tougher, the brand loyal airline like United has more seats to sell, which we do sell at lower prices. But that disproportionately impacts all the spill carriers that we compete with. Some of the recent guidance updates from other airlines are a stark reminder of this point. For some historical perspective, Southwest historically was the airline with the highest percentage of brand loyal customers. For most of its history, Southwest focused on smaller secondary cities where they had by far the best schedule for customers. They also had a huge customer advantage as the only airline that didn't have change fees or bag fees. That meant that a high percentage of their customers were brand loyal to Southwest. At its core, that's why Southwest historically was the highest margin airline in good times, and why they always outperformed by an even wider margin when times got tough. But as they've moved into big high-cost hubs of other airlines, both of those advantages are gone. And now United and one other airline are the brand's loyal customer leaders. It's always dangerous to say that it's different this time. And in fact, we're saying exactly the opposite. It's going to be exactly the same this time. History is just repeating. The only thing that changed is that United is now one of the two brands leading brand loyal airlines. To conclude, UnitedNext is the right strategy. It's been well executed by our people, and it's producing strong resilient results in good times and even more impressively in tough times. United has never been in a stronger competitive position. Customers are benefiting, our employees are benefiting, and our shareholders will also benefit from the value that's being created. Brett, over to you.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. Despite a challenging macro environment, 2025 is off to a solid start. We operate in a dynamic and evolving landscape. Global trade policies, including tariffs, are shaping that landscape, and as Scott mentioned, broader economic uncertainties remain top of mind. We are closely monitoring the potential impact on the prices we would pay for aircraft. As a reminder, Boeing accounts for the majority of our future total order book, and most of our Airbus A321neos are produced in Alabama. As such, we don't currently anticipate a meaningful direct impact from tariffs relating to aircraft purchases. Turning to our performance this quarter, we are seeing the results of our continued investments in operational excellence, and we are delivering an exceptional customer experience. These achievements are a testament to the commitment and excellence of our employees. None of it would be possible without you. Thank you. In Q1, not only did we serve more customers than ever in the first quarter for United, but we also finished number one in on-time departures among our US large peers when including customers who were helped with ConnectionSaver. We achieved our highest NPS scores and our best on-time arrival score since the pandemic, as well as the second lowest first quarter seat cancellation rate in company history. We accomplished all of this with safety at the forefront. United is committed to getting every customer to their destination safely and on time. We continue to invest in enhanced pilot training and safety technology, making it easier for our employees to report safety concerns. Our United team is engaged across the industry and with government to ensure the safety of our aviation system. In the first quarter, we reached two major milestones on the accelerated rollout of Starlink technology across our fleet, completing our first Starlink installation on a United Express aircraft, and securing FAA certification to begin operations on the Embraer 175 fleet. We're on track for our first Starlink-enabled regional flight later this spring, with our entire two-cabin regional fleet expected to be retrofitted by year-end. We continue to expect the first mainline aircraft with Starlink to take flight before the end of 2025. We believe Starlink will revolutionize the in-flight experience for our customers, and United is leading the way for the future of Wi-Fi for the airline industry. With that, I will hand it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. United's top line Q1 revenue increased 5.4% to a company record $13.2 billion. TRASM for the quarter was up 0.5%. We've been hard at work adjusting how we fly in the historically weaker Q1 period, and our efforts paid off with a material year-over-year improvement in our margin. Demand trends did turn down as we exited January, resulting in lower revenue production than we had originally forecasted for Q1. Domestic main cabin RASMs were down 5% year-over-year and represent the bulk of the gap between our Q1 revenue expectations and actual results. As we would expect in times of economic weakness, we saw the weakness magnified on off-peak flights. For example, the revenue gap on domestic flights departing prior to 7 AM or after 8 PM outside of the golden hours is usually 30% lower, but in Q1, that gap expanded to 40% lower. So that's why we are canceling more off-peak flying and lower utilization going forward. The weakness in the main cabin was somewhat offset by premium performance. Overall premium cabin unit revenues were up mid-single digits in Q1. International Polaris RASMs were up 8% and international premium plus RASMs were up over 5%. Domestic premium seat RASMs were flat. Our long-term strategies to build premium capacity and customer choice were very helpful given main cabin demand trends in Q1. Business traffic trends we saw late in Q4 and early 2025 moderated later in the quarter. Loan business revenue grew 7% in Q1, year-over-year versus 15% in Q4. Contracted business sales for all future travel are currently up low single digits year-over-year, which has moderated from the up double digits at the start of the year. Loyalty revenue remained strong and grew 9% to $1.5 billion in the quarter. Co-brand spend was also strong, up 9%. Co-brand spending growth in early April remains consistent with March performance. Q2 customer demand is not what we were planning just a few months ago, but we continue to expect our top line revenue growth for Q2 to be positive. We have adjusted RM strategies going forward to accommodate more lower-yielding passengers, a necessary reaction to the current environment. The effect of these RM changes is that we will spill less traffic to our competitors, but we will run with lower yields. Since making this RM change about six weeks ago, bookings have stabilized, and we are currently booked ahead of last year at this same point in time by one point. We at United have a high number of brand loyal customers, and our focus on our seven hubs puts us in a position where we are not a spill carrier. We determine how much traffic we spill to other carriers based on the amount of capacity we offer and the yield we're willing to accept. To give you a few examples, in Chicago during Q4 2024, we expanded our passenger share lead of local origin traffic to 22 points ahead of our next largest competitor. In 2019, that lead was only six points, and in 2015, we actually had a negative gap. From Denver, we've increased our gap ahead of our largest competitor in that market to ten points for Denver-based passengers. United also gained 2.1 points in market share in late 2024 in the Bay Area. United will operate our narrow-body aircraft with 2% less utilization in the coming quarters, effectively lowering our domestic capacity by two points. In the last few weeks, we have reduced domestic capacity for the summer in our sell-in schedule by three points, with one more point to be removed shortly. Among our primary competitors, we operate the highest percentage of our domestic departures in the golden hours between 7 AM and 8 PM. We usually have the lowest overall aircraft utilization. And lower utilization is usually considered a negative in our industry, but for United, it has been one key to our relative success. Quarter domestic schedules are still being developed, and we will look to see if more significant changes are needed. The international environment is also strong for United, and we believe it looks good for Q2 as of now. The makeup of our international traffic skews heavily towards US point of origin business. While most of our international travel demand is US-based, we are seeing modest declines in non-US origin passenger volumes. For the second quarter, international passengers originated in Europe are currently booked 6% lower than last year. Canadian origin passenger volumes are slightly worse, down 9% year-over-year. For United, US origin demand has more than compensated for these reductions. As we think about the impact potential recessions could have on business traffic, it is important to note that relative to pre-pandemic, our revenue makeup is less reliant on this revenue source. Business revenue now makes up eight points less of our passenger revenue and contributes 4.4 points less to our load factor. So far, we've seen no deterioration in high-end consumers' willingness to purchase a premium experience. We attribute this to the fact that the economic uncertainty has a larger impact on more budget-minded discretionary travelers than those seeking a premium experience. Q2 booked premium PRASMs to date have remained solidly positive for international flights and flattish for domestic flights. United has had a consistent strategy for the last nine years to win brand loyal customers, and that has been happening. This is important for investors who want confidence that United's margin outperformance really can be structural, permanent, and irreversible. With that, I want to say thanks to the entire United team, and I'll hand it off to Mike to talk about our financial results.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. For the first quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $0.91, ahead of expectations and within our guidance. Our pre-tax margin was 3.3%, up 3.6 points year-over-year, and the strongest first quarter we've had in the last five years. We expect these results to lead the industry and further demonstrate the success of our United Next plan. As Andrew just described, at the start of February, we saw a steep drop in US government and government-adjacent travel. We guide, however, with a no excuses philosophy. So seeing the pressure on revenue, we doubled down on managing costs to ensure we would deliver within the first quarter EPS guidance range. Those efforts, along with favorable timing of a few maintenance events, led to a first quarter CASM X result of up only 0.3% year-over-year. These actions, combined with lower fuel costs, enabled us to deliver on our guidance. I'm proud of the team for their hard work in making sure we delivered on our first quarter financial commitments. Looking to the second quarter, we expect earnings per share to be between $3.25 and $4.25. We are acutely focused on booking trends and the potential impact of tariffs. And we are closely monitoring the situation. And it is a risk. But today, our bookings have stabilized. Looking out to the third quarter and beyond, we've already taken action to pull down our less profitable flying, including Redeye flying, capacity in US government traffic-heavy routes, and transborder flying. Aided by accelerating the retirement of 21 aircraft. We were the first airline to recognize slowing demand from US government spending and to take appropriate action. We expect our domestic capacity to come down four points from our original plan starting in the third quarter. There's a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the economy right now, and we've already seen a reduction in demand and correspondingly in revenue. But we've seen stability at that lower demand level in the last six weeks. And the silver lining is we also expect a significant reduction in our fuel cost. If demand remains stable for the balance of the year, that combination of revenue decline and fuel cost reduction, along with the fact that we built a significant contingency into our initial guide, leaves me cautiously optimistic that we can still deliver full-year earnings per share within our guidance range of $11.50 to $13.50. While we've seen stability in demand for the past six weeks, we also recognize that there's a real risk of the US economy going into a recession. If we enter a recession, we are modeling an additional five-point reduction in total revenue for the remainder of the year, on average per quarter. In that scenario, we would make an additional downward adjustment to capacity, and we have not assumed any further relief in fuel price, even though that might happen. Even in that world, we expect a full-year earnings per share to be between $7 and $9. While that is not what our expectations were at the start of the year, that scenario would be the first time United would have remained solidly profitable through a recession. We believe it would justify significant multiple expansion as we will have proven our financial resiliency, our greatly improved competitive position, and the durability of a decommoditized business powered by brand loyal customers. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with $18.3 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. We generated over $2 billion of free cash flow and paid down $1 billion of debt. In fact, over the last twelve months, we've generated over $5 billion in free cash flow, representing approximately 130% of our net income. At our current equity valuation, that represents an over 20% free cash flow yield. Our net leverage was reduced to 2.0 times from 2.2 times at the end of 2024, marking continued progress as we work towards our long-term net leverage target of less than two times. Recognizing our progress, Fitch upgraded United to BBB with a positive outlook, with a change to a positive outlook from Moody's as well. On the buyback, as of April 10th, we've repurchased approximately 5.6 million shares in 2025 at an average price of $80. History has taught us that even industry leaders are prone to steep market overcorrections in times like this, and we built our buyback strategy around being opportunistic. We believe this is precisely the right time to repurchase our shares at our current depressed valuation, with approximately $1 billion left in authorization. Regardless of the economic path ahead, we expect our financial results to be resilient. We believe that the long-term earnings power of our company hasn't changed, and frankly, it's possible that some of the weaker airlines may be forced to curtail money-losing capacity sooner than they otherwise might have. Therefore, our view of the intrinsic value of our shares also hasn't changed. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, we believe our multiples should expand as we prove that our business is stronger and more resilient even in a time of economic stress. For as long as our share price remains depressed, we plan to continue to utilize a meaningful portion of free cash flow to repurchase shares at what we believe are discounted prices. As I've mentioned the last several quarters, free cash flow generation remains a top priority. While demand has softened, we continue to expect to generate full-year free cash flow approaching $3 billion in a base case and positive free cash flow even in a downside recession scenario. To close, United's competitive position in the industry is only strengthening. We're focused on leaning into our network strengths, continuing to win brand loyal customers, and delivering on our financial commitments. Now back to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Sarah, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. Please hold for a moment while we assemble our queue. Your first question comes from Jamie Baker of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jamie Baker: Oh, hey. Good morning, everybody. So first one probably for Scott or Mike. Presumably, this past January, you had an internal forecast for 2026 earnings. If we embrace something closer to the recessionary scenario that you just laid out, would your 2026 forecast be higher, lower, or the same today?
Scott Kirby: Hey, Jamie. Thanks for that question. I think it's insightful and maybe the most important question we talked about today. So thank you. We can end the call after my question. Yeah. There you go. Going for doughnut. I'm gonna slightly modify your timing from 2026 to say, the twelve months once we're sorted to a normalized back to growth economy. I happen to think that'll be for 2026. But it sort of depends on the macro environment. But in the twelve months, we're back to a normal macro economy. The short answer is yes. Our margins would be higher. And I would go but I would go back to what we've been telling you really for the last five years. And it started with one, we were going to decommoditize and build United into a brand loyal airline. That's been a part of the UnitedX strategy. It's been a part of the entire strategy coming out of COVID. Second was cost convergence. Was going to be a fundamental structural change for the industry. Third is revenue diversity. You know, we see that, you know, we talked about international today, but we haven't talked about loyalty yet. But loyalty is strong, like, across the board. That's been another structural change. Part of this too is also part of the revenue diversity has been solving finally solving the puzzle on the price-sensitive travel, and we have done that with, basically, economy engage. And so all the things that we've talked about for the last five years left you as on the last call talking about comparative advantage. And saying that we thought the world was going to the airline world is gonna evolve to a place where airlines flew primarily in places where they had competitive advantages and you know, the kind of capacity wars that have happened in the past would become a thing of the past, because all of the trends we talked about just had separated the gap between the brand loyal airlines and everyone else. And so what this stressful environment is gonna do is it is going to accelerate what was going to happen anyway. Of airlines focusing in markets where they have comparative advantage. And that means that looking forward, there's going to be less unprofitable flying in the industry, which means less total flying. Than what's gonna happen and that is just going to happen sooner. That means that I am confident that United Airlines is going to have higher margins. Than we would have and this taken longer to occur. And in fact, I will go one step further and say, that when we get to the twelve months, sort of post this economic period, not only are we gonna have higher margins I've believed they will be solidly double-digit margins.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, you know, Mike, I know you touched on this in your prepared remarks, but, you know, your premium high-margin competitor refuses to buy back stock until they meet their leverage targets. You were obviously pretty active last quarter or, you know, through April 10th. You know, I'd love to believe it's because you like our down thirty and thirty analysis, but in all seriousness, you know, our question on this topic is why? Is it simply a function of, you know, cash lying around, burning a hole in your pocket, giving the delivery delays? I guess what Mark Streeter and I are trying to reconcile is your own goal to de-risk the balance sheet and achieve IG ratings, again, some pretty material repurchases through April 10th. Any additional color?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Jamie. I love the question. Look. When we think about buybacks versus deleveraging, we are trying to optimize our overall cost of capital. And, therefore, as our stock price declines, and the gap between our market price and our view of intrinsic value of the shares widens, it is more opportunistic to buy back shares. And so that's what you have seen. You've seen an acceleration of the buyback as the share price was lower. Now we are very, very around making sure we have guardrails around that, and we need to continue to deleverage. I'm very prominent about talking about getting our leverage our net leverage below two times. It's very important to us to continue to march towards investment grade. It is very important to us that the buyback is funded by free cash flow. And that we do not drift into a debt-funded buyback. So all with all of those constraints, we feel confident about the future and are excited about, frankly, an opportunity to purchase shares at these low prices.
Jamie Baker: Scott and Mike, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Andrew Didora: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Mike, you know, you mentioned the cost performance in your prepared remarks, really impressive here in 1Q. You know, I would imagine it's hard to do much better than that going forward. Is that the right way to think about it? And can you maybe speak to additional cost levers you have if the revenue environment starts to move towards your recession scenario?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew, for the question. We're very proud of our cost performance in the first quarter. But before I talk about the first quarter, let me talk about our focus on building a cost-effective culture here at United. We are being intentional about spending in areas that improve the customer experience, but we also know that there are a lot of areas to be more efficient as an airline. These opportunities are wide-ranging, including, for example, improving our procurement organization and taking advantage of technology and data. And we've always said that running a reliable operation is the best path to a low-cost operation. Most importantly, running a reliable operation is the best way to we can win brand loyal customers. So we feel great about it. I do think we've had some costs that we don't think. We've had some maintenance costs that drifted from 1Q into 2Q. And so I'd expect 1Q CASM x to be the best performance of the year. But as we sit here, I expect meaningfully better CASM x for the full year than I would have thought just in January. So we're gonna continue to work hard to find more areas for efficiency. But we made a lot of progress in the first quarter.
Andrew Didora: Got it. Understood. And then just my second question. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the four on the five points of lower revenue production in a recessionary scenario. Guess, why is that the right number to anchor to? And I guess, what's embedded from an industry perspective to get to the seven to nine dollars in EPS? Thank you.
Mike Leskinen: It's a great question. And I'll maybe Andrew will wanna jump on at the end. But from a high level, what you've seen from what we expected in January to what we expect in the base case now you've seen an about five-point reduction in revenue. From what we thought just a few months ago. And then the recession scenario would be an additional five-point reduction. Starting whenever we enter into that reception. So sometime in the third quarter, most likely. So if you add those together, which would be the appropriate way to think about it, it would be a ten-point reduction from the run rate we would have expected. Now how long we persist at that low level, you're gonna have to make your own assumptions around. And listen. We're not we don't have a crystal ball on how deep a recession might be. But that's our expectation of what a normal recession might look like. We've given you the tools if you wanna create a different scenario than that, but that would be our expectation of a downside case, and we wanted to be assumptions.
Andrew Didora: Great. Thank you very much.
Mike Leskinen: Hey. I wanna clarify that the ten-point reduction, it kicks in in April for our recession scenario.
Operator: The next question comes from Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Your line is open.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Appreciate the details on the spill traffic comment. I wanted to kinda start there. You know, can you I just would have this just seems like a time in which you would look to stamp out all the spill traffic carriers from your hub markets in general. So I just thought that that was the whole entire point of kind of base economy in general. So can you just talk about how you can, you know, continue to move down the path of eliminating spill traffic in general? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: So we're just trying to build a great airline for United Airlines customers. That's all we're doing. And, like, truthfully, our plan hasn't changed in five years. We make tactical adjustments like we did this time to pull out utilization point. Everyone else does what they do. I think it puts a mix of pressure on them. When United gets great, the contrast between United Airlines and everyone else gets wider and more evident. But it's not us consciously trying to stand out or do anything like that. We're trying to create the best airline in history for United Airlines customers. And that creates a big gap to everyone else. It's up to them to do something else. And if they don't, then well, we'll see. But we're just trying to do a great thing for United customers.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. That's helpful. And, you're probably not like this question, but I've been getting it kind of on repeat. If you just look at the first half implied performance on EPS and then you look at what you're baking in on the second half to get to the, you know, the eleven fifty dollar range, it basically implies that you're gonna be doing better on a year-over-year perspective versus 2024. So I'm just trying to understand what's driving that improving if we're bouncing along the bottom in the current recession not recession, the current environment in general. So just what additional levers do you have that you feel more comfortable now? Maybe it's premium, maybe it's loyalty. Might have seemed to sound better on cost. Just any thoughts there in general would be helpful. Thank you.
Mike Leskinen: Yeah. Look, the first point I'd make is that the full-year guidance in the eleven fifty to thirteen fifty scenario counts on current booking trends holding steady. It accounts for the fact that we burned up all the contingency that we put into that full-year guide. It assumes we have continued excellent cost management, but we don't uncover anything new. And it assumes that second-half fuel is about twenty cents lower than first-half fuel. And then finally, it accounts for some profit-maximizing capacity cuts. And so that's how we're thinking about getting to the full-year guide of eleven fifty to thirteen fifty. And then we've been very clear about the downside case as well. I think that answers your question. If it doesn't, maybe clarify, I'll keep going.
Conor Cunningham: No. You're good. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: And by the way, that's not that was a totally fair question. We've asked ourselves that question. And Well, Jamie asked all the good ones. Yeah. But the point is I mean, I think the bigger point is, we build we typically build a lot of contingency into guides. And our eleven fifty to thirteen fifty doesn't really have contingency left. Our quarterly guide still does. And I'll just make a bigger point on this, which is a cultural point. We expected more questions about doing two guides since no one's ever done that. We haven't really gotten them, but I told our whole team and I'll tell our investors as well. Part of that is also when you run an when you run the company with a no excuses philosophy, which is what we have. We are gonna do everything possible no matter what happens to get to our numbers. And it is true that the environment has gotten a lot harder, and achieving our full year we still have, you know but we didn't think we had a real shot at getting it. We wouldn't say it. But we do have a real shot. Bookings need to stabilize. We gotta work hard. We gotta do everything right to get there now. But we still have a real shot. And you know, the most sure way to lose is to throw in the towel. And at United Airlines, we no matter what the economic environment is, we are gonna get there. And we will not miss it because we didn't try. And that's the culture and that's philosophy and our results. No matter what, we're gonna be better because we manage that way. Than if we didn't.
Mike Leskinen: Yeah. I wanna emphasize one point Scott made, make sure it's clear to everyone. The full-year guide no longer has a contingency in it. We've burned that. But the second-quarter guide with a dollar range, we normally have a fifty-cent range. We do have contingency in that figure. And so look, as we enter as we end the as we move towards the end of the second quarter, we're coming in towards the high end of that. I feel better about the eleven fifty to thirteen fifteen. If we're coming near the low end of that range, I feel like we're marching towards a recession scenario.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking the question. So, Scott, you know, this is a relatively unique sort of time for the industry and that, you know, you and your other sort of brand loyal airline are working with a pretty significant margin advantage. Relative to some of the lower cost and spill airlines that are out there. How do you think about balancing the use of that margin advantage? Are you thinking about using that margin to take share right now, or are you thinking about trying to protect that margin? When you're trying to build a better United Airlines, how do you think about that tension between having an opportunity to maybe take even more share in a more market like Denver versus trying to maintain the margin?
Scott Kirby: I don't think there is a tension. And in fact, I'll go back to one point which I'm trying to make it to the beginning. But the brand loyal airline has always won. The brand loyal airline in the United States has always had the top margins. And the brand loyal airline has always outperformed in recession. All this changes who the brand loyal airlines are. And, you know, it really is back to, like, our plan hasn't changed really in any material way at all over the last five years. We have higher confidence in it. We thought we would win brand loyalty here. We thought we would start to outperform the rest of the industry. We thought that whenever the inevitable business cycle turned, we would outperform during that cycle and all that happening. So we feel good about that. But we're not doing anything specific. You know, we've had a number of markets. People ask questions about specific markets, Andrew can tell you, where we've had competitors do big changes up, some big changes down, some big changes up. And I can frankly, our capacity and our plans haven't changed at all. Those places. We're in the enviable position of we can just play the United game because we've got the brand loyal customers. We could just keep playing running our plays and it works. We don't really need to I mean, I still pay attention. I still read everyone's scripts and pay attention to what they're doing. But we don't really need to focus on what they're doing or respond to it. It doesn't have that much impact on us. We've created the leading airline for brand loyal customers, and it was the winning strategy, and we've executed it. And now we're just finishing the game.
David Vernon: And I guess as you think about that building the brand loyal customer, right, obviously, you know, segmenting the cabin, adding in things like faster speed Wi-Fi, adding in clubs. Right? It does seem like the industry as a whole is moving in that direction. How do you think about maintaining that brand loyalty leadership over a multiyear period if we're seeing, you know, some of the other airlines also kind of investing in some of the same capabilities. It's just come down to execution, or is there something further in the outlook that you're looking at in terms of trying to maintain that leadership position with brand loyal customers?
Andrew Nocella: I'll try to take that. Look. I think, you know, we are charged with continuously trying to climb higher to innovate more, and to go faster. That's definitely the culture that we have at United. And, you know, quite frankly, there's a lot of things in the hopper we haven't announced that are yet to come. But we are, again, in this enviable position where the United plan is working. Our capacity has come online at a much better rate than anybody else's. And that's a really strong foundation that allows us to continue to invest in the customer and you're gonna see more and more of that over the next eighteen months. We have a bunch of announcements that are planned. And that's gonna allow us to continue the segmentation revenue choice, customer choice path. The only other thing I'll add is the investments we've made, we've made over a really long period of time. Like, it takes years to build these clubs. It takes years to refit the aircraft with the appropriate Lopez. To invest in the Wi-Fi technology. And while it's, I guess, a bit flattering that others are trying to copy us, they are generations behind in my opinion. And will never catch us, and we will continue to run as fast or faster to ensure that doesn't happen.
David Vernon: Alright. Thanks again for the time, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Catherine O'Brien: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for the time. You've already given us a lot of detail on your full-year guide, but maybe just one more on the different levers if you'll allow it. You know, I thought it was really helpful to frame the revenue downside in the base case versus the recessionary case. But can you give us any high-level thoughts on how much, you know, single act of God buffer lower nonfuel cost, and lower fuel each helped offset, you know, revenue lower by five points than your January expectations, the base case such that you're able to keep that original EPS range?
Mike Leskinen: I'll give you directional feedback on actually fuel has been the biggest tailwind as you would expect. It's a big reason why I think fuel hedging doesn't make sense in this industry. As revenue declines almost always fuel those as well. So that was the largest. The second impact second largest impact was the work we've done on cost management. So that was a big driver. We've got plans, multiyear plans to hit some of these targets, but we definitely pulled some of that forward. Related to those cost savings, the decision to early retire twenty-one aircraft that naturally allows us to bring down maintenance expense. And so that'd be the third bucket is the decision around capacity made early enough allows us to also save maintenance expense. So I put it in that range or in that ordering. Fuel and then cost management, and then the capacity decision.
Catherine O'Brien: Really helpful. Thanks, Mike. Maybe one for Andrew, a little bit of a shorter-term question. Can you speak to how you see each entity performing in the second quarter? You know, should we expect RASM deceleration across each geography or there's some of the international markets holding in better? Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Katie. You know, I think we had a really very good strong Q1 for international, and I think we'll have the same in Q2, but the year-over-year RASM won't be the same. But at this point, I do expect international RASMs to be positive. Across every single international entity, by the way. With the Pacific probably being the strongest Atlantic and Latin trail in that. So clearly, the bulk of the issue we're seeing today is demand for domestic flights, particularly in the main cabin. And that's where the challenge will be in Q2. As it was in Q1. And, you know, it's gonna be clearly a negative RASM environment for domestic in Q2 based on everything we see right now.
Catherine O'Brien: Thanks for the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Fitzgerald of TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Tom Fitzgerald: Hi. Thanks for the time and congrats on the results. I'd love to just hear your perspective higher level and longer term on the broader international market given that you're the fly carrier and your franchise and some of the growth you have with your freedom flying out of Hong Kong. Just given that it just seems like there's a heightened risk of more geopolitical tensions, I'd love to hear how you're thinking about that.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. You know, I think international, you know, for as long as I've been at United, has been, you know, the stronger entity. And we've worked really hard and continue to work hard to make sure that domestic catches up, but international continues to accelerate and the more we do. The better it all gets. Like, there's this, you know, S-curve type effect. And the world is getting smaller. Things that we did not think were possible five years ago are possible today, and I think the same will be true in five years. And as you look at that. And so we are continuing to look at a broad range of opportunities outside the United States. We think it is a more lucrative environment as we go through this cycle. Clearly, there'll be, you know, ups and downs just like there are in any market marketplace and things will move around and we'll move our aircraft appropriately. But we remain really bullish on the international environment. The results in Q1 were, I think, outstanding. Our margins across every single entity were up mid to high single digits. In Q1. Really great performance. You know, we'll see where that lands in Q2, but Q2, the international outperformed again. It has for years. We believe it will going forward. We have, you know, an order book to support that growth, and we'll continue to watch it. That being said, we also have a lot of older 767s and 777s. That we can, you know, potentially retire if things do change. But at this point, we're leaning into it because it is working.
Scott Kirby: And I'll add structurally. The further you look out, on the timeline, think the more there are two structural supply constraints that are gonna cause the international to outperform more and more over time. Number one is aircraft. You know, all the aircraft that got retired in COVID combined with the supply chain challenges, not just at the manufacturers, but much deeper in the supply chain, whether it's engines or BFE or kind of across the board. There are going to be supply chain big supply chain challenges for wide-body international. I think, for the rest of my career. And then secondly is airport because, like, you know, I can't tell you how hard it was for us to get slots in Manila. To fly to Manila. And international markets are far more constrained from a capacity perspective at the airports. And so if I had to make a bet, like, I'm not I'd actually make the bet the short term too just because I see the data. But if I had to make a bet on a year from now, I'd have less confidence. But if I had to make a bet five, ten longer term, then I'd put all my chips on international because the supply constraints are real and are significant.
Tom Fitzgerald: That's really helpful. Thanks so much. And then just as a follow-up, I'd love to think about the role of Starlink on the mainline fleet, what the cadence like that could look like, and then how you're contemplating potential share gains as that product comes out in the market. I think that it's simply a really positive idiosyncratic that you guys have next year. Thanks again for the
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. We are very excited about Starlink and what it enables for our customers for Connective and MileagePlus as well. We shouldn't forget that. These things are all kinda linked together. You know, we've made a lot of different investments, whether it be Starlink, food, seeds, you name it. And all those things together are kinda leading us to where we are today. On the brand loyalty side, and I think it's been incredibly effective. And so we're super proud of that investment, and there I think there's more more to come on that front.
Operator: The next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys, and great quarter. Just relative to the environment. So maybe if I could ask about international. It's clearly strong, but I think in the prepared remarks, there were comments around international non-US origin volumes down Europe down six, Canada down nine. Offset by the increase in US originated international traffic. So maybe if you could talk about that dynamic and is there a share gain opportunity as you expand internationally and convert customers in those markets? And on the Pacific strength, if you could touch upon markets there.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Well, we wanted to give that data because I think as most people know, there was some erroneous data about transborder traffic and some outrageous number, which was completely false. That was put out there. So we wanted to out the numbers. Yeah. Yeah. We are seeing a modest decline in foreign origin business, but, you know, our US origin point sale is, I think, a little over eighty percent. To begin with. And so the twenty percent is seeing a modest decline, and we're able to easily refill those seats with US origin point demand. So that as a result of all that, our international looks fine. In terms of, you know, overseas, specifically the Pacific, that entity is kinda leading the way. Clearly did in Q1. Across the board, we see strength just about everywhere in the Pacific. But Japan is really phenomenally strong right now. For us and our partner, ANA. So I think that is noteworthy. The South Pacific is having a very good year. And really across the board, the Pacific looks really good. The Atlantic, I think, also looks really good. Germany had a very good quarter in Q1. We'll see where that is in Q2. And Southern Europe is just, you know, increasingly a desirable vacation spot for US consumers. And in fact, for US consumers to go on off-peak periods. So overall, look, you know, I think the international environment would be even stronger if we hadn't had that deterioration in the origin business from overseas, or the US consumer is even stronger and stronger economic outlook. But the international entity looks, I think, really good. It is a strong source of profit for United. And we're very bullish about the short-term and long-term outlook.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And maybe one for Mike. On the seven to nine dollar scenario in a recession, how do we think about your operating margins and free cash flow in that scenario?
Mike Leskinen: At seventy-nine dollars, I mean, the operating margin is just some math. Can help you with that offline around free cash that ends up being we would expect that to be near breakeven, but still positive free cash in the seven to nine range. We would have some there's some movement in CapEx, but probably not this calendar year.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. The next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Your line is open.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for the chance to ask a question here. I wanted to ask you a little bit about some of the cost assumptions and maybe how the pace of union agreements tends to work during an economic downturn. You know, I'm thinking of the flight attendants in particular, but do you think, you know, progress tends to be slower if you're in a recession or things are a lot weaker? Or do you kinda think, you know, the same assumptions in terms of your cost profile on timing of when you might get a union agreement?
Scott Kirby: You know, our people are doing a great job. You can see it in our resilient results. When I say we've won brand loyal customers, we about the hard product. The biggest thing we do is our people care and take care of customers. There's nothing as powerful as walking onto an airplane. There's two flight attendants in the galley who are smiling, who are happy, who are positive, who you can tell are happy and positive. Nothing as impactful as, you know, a captain coming out of the cockpit and talking to the customers and standing there. And they're doing a great job and we're winning even in a recession. So they're gonna get good industry-leading contracts and they deserve it. In this recessionary environment even if it happens. Isn't gonna change that. And we're getting close. Attendance, so fingers crossed that we're near the goal line.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. So that doesn't affect your view on timing. What I guess for the second question, so, you know, I think you said, well, we don't assume the cycle is different or, you know, we don't assume things are different, but clearly United's position is different. You identified that really clearly with the commentary on the market share in the hub. Do you think that maybe the consumer is different as well, maybe more the spend is with high-end consumers that would maybe support resilience on international? Or how do you think about that? I guess I'm just trying to think of in a recession, wouldn't naturally international flying come down? I mean, you haven't seen that yet. You just wanna see if you have any other comments to offer on that. It's just like consumer mix different, international is more resilient. This time around. Even if you go on a recession. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. International has definitely been more resilient, but I do think, you know, there are different types of consumers and each of those consumer types feels a different level of pressure in the situation that the country faces right now. And clearly, the discretionary consumer faces more pressure, and that customer was probably less likely to take that vacation to Rome or Tokyo to begin with. So the high-end consumer, which I think, you know, from a look at wealth over the well, you know, a few years, yeah, the market down in recent months, but the high-end consumer, the more wealthy consumer one that takes the global vacations, the one that wants to sit in a premium seat, seems to be less impacted so far and I think that's really good for our business and is consistent with our brand and one of these customers to begin with.
Mike Leskinen: Hey, Tom. This is Mike. I wanna add to that. I think there's also been a real mix shift at United. I think probably the industry level with a real mixed shift. In our premium cabins, we have less corporate, and we have more premium leisure. And I believe that piece of our business is showing some great resilience as well. So a lot of secular trends are accruing to our benefit.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thanks for the insight.
Operator: The next question comes from Duane Fenigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Duane Fenigwerth: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I have a book club question for you. You really piqued our interest with a recent book recommendation, capital returns. The book covers a lot of ground, and we won't do it justice here, but it focuses on supply analysis. And the authors advocate for buying equities in sectors when industry returns are low and capacity is exiting. It also makes the point that lower asset growth firms, lower CapEx firms tend to outperform higher asset growth firms over the long run. So with that long-winded intro, Scott, what were the highlights from your perspective and maybe from Mike and Andrew how would this book influence your thinking about growth and capital allocation?
Scott Kirby: Well, I'm glad that you read my book recommendation. I have another one I'm not so reading yet. I actually forget the title. It's by Brian Green. Anyone's interested in physics. It's spectacular.
Duane Fenigwerth: Look forward to it.
Scott Kirby: On understanding the search for a unified theory. And it's really good. But capital returns is good also. And I think there's a lot of good lessons in there of how to think about it. One for me is, you know, probably appeals the way I think, but is to be willing to think against the consensus. You know, when everyone else is buying airplanes, it's probably the wrong time to buy airplanes. We did do it at the right time. You know, in COVID, when everyone else thought the world was coming to an end and air travel would never recover. You just heard and I think I think about supply like, way more I think about the demand environment. Demand environment's gonna go up. Demand environment's gonna go down. Over time, demand is gonna grow a little faster than GDP. Air travel, and there's gonna be short-term variations like there are right now. I don't stress about those. I follow what's happening with supply. I think this is gonna lead to better supply. Changes. And also even my answer on the international question, like, feel so bold up about international. Not just not because it's booked well right now, like, something could change in the short term, but because I look out a few years, and the supply environment is going to be constrained internationally. And that is the place you wanna go. You know, I'm way I've been way more frustrated that Boeing didn't get us all of our 787s than if they didn't get us all of our 737s. Because we were the only ones in the world that wanted to make that bet, and we made that bet. And it's paying off, but it could have paid off even bigger. But, you know, anyway, it's a great book. Everyone should read it. First time I've given a homework assignment to the team, but the finance and network team got them all copied. It's hard to get, by the way, not in print. But Aaron got them all copies. And, you know, that's some of the lessons I learned. Mike?
Mike Leskinen: Duane, I'll make two points that I thought the book emphasized. Number one, CapEx. We need to be thoughtful and disciplined around the investments we make in aircraft. They're thirty-year investments. To make sure that our expected return through cycle, return on invested capital is above our cost of capital. Given the constraints to supply that we've been harping on, we feel very strongly about that. We've got some older aircraft, in fact, that if we could get additional deliveries, the return profile of replacing some of those older aircraft is quite strong, nicely exceeding our cost of capital. But the point of the book is we need to maintain discipline, and we need to be willing to think differently and, you know, turn right when the market turns left and vice versa. The second point that the book emphasized that I've been passionate about since I left the buy side is that buybacks should be opportunistic. If at some point we don't feel like it should be opportunistic, we can pivot to a dividend. But buybacks when the shares are on sale because the market is panicked we should be willing to step in. Within the constraints of managing our balance sheet to drive towards investment grade, we should be willing to step in in a more heavy-handed way. And when the shares close in on intrinsic value, we should just turn it off completely and allow our balance sheet to improve more rapidly. Those would be the two points.
Andrew Nocella: I'll only add the relative point that I thought was most interesting to focus on supply side forecast. And in this case, I, you know, I'll just read a Scott said that the international airports around the globe and the big airports in the United States were really not building runways and we're not building gates. But as GDP grows, we're building demand. And so I just I could remain very bullish the big cities that we have our hubs in here in this country and the big cities we fly to around the globe. It's becoming increasingly difficult, if not impossible, to be able to expand schedules.
Duane Fenigwerth: Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mike Linenberg: Oh, hey. My question is gonna be a little bit more low brow. Just touch basic economy here. I think last quarter, you gave us a number. Maybe it was about fifteen percent of volume. When we look at, you know, the year-over-year increase in basic economy revenue relative to your total revenue, it's almost outpacing a two to one. Where is that percentage today? And is that just largely a function of the up gauging in next, or are you starting to see, you know, maybe more intense competitive, you know, competing at the lower part of the fair structure that's driving a higher volume?
Andrew Nocella: Look. I expect in Q2, you're gonna see us be more competitive at the lower end of the fair structure creating higher volume. It was less true in Q1. Okay. Just the decline in demand happened so quickly at, you know, mid-February and March. So we didn't have an opportunity to really react quick enough to fill up the seats in our domestic load factor fell by, I think, three point three points. So in Q2, you're gonna see us we'll probably still run a small load factor deficit year-over-year domestically. But probably in the order of one point. And it'll be because we've opened up the inventory system to take more basic, more lower-yielding customers and we will simply spill less to the spill airlines as a result when we do that. But I think you'll see it expand in Q2. And it'll go up and down based on market condition. But we'll decide how much low-end traffic we wanna spill and when we wanna spill it.
Mike Linenberg: Great. And, Andrew, since I have you, just this Real ID deadline, May seventh, I mean, you're the most international of any of the carriers, so passport's among your customers shouldn't be an issue. But what sort of impact do we have? I mean, I don't think it impacts your cash since you sold the ticket. But are you gonna get a bunch of cancellations where all of a sudden there's some revenue recognition because people show up and they don't have ID. Any thoughts on that?
Andrew Nocella: Look. I think there is a lot going on there, and I know, I kinda hope that date gets extended once again, and I'll hope the same thing when it happens again. But we're working through this with the government, and I think we'll have more to say on it. But hopefully, everybody's prepared, and they got the real ID or their passport or their passport card. Multiple ways to get through TSA security, obviously. But this is something we are aware of, and we continue to talk to the government about it.
Mike Linenberg: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Your line is open.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. So you guys dig into how you're defining brand loyal customers? Because I think this is a pretty important concept. And, Scott, I think in your prepared remarks, or maybe it was Andrew, you talked about, like, share of local customers. Is that a way we could start to measure it from the outside looking in?
Andrew Nocella: Actually, it's all of the above. So there's a number of ways to do it, but our total market share you look at every single one of our hub cities, our market share is up in every single city we fly to. If you look at the origin market share, which is something I highly recommend that you do, and I gave some numbers today for Chicago, for example. Where our origin share is better than our total share. In other words, the loyalty of local customers here in Chicago has shifted to United. We've got those customers a co-brand credit card as well to make sure they're incredibly sticky, and they stay with United indefinitely. That was our plan all along. We think it's working, and we'll do the same. The other measurement we look at is, you know, share among the big global travel agencies. Those tend to be higher-yielding customers traveling often for business. And our share in that category continues to go up. You know, there's probably a bunch of other ways you can do it, but it shows up in our regular revenue premium to the industry and it shows up in our market share. It shows up all over the place. But most importantly, it shows up in our margin and the relative gap we have to our customers. Or to our competitors. And I think you'll see that, our margin gap probably increased to others in Q1, did not decrease.
Brandon Oglenski: Well, I appreciate that, Andrew. And I guess you put that into context of how prudent it is right now, growing domestic capacity in the high single-digit level, because I think that's what your 2Q and summer schedules are showing right now. And especially just given that we saw such a drastic change in unit revenues, you know, we thought 1Q would be positive and ended up down, I think, three percent or four percent. Domestically. So is it the right opportunity to be taking a lot of share right now? Or I guess maybe if I rephrase the question, is the focus really just on incremental gaining that share today and worry about the margins later? Or is there more of a focus on margins? And again, is it prudent to be growing that much domestically?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think it's false to think that we don't focus on both. We are always focused on our margin. But I think we've shown over eight years now that we have a proven track record on our capacity decisions and all of those decisions have been undeniably good for United. You know, we look back at our absolute and relative performance this Q1 and believe that our choice of growing, which we did focus on peak time of day client proved right. And created, you know, our margins that you saw. We were the first to announce a change to our fleet a few weeks back at the JPMorgan conference. And we've unloaded a bunch of capacity as a result of that. So we were gonna fly higher than the number that we're gonna block. We believe the fast food plan we have now for the spring and summer is the best plan for United, and you know, we also understand that things change. And as usual, we'll stay on top of these things, and we remain open to making changes in September and beyond. But at this point, we think we have the right plan. We're not flying, you know, we're not gonna fly unproductive capacity. But we are also gonna balance market share and financial returns. We've given you, you know, the EPS guidance. We've given you two guides. I think we're really focused, as Scott said, on a no excuse culture on delivering on our guide.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: The next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. So just to follow-up on the multiple scenarios here, but from a loyalty and co-brand standpoint, how do you think that evolves if we do get, you know, probably the first broad-based consumer recession we've had since 2008? Obviously, the whole industry and loyalty and corporate have changed a lot since. It stays as resilient as it was during the pandemic, or do you think it has greater risk?
Mike Leskinen: Hey, Ravi. I love that question. The loyalty business and the stream of revenue and profits from that business was resilient through the COVID pandemic. Everything we see in the data shows great resilience right now. If anything, we expect to see secular growth continue through even an economic weak spot. So as we sensitize the model and scenarios upsides and downsides, that's a piece that is kind of a rock in all scenarios.
Andrew Nocella: I'll just add that, you know, and we said this word a lot today. The brand loyal customers make the difference here. So as we build the premier members of the program, as we increase the penetration rate, of those holding credit cards. This cycle just builds on itself like a flywheel, and we're really, really focused on this business and making sure it does that. And as a result, I think it's getting stronger and will be more resilient in a downturn than it was even in the pandemic.
Ravi Shanker: Understood. That's pretty helpful. And maybe a quick follow-up for you, Mike. Just wanted to confirm that your fuel price assumptions between your two full-year guide scenarios are not different? And if so, we're gonna be using this potential for more fuel price tailwind in the recession scenario?
Mike Leskinen: Yeah. Ravi, I think it's a good point. And if revenue falls off as much as we downside scenario and the recession scenario, there's a solid case to be made that we would see further decline in fuel. That is an assumption you can make. And so we're being very clear and transparent on the assumptions we made, and that is that we don't get into dish offset from fuel.
Ravi Shanker: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. Please ensure you are not on speakerphone and that your phone is not on mute when called upon. Please hold for a moment while we assemble our queue. Your first question comes from Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Your line is open.
Mary Schlangenstein: Thank you. Hey, Scott. I wanted to ask you, with China saying that they're going to halt Boeing deliveries, and we've got an aircraft engine and parts supplier that says they'll be scrapping shipments that are subject to tariffs. Building that on top of the current supply chain issues, is there kind of a crisis developing in the overall aerospace industry? And if so, what are your main concerns there?
Scott Kirby: I think it's way too early to be panicking and declaring a crisis. You know, aerospace is probably the number one example of a successful high-tech manufacturer manufacturing export powerhouse industry in the United States. And we're still in the early, you know, the opening game of how all this tariff is gonna settle out. And I suspect by the time we get to the end game, you know, aerospace is gonna be recognized as a clear winning proposition for the United States and, you know, things are gonna work out. So my recommendation to everyone would just be to take a breath. And let's wait a little while before you start making panicky moves.
Mary Schlangenstein: Okay. And you said at the start of the call that most of your deliveries are coming from Boeing. But if you face the prospect of having to take an Airbus plane and pay the tariffs on it, will you do that?
Scott Kirby: Well, we're in a different position than others. We're mostly Airbus or Boeing aircraft, as Brett said, We're Boeing's second-largest customer behind only the US government. Most of our Airbus deliveries are coming from Alabama. So it's a pretty minor issue for us. And in fact, I look at it as an opportunity we had the senior leadership of Airbus who's in here with us yesterday. As an opportunity to actually strengthen the partnership there. You know, to their credit. Airbus is having to import some parts to build the airplane in Alabama so the parts come from elsewhere so far. Have been, you know, they have had to pay the tariffs on those airplanes. They've been a good partner, you know, and just dealing with that right now. I think we all think let's back to let's take a breath and we'll work these things out. But we view this as an opportunity to kinda work with Airbus. Again, we have much less exposure so it's easier for us to work with them. We're not gonna we don't need to make any definitive statements about what we will or won't do at this moment in time. We're gonna see a few more cards before we start doing that.
Mary Schlangenstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Fletch of Crane's Chicago Business. Your line is open.
John Fletch: Morning. You guys mentioned in the press release this morning about adding additional gates at O'Hare. Can you talk a little bit about how that fits into both the overall strategy for United as well as what it means for the expansion underway at O'Hare?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It's Andrew. I'll give it a try. You're correct. We're gonna gain six gates later this year. We're very excited to do that. Our current facilities are very full, and we know people want to fly. We know they wanna fly in peak periods. And so these six gates will allow us to continue to execute on the United Next growth plan. You know, we're really proud we won the gates through this process. We've been very consistent in our strategy here in Chicago. And as a result of that, we've got the six gates and we're gonna continue to grow. We think the economics of the hub look really darn good right now. And we're excited about what the future holds in Chicago for United.
John Fletch: Recession have any impact on that?
Andrew Nocella: On the growth? You know, it could potentially, but at this point, you know, we're operating a record schedule in Chicago this summer. We plan to do that. We're not changing our plan. And our plan is really very consistent with what we devised six months ago before we started the year. But, you know, this period shall pass, and we'll get back to doing what we need to do in Chicago. And we remain really confident.
John Fletch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, everyone, for joining United Airlines Holdings' first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. We appreciate your time and engagement. Have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-22 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards : Thank you, Regina. Good morning, and welcome to United's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations, which are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us today on the call to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I want to begin by saying that our thoughts are with those affected by the wildfires in the Los Angeles area. We've been in close touch with our employees and communities in the area to offer them support. We'll continue to monitor the situation to see if there are more ways that we can help. Turning to earnings, 2024 was another solid proof point on our way to double digit margins. By the fall of 2020, several months after COVID struck, we at United had a clear vision of how our airline and the industry were going to evolve. And 2024 seems to have been the year that we gained broad recognition from others that the vision is playing out as we expected. Our outlook has always been based on a realistic view of how the economics of the industry were going to change and how those changes had the potential to drive structural, permanent and irreversible changes in the entire industry. Our 2024 plan developed from that vision and our results were the culmination of years of thoughtful planning, bold action, and strategic investment. I'd like to thank our employees for these stellar results and I'm proud to say that we'll be paying out $713 million in profit sharing this year. In 2024, United continued to make progress with our United Next plan and once again delivered earnings within our original range. Our investments over the last several years have further differentiated United from the rest of the industry and led to strong customer preference for the United brand. But the bigger point here is that the changes that led to this moment are structural and durable. Cost convergence, which we first talked publicly about on this call in Houston two years ago, combined with effective revenue diversity at United for the first time ever, and industry-leading product and service causing customers to choose United are just irreversible structural changes that have created a competitive moat for United. Answering an analyst question two quarters ago, I talked about how this feels very much like 2012 to 2014, but today I'll add that there are two additional tailwinds this time around. The international environment, which Andrew will discuss in more detail, is going to be far stronger for longer because of the structural supply constraints that are going to last at least for the rest of this decade. Wide body supply, both airframes and engines, is even more challenged than narrow bodies. And second -- domestically, the seeds of the 2012 to 2014 era's demise were being sown at the time with 15% to 20% growth from the ULCC. It's very hard to see that happening again. Importantly, all of this means that the industry is [evolving] (ph) into an equilibrium where each airline driven by economic necessity will be primarily focused on flying where they have a competitive advantage. Different airlines have different competitive strengths and weaknesses in the post-COVID era. Cost convergence has been the most impactful at the big, high-cost airports in the country. The cost per passenger in the three New York City airports is $48 compared to the average ULCC fare of $67 in those three airports. When an airline is spending 72% of their fare on airport costs, it's hard for me to imagine that they could ever be profitable in those airports. At the same time, ULCC do have an advantage and will always be able to be more profitable than United in point-to-point, low-cost airports. It really is a transformed industry, and United more than anyone is leading the way. We have seven great hubs. We got well ahead of the curve in investing for the future, and we're focusing all of our efforts and growth in our hubs where we have the competitive advantage. The combined virtues of our size and our innovative culture make us a competitive Juggernaut. We know who we are, we know our strengths, we also know our weaknesses, and we're going to focus on our strengths and nothing else. But we won't rest on our laurels and will never be complacent or satisfied with our results. We'll continue to be an airline where good leads the way by focusing on ways to be even better airline for our customers. Starlink is one of the most obvious high-profile investments for customers, but it is really just the visible tip of the iceberg. Our digital team is expanding our best-in-the-world technology by making further improvements to make the airline even more transparent and easy to do business with. And our ops team is focused on changing the unchangeable and trying to solve problems that no other airline in the world has ever even tried to fix. And we'll continue to invest in a brand that inspires pride in employees and customers alike. This year, we expect to grow our EPS by approximately 18% at the midpoint, and we'll deliver strong free cash flow while continuing to invest in the future. That includes signing industry-leading contracts with our United team, which is made up of the best aviation professionals in the world. We are the best airline in the history of aviation and we're going to continue to raise that bar. That's been and will continue to be increasingly good for our employees, customers, and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brett.
Brett Hart : Thank you, Scott, and good morning. 2024 was an exceptional year for United. The investments we've made to improve our operational reliability and resilience have driven top-tier results. We served a record nearly 174 million customers last year and finished the year first in on-time departures at all seven of our hubs. We had the busiest December in our history, flying on average 511,000 people a day. And when so many of our customers were counting on us to get them home safely for the holidays, we closed out the month of December ranked number #1 in on-time departures. I want to thank the incredible professionals at United who worked through the holidays and through tough weather to deliver for our customers. Thanks to enhanced processes for recovering crews during our regular operation events, we achieved an 82% reduction in crew-related cancellations compared to prior years. Additionally, we continued refining our aircraft turn process, focusing on key components such as aircraft cleaner time and boarding efficiency, driving improved turnaround speed and overall operational performance. In 2024, we had the company's best post-pandemic turn execution, reducing cancellations and improving efficiency, both meaningfully cut costs and results in a much better experience for our customers. Despite that progress, staffing at the FAA remains a challenge for the airline industry and most importantly, the traveling public. In 2024, even on clear blue sky days, 66% of United's delays were driven by ATC challenges in technology and staffing. We remain engaged with leaders in Washington and in both parties to get the FAA the resources they need, and will look for opportunities to work with the new Congress and new administration to achieve that goal. Over the last several years, our culture of innovation has fueled countless advancements in technology and empower our employees and improve customers' experiences. In just the last several months, our team has developed new capabilities for our award-winning app, like integrating Apple AirTag data to help us reunite customers with their bags and allowing customers to select seat preferences, so they can get moved to the seat they prefer automatically as soon as it becomes available. Translating our entire app in the Spanish drove usage even higher and now nearly 90% of customers engage with our digital channels on the day they travel. In 2024, these and other app enhancements enabled half of our customers who experienced a cancellation to utilize a self-service or automated method to get back on their way, a 28% increase year-over-year. Our industry leading app has led to happier customers who have more control over their travels and employees who have more time to help customers who most need it. At United, we're proud of this culture of innovation because it's central to our effort to differentiate our good leads away brand and give our customers even more reasons to choose United. With that, I'll hand it over to Andrew to review our strong revenue performance in 2024 and discuss our expectations for revenue environment in 2025.
Andrew Nocella : Thanks, Brett. The fourth quarter revenue environment materially improved as the capacity backdrop for the industry became more constructive. United's Q4 TRASM increased 1.6% year-over-year, on a 6.2% increase in capacity. The Sunday after Thanksgiving was our best revenue day in history, shattering the former record by 25%. United's domestic capacity increased 7.8% in Q4, with RASM down 1.9%. We project domestic RASM will turn solidly positive in Q1. The domestic pricing environment is improving as underperforming airlines remove unprofitable capacity at an increase in rate and business traffic growth accelerates. Industry fair sales are less prevalent with lower discount rates, as airlines are prioritizing profitability. All United's hubs were profitable in Q4 and for the last 12 months with only a 7 point pre-tax margin difference between the best and the worst performance hub, the narrowest spread we've recorded in a quarter since 2016. Our network health is very strong with room for margin expansion as we continue our United Next Plan. After years of waiting, we're also finally starting to gain a critical mass of larger narrow-body aircraft, which allows us to execute on our plans to increase gauge. United's international capacity was clearly the star of the quarter in terms of RASM growth relative to Q3. As a result, international margins continue to outpace domestic margins in 2024. United's plan during the pandemic was to double down on international flying and it's proven to be the right move. Q4 Pacific capacity moderated and China headwinds slowed versus Q3 resulting in PRASM flipping from down 15.7% to up 4.1%. Pacific PRASM was up high single digits for the last two-thirds of the quarter versus last year. United has profitably digested a 31% increase in Pacific capacity in 2024, and we have now fully reinstated our pre-pandemic capacity levels across the region with margins that are now above system averages. In the past, the Pacific margins routinely lagged. We plan to moderate our Pacific growth as we head into the first half of 2025 [indiscernible] capacity added in 2024 mature. During 2025, we are excited to launch a new initiative to operate 737s, on a small number of Narita [feed] (ph) flights to destinations in Asia that do not support nonstop service to the U.S. We anticipate this unique initiative made possible by our Guam base will extend our lead, as the largest trans-Pac carrier to build an unmatchable network scope. We're going to redeploy underperforming assets and efficiently grow load factors from Japan to the U.S. where local origin demand still is not fully recovered from the pandemic. 2024 was also a great year for the United Atlantic network, and Q4 was no exception with PRASM up 7.1% on flat capacity. We entered 2024 PRASM capacity growth for the year in the Atlantic after a rapid growth in the region post-pandemic. Our plan for 2024 worked extremely well. All months in Q4 are PRASM positive year-over-year with December RASM up double digit. United is the largest U.S. carrier flying over the Atlantic by ASMs. And in 2025, we plan to have low to minimal capacity growth in Q1 to support continued RASM strength. From what we see today, we expect the first quarter to be our best Atlantic financial result in the company's first quarter history. Latin America trailed the other regions throughout 2024. However, it is important to note that United continued to operate profitably in the region despite these challenges. PRASM was up slightly in Q4, and the outlook for early 2025 is positive. Overall, the momentum for international flying in the fourth quarter was exceptionally strong. We believe the [pandemic] (ph) era global long-haul reset along with a sluggish delivery rate of new wide-body jets sets up the industry really well for years to come in international flying. Cargo also had a very strong showing in 2024. Cargo revenues for the year were up nearly 17% and up almost 30% in Q4 versus last year. It was a very good quarter and year for cargo. The business traffic recovery was a nice tailwind in Q4. Results in Q4 and our outlook for Q1 clearly shows this strength in higher yield corporate traffic volumes. Flown business revenue grew 16% in Q4 year-over-year. We expect that trend to continue in Q1, which is a tailwind for our business-focused network. Contracted business sales in the quarter for all future travel were up 14% year-over-year. Premium passenger revenues increased 10% year-over-year, and premium cabin unit revenues were positive. Both trends have persisted throughout the year. We see no change in consumer behavior seeking out increased premium experiences, but we also remain committed to our most basic product. In Q4, Basic Economy passengers increased 21% year-over-year and now represents 15% of domestic passengers, up 2 points versus 2023. Loyalty revenues grew at a healthy pace at 12% in 2024. Co-brand spend was up 9% with 1 million new card acquisitions. Turning to the product. We reached a milestone of deployment of our signature interior with nearly 50% of the fleet were complete as of year-end 2024. With installation work moving quickly now, we expect to be at 70% by the end of 2025. Across the entire United network, we expect to have 150,000 seatback [indiscernible], full of rich content available to all of our passengers with a better ability to personalize everyone's experience by the end of 2025. As you can see from our first quarter outlook, we continue to make progress on improving the financial performance of that quarter. Changes to our capacity deployment across hubs, days of week and time of day have been very effective. Return to more corporate traffic and the desirability of the Southern European vacation in the winter is also a tailwind. As we announced a few weeks ago, we are tracking ahead of our schedule on Starlink installation, which we think will be a material advantage versus slower [for-pay] (ph) Wi-Fi services offered by other U.S. carriers. United's Starlink plan is yet one more action to elevate our product, creating a brand customers choose more and more often. We will share more on product innovation, merchandising and capacity optimization in the coming year, furthering our lead. We will also talk about how we believe Starlink will unlock a host of new digital benefits for our customers and shareholders. We believe that creating more choice, more segmentation and enhancing our products is the winning formula. Merchandising, sell-in and managing the complexity of these multiple experiences is our proven expertise. With that, I want to say thanks to the entire United team for an amazing 2024, and I'll hand it off to Mike to talk about our financial results. Mike?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. We delivered record fourth quarter earnings with earnings per share of $3.26 ahead of expectations and a fourth quarter pretax margin of 9.7%, up 3.5 points year-over-year. These strong fourth quarter results brought our full year earnings per share to $10.61, above the midpoint of our initial guidance range of $9 to $11. Much of this success is due to the strong revenue performance that Andrew just discussed. But the foundation of our success is a strong operation, and I'm incredibly grateful for the tremendous efforts of our operations team this quarter. Our hubs are in some of the most congested airspace in the world, and still we delivered industry-leading operational performance during the quarter. Importantly, an operation that runs on time and with few cancellations is also a more cost-efficient operation. Finally, I'd like to celebrate our stock performance over the last 12 months. In 2024, we were the fourth best-performing stock in the S&P 500. I've long believed in the potential for stock to re-rate given the structural improvements in our business. It's nice that the market is beginning to recognize the shareholder value we've delivered. For the first quarter of 2025, we expect earnings per share of $0.75 to $1.25, an approximately $400 million improvement from the first quarter of last year at the midpoint, implying an approximately 3.5 point improvement in pre-tax margin. The commercial team has done a great job of continuing to shape the network to match demand in what has historically been our seasonally weakest quarter. Further building off first quarter momentum, we expect full year 2025 earnings per share to be between $11.50 and $13.50. At the midpoint, this represents 18% growth in earnings per share versus 2024. We expect a similar pace of earnings growth is sustainable as we march toward low double-digit pretax margin. We have decommoditized air travel. Our operation is strong and the United Next plan continues to deliver both higher and more sustainable profits. Airlines with less competitive offerings are cutting money-losing routes and frequencies. The industry setup has never been better, and we believe United is uniquely positioned to succeed. On costs, CASM-ex was up 5% on 6.2% capacity growth versus the fourth quarter of last year. As we look ahead to 2025, we are focused on driving efficiency improvements throughout the business, while also improving the experience for our customers and enabling our employees to be more effective at their jobs. For the year, we continue to expect 2 to 3 points of CASM-ex pressure from our labor agreements not yet signed. Shifting gears to the fleet. In the fourth quarter, we took delivery of five Boeing MAX aircraft, 14 Airbus A321neo aircraft and three Boeing 787s. In 2025, we are planning to take delivery of 71 narrow-body aircraft and 10 wide-body aircraft. Recall, we had been planning for approximately 100 narrow-body aircraft deliveries in 2025. But due to the OEM production delays, we are planning for less, which leads to our expected full year CapEx spend to be below $7 billion. That's below the low end of our $7 billion to $9 billion multiyear guidance. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $17.4 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. We generated $3.4 billion of free cash flow. In 2024, we paid down $7.4 billion of debt, $3.6 billion of which we voluntarily prepaid. We've now prepaid or refinanced our remaining high-cost COVID era debt, bringing our total cost of debt down to 4.6%. Our net leverage was 2.4 times at year-end, an improvement as we make progress to our long-term net leverage target of less than 2 times. On to buybacks. In the quarter, we repurchased $81 million worth of shares, leaving over $1.4 billion left in the authorization. We remain firm believers that United stock is undervalued as we continue to grow earnings and margins year after year with further room for multiple expansion. Finally, I want to reiterate the consistent and growing free cash flow generation remains a top priority. And in 2025, we are targeting free cash flow around the $3.4 billion we delivered in 2024. The future at United Airlines has never looked brighter, and I'm excited to continue to build upon our competitive advantages in 2025 and beyond. Now back to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up questions. Regina, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. So Mike, maybe could you talk a little bit about how much of the trend improvement you are seeing in 1Q and how that extends kind of into the full year guide? I'm trying to get a sense for whether the range that you are putting out there for us for the year contemplates things continuing to get better from where we are today or kind of just a reflection of where we are today?
Mike Leskinen: Hi, Thanks, David. I love the question. We've had a long-standing policy of setting guidance with a no-excuses philosophy, and that has served us well. We delivered over three points of margin expansion in Q4, and I expect to deliver 3 to 4 points of margin expansion again in Q1. We'll continue to build a single act of God into our longer-term guidance, so that we deliver even in imperfect conditions. That's kind of a hallmark of our guidance strategy. It is pretty easy, however for us to sit here and think there is opportunity in the back half of the year and that we could do even better than our full year guidance.
David Vernon: All right. Thanks for that. And then just to be clear about the guidance range as well, that includes the incorporation of some potential flight intended deal in the course of the year, correct?
Mike Leskinen: Yes, it does, and it always does.
David Vernon: All right. Thanks very much for the time guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning. Congrats, team, on great results. So Mike, maybe this one is for you since you ended your script with the stock is undervalued, but bought back only $81 million in Q4. So great free cash flow in 2024, $3.4 billion. The guide is for 20% earnings growth and CapEx is up less than expected. So it would suggest free cash flow north of $2.5 billion to $3 billion in '25. How are you thinking about your deployment priorities towards your leverage targets with the voluntary prepayments as well versus share repurchases?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks Sheila. Let me remind everyone that over the last four years, we've also invested $32 billion in our business and our people, which has been central to our success. The strong performance in our valuation, it was a steep increase just as soon as we announced the share buyback authorization late last year. And so this first quarter out of the gate regarding the buyback, we started conservatively. It seems like a reasonable approach. Right now, we have to balance our improvement in our balance sheet and repurchasing shares. And so I think that was the right approach. We are really pleased to see the stock moving so strongly. We were #4 out of the S&P 500 last year. I mentioned that in my script. And you'll continue to see an opportunistic repurchase of shares as we move forward through 2025. I'll remind you that we've got $1.4 billion in authorization, expect continued multiple expansion. We are going to be really, really deliberate about that. I'll also add that the deleveraging that we -- this journey that we're on, we expect to reach below 2 times net leverage during this calendar year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone thank you. On Basic Economy, can you talk a little bit about -- I mean, in the script, you talked about how the industry is discounting a lot less, and there's obviously a big move in premium from the low-cost guys. Can you just talk about how you are going to deploy Basic Economy? Is there an evolution in how that changes? It just seems like there is going to be -- the barbell approach that you had this last couple of years before the industry really structurally changed is -- maybe that evolves on how you deploy the Basic Economy side of the equation overall. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Conor. It's Andrew. I would say as we look out into the next 12 months, we don't intend to change that, that we're incredibly happy with the effectiveness of Basic Economy, particularly as we grow our gauge. As a competitive tool, it's done exactly what we wanted it to do. And it does seem to me the more of it we do, actually the better off we are. Obviously, there are points. We are clearly balancing multiple product types in our quiver here and many of it premium, but also basic and we truly believe that a broad spectrum of choice for consumers and being able to offer the lowest possible fare to fly in United where you get a signature interior seatback entertainment, free Wi-Fi is the winning recipe. And we are not going to change that recipe, as we go through 2025.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then maybe big picture, your relative margin performance obviously speaks to your willingness to adapt to the environment overall. But the United Next Day, we talked a ton about up-gauging. And obviously, there's been a lot of delivery delays and so on. So I'm just trying to understand on your conviction level around the up-gauging strategy. Do you have a lot of that baked into 2025? It just seems like there is still multiple margin points that you have from these uniquely United opportunities that you have going forward. Just any thoughts there. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. Look, I think gauge is  it is not a secret weapon, but gauge is, I think, really important to us. For 2025, gauge is not moving a lot. The delivery delays have been extensive, and our ability to put RJs back to full utilization proved to be the right decision for 2025. What I can say is, as we look out through the end of the decade, I believe we have the highest gauge possibilities, which is going to be great for the business, great for our unit cost and great for our customers because these new aircraft have incredibly high NPS scores as we bring them online. So we think there's an incredible amount of runway related to gauge. We obviously operate in hubs that are gigantic from local population base, but they are also now gigantic from a connectivity base, allowing us to use these larger gauge aircraft. We are behind on this. I think this summer, we had 12 A321s that seat 200 people. Next summer, we have, I think in the mid-40s. And that's probably still 150 aircraft behind our nearest competitor and as we said over and over again. The large gauge narrow-body aircraft are the highest-margin aircraft flying in the country, and that is going to be a meaningful tailwind to United's margin acceleration as we head into 2026 and 2027. So 2025 is a bit of a pause year, but we look forward to getting back on the gauge bandwagon in 2026 and beyond.
Mike Leskinen: Hi Brandon, this is Mike. I just want to add an extra point there. As we look into '26 and '27, as Andrew said, the gauge really starts to accelerate. And so it becomes an idiosyncratic CASM-ex benefit for United in '26 and really starts to kick in, in '27. So you're not seeing the benefit of that in any of our guidance for this calendar year, but you will see it in coming years.
Conor Cunningham: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, congratulations team, on what was a great year and obviously, a good outlook here. And Mike, maybe just following up on that, I presume with that comment about gauge, looking out years ahead, that's including some expectation that MAX 10 is in the mix?
Mike Leskinen: We are becoming more hopeful that the MAX 10 will be an important gauge for United. We like the MAX 9. The MAX 9 is a great aircraft, but we are with Boeing starting to make some real progress in improving their business. We are becoming more bullish on the MAX 10. That's correct.
Andrew Nocella: I'll just add, whether it's the MAX 9 or 10, our gauge is going to increase a lot. So the 10 would be great. But I'm counting on the 9 and the A321 to do what I described a few minutes ago. If we have the 10 available to us, that only helps us even further.
Brandon Oglenski: Well, and Andrew, maybe for my follow-up, on those lines, your domestic capacity growth is a little bit elevated here. What are the priorities in the network as you look in 2025 domestically, especially with those constraints on gauge? And it looks like the solidly positive PRASM comment on domestic is pretty bullish for 1Q. So can you elaborate on those?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We've been working really hard, particularly for off-peak months and quarters like Q1, to readjust how we deploy our capacity, whether it be by day or week or hub. And I think it is been incredibly effective, and you see that in the guidance along with the fact that business traffic is coming back. So we are pretty optimistic that this is moving in the right direction, and we can really close margin gaps by making the off-peak periods better. As we think about 2025 and I've said this in the past and I'll say it again, we are really focused on building connectivity in our bank structures, particularly in Chicago, Houston and Denver, where our hubs are fantastic, but they lack the same level of connectivity that we see at some of our larger OA competitor hubs. And so we are going to be able to close that gap materially in 2025, which I think is going to be really good for our relative RASM results as we go forward. So that will be our focus in 2025 at this point.
Brandon Oglenski : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Great. Thanks good morning everyone. Just a question on Starlink. Obviously, you guys mentioned that a couple of times in your prepared remarks. Any thoughts on kind of rolling that out? How much of a differentiator do you think that will be, what the initial performance has been like and maybe how we can monetize that?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It is an excellent question. And I have to say this is one of the things we are absolutely most excited about at United. We did a ton of research on this product and all the alternative products and feel, a 100% convinced that this is going to be a game changer. Fast and free Wi-Fi available to our customers, including the ability to game -- to have games on the -- on your personal device is going to be amazing. But look, I think the big question here is with Kinective, and our ability to grow MileagePlus, and you're going to see us, I think unleash a lot of really unique things on this front. And in particular, I think we see an opportunity maybe where others don't. And I think that comes from a number of factors that are probably unique to United. One is we have an advanced screens on the vast majority of our fleet. We need advanced screens to be able to personalize service and deliver content in the way that we are going to be doing in the future, which we can obviously make the service for our customers better, travel with less friction, but also monetize the media sales. Second, with Starlink connectivity, which we'll have, which I don't think any of our major competitors will have, it allows us to do that in a way that really older Wi-Fi services could not do. And then you combine that with size of MileagePlus, a legacy program size and I think our innovative spirit here at United, it is a very good recipe. I think we need to prove out this as we go forward. But we are very excited to do this. We are very excited that it's United being unique on this front. And we hope to show you in the coming quarters and years what can be made possible with these investments.
Ravi Shanker: That's really helpful. Thank you. Maybe for a follow-up. Obviously, lots of momentum with the story. Stock's doing great. Everything is going to set up pretty well. Can it possibly be greater? Kind of you guys hinted last year at potential creative options with the loyalty program. Obviously, it's been a long time since you gave us United Next, and a lot has changed with the world since. Any thoughts on hosting that Investor Day potentially at some point this year? Or kind of -- how do you think about giving us updates on some of those big picture items?
Mike Leskinen: Hi, Ravi, thanks for the question. And we still -- we continue to see tremendous value in the loyalty program, but we are going to start to disclose data on that when it makes sense for the business. We're still discussing the timing of an Investor Day. However, we've been really effective getting our message to all of you during these earnings calls and investor conferences. Unlike other airlines, our investor calls are much closer to many Investor Days. We give you a long-term guidance. We're giving you a lot more free cash flow commentary as well. We manage our earnings calls like we manage our business with a focus on the long term. And today's call is a good example of that. So stay tuned. An Investor Day is an important tool, but no update on precise timing today.
Ravi Shanker : Understood. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hi, good morning everybody. So Andrew, in the past, I think it was last summer you talked about that life cycle for discounted airlines. Obviously, since that time, we've seen a bankruptcy. Domestic capacity has tightened. We are seeing discounters experiment with new LOPAs. Do your original comments still stand? Or has there been enough evolution in that particular business model that maybe the outlook from United's perspective is a little bit brighter than what you articulated last year? Any thoughts on that?
Andrew Nocella: Look, I think it largely still stands. I think as Scott said earlier, we each have our expertises, what we're great at and what we're less great at maybe. At United, we think we are great at a lot of things, but there is a few things we don't do and we don't intend to do. But we manage the complexity of many product types from basic to premium and I think do very well in the premium space. And it's because of generations of investment that came before me and the management team here in the room today. And you just can't snap your fingers and make those generational investments overnight. So I'm a bit surprised by the amount of change, but the effectiveness of that change remains to be seen. The effectiveness of what we've been putting in place for years now has been proven. We're going to do more of it in 2025. So I think that life cycle I went through still holds. And I don't expect that we are going to see airlines compete at the level of United in terms of this broad range of products and experiences anytime soon.
Jamie Baker: Thank you for that. And then quickly for Scott, it was several years ago, I think it was at a conference, that I asked you if you could clear up one analyst or investor misperception, what would it be? And I don't remember your exact words, but basically, you said that you'd confront the idea that all capacity is created equal, and all capacity is equally bad. You and Mike spend a lot of time in front of clients. I know I have my opinions on this, but where do you think you are in terms of addressing that capacity topic? And would your answer be the same if I had simply asked the question a second time? Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Well, I don't know if the answer would have been the same, but it's a good answer regardless. And I think what I'd say, on that is all capacity is definitely not created equal. And if you look -- even if you look -- if you just look at total industry capacity in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter, you'd probably reach a different conclusion than if you disaggregate it by who is doing the growing. The difference is an airline like United, Delta is the same, we tend to add service, add route frequency because that's good for customers. We don't chase load factor. We've been running lower load factors. We maintain pricing integrity. And because we don't chase load factor and are willing to run lower loads if that's appropriate, it just has a much less negative impact on industry RASM than growth from some carriers who manage only load factor. And so I think not all growth is anywhere close to created equal and the -- and you are seeing that in the results today. Results in the fourth quarter and the first quarter proved that, that thesis was correct. I also think that it is going to continue for years to come, which could be a long discussion, but it's going to continue for years to come.
Jamie Baker: All right, good stuff. Thanks, Scott. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi, good morning everyone. Maybe coming back to loyalty a little bit. Scott, Andrew, revenues up kind of double digits in 4Q. And you continue to invest a few billion dollars each year into your product, whether that be Starlink, Kinective, lounges, et cetera. That's more than most airlines spend in total per year. So maybe can you help frame the growth opportunity over the next few years, as these investments come online? And maybe speak to how you think these -- this changes the value provision for a traveler and drive them into the loyalty program over time? Any thoughts that would be appreciated. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Look, I talked about it a few minutes ago, but we are -- the whole MileagePlus Kinective foundation is incredibly strong. And I couldn't be more bullish on the opportunity. It does require some investment and some technology, and we are well on our way. But look, we did I think 12% growth last year in loyalty revenue. And that was pretty amazing. I think hopefully, we'll show that we lead the industry with that number. And our goal for this year is more than that in percentage terms. And so we believe this is an accelerating momentum at this point. We need to prove it, as we head into 2025 and beyond. But Kinective Media in particular, like our media sales, we intend to double them next year and double them again the following year. And so it is a lot of opportunities, a lot of work. We have a brand-new team on board to help us execute on that. And as we do all that and personalize the service more and more, I just think we make MileagePlus even that much more attractive to our customer base. We have a flywheel effect with more credit cards that are issued. I think we did about 1 million last year. We'll do more this year. So it's just going exceedingly well, and I think there's a lot more to come. And we look forward to, at the appropriate time, disclose it more and more. But look, it's an interesting story. I gave you many of the unique things that I think are in our quiver related to this. And we intend to fully exploit that to the best of our ability while delivering, I think the more personalized experience for our customers, which we think will reduce friction in air travel a lot, particularly when you are onboard the aircraft. So there's a lot more to say on how we are going to use these screens and how we're going to deliver great service to our customers, and we're going to do that in the due course.
Andrew Didora : Great. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: I'm going to pile on that real quickly. Just the quality of the earnings from MileagePlus, the -- not only are they growing rapidly, but the stability of those earnings, a high-margin business. As we grow that business, I do think it is important that you all think about that differentiated stability, and it is something we are going to work hard to highlight in our disclosures as time goes on. Thanks for the question.
Andrew Didora : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hi thanks. Just on seasonality of margins, maybe you can remind us about some of the network changes you've made over the years. Historically, we didn't really think of the first quarter as a breakout quarter for relative margins for United. So what changes have you made? Is it geographies? Is it how you're flying? What's changed versus maybe pre-COVID?
Andrew Nocella: Well, look, I would say, it's a lot of things and definitely how we fly is pretty meaningful to that. But I -- look, first of all, I think you have a brand that is rising across the board, as we invest in multiple products and multiple experiences. And we are just an airline people are choosing more and more often. So like that's just foundational. And I think we are really proud of that. Now in the nuts and bolts, yes the schedule has changed a lot. We are very, very careful, in particular, how we work with utilization. Just adding flights for the sake of ASMs, we proved that last year in first quarter was not a great idea from the industry perspective, and we didn't do it. And we are not doing it this year. In fact, our utilization rate for this year is actually probably lower than last year at the current rate. So we are being very careful on how we deploy capacity, and I think we're the best in the business at it. But that goes not only within the quarter, but it's by day, week, it's by hub, and it's by aircraft type. And all those changes, including more sunshine capacity, I think have been really important. And then the last thing, Q1 was always a strength point for corporate traffic that didn't exist during the pandemic or right after the pandemic. And what we see today is corporate traffic coming back very strongly in Q1, which I think will be uniquely beneficial to the business-centric airlines, which obviously United is one of them. So that's really important. And then the last thing that I think is maybe underappreciated is the fact that Europe is becoming more of a year-round destination. And so Europe always did not so great is the polite way to say it, particularly from January 15 through mid-March. And now we are seeing a totally different result where people are willing to go on a Southern European vacation, and so that's just great. And that really helps deseasonalize Europe, at the same time that our connectivity with our Lufthansa hubs builds back to normal. At the same time, the business traffic builds back to London Heathrow. And you put all those factors together, a lot of them created by United through schedule changes, some of them created by industry dynamics and were deseasonalized in Q1 and make it look a lot better. That was our goal a number of years ago, and we're really proud to say we've come a long way. We have a long way to go still, but we've come a long way.
Duane Pfennigwerth: That's really helpful, Andrew. And then just on the path to double-digit margins and which implies a bit of improvement relative to pre-COVID. You touched on in your prepared remarks. Is this really about structurally higher margins in international and maybe holding serve on domestic? Or do you see it more balanced? And again, not necessarily a 2025 answer, but over the next few years. Thanks for taking the questions.
Andrew Nocella: Well, as I said in my opening, international margins are higher, but we think they have room to expand, particularly by making the off-peak periods better. So we remain excited about that, but there is an opportunity on international. There's also a bigger opportunity on domestic as our Mid-Continent hubs, in particular reached that critical mass of connectivity and gauge that we're seeking. We're still a bit off from where we want to be on gauge. As we said, this year is a bit of a gauge pause year. But starting in 2026 and beyond, we are going to really focus on gauge, which is incredibly efficient. It's going to unlock the connectivity in our hubs even further. And so I'm actually more optimistic that margin growth in the domestic system, given all the structural changes we're putting in place and what's happening around us by our competitors has an incredible amount of upside. And we can start to close the gap with international. But I have to say international the strength is just unbelievably strong right now. And I -- well, we'll close the gap. I don't -- we'll close some of the gap. I don't think we'll close all of the gap from the way I look at it at this point. So international is going to continue to lead the way, I think, for the coming years. And as we said at the beginning, there's just a significant supply constraint when it comes to wide-body aircraft and wide-body engines that we think confidently last through the end of the decade at this point.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks good morning. Scott, on one of the earlier questions, you said that you think the current industry backdrop has years to go. I guess what gives you the confidence in the duration part of the story? I guess what's the risk in your mind that as domestic pricing turns positive and others start maybe making a little bit more money that they start chasing it and adding capacity again?
Scott Kirby: Well, the short answer is it's just math. And this has been driven by economic reality. As I said in my prepared remarks, I gave some stats on the expense of flying at big airports in New York, like that doesn't mean things won't get a little more positive and people will try to put the smart capacity back one or two quarters. But I just don't see how it's possible to be a low-cost carrier and fly profitably to the New York airports or Chicago or Los Angeles or San Francisco. Like the business model just doesn't work because the governments in those entities have priced low-cost carriers out of the market. And it is just math. Like every airline that has low margins that don't look like Delta and United, has unprofitable capacity. And the only way to solve that is to not fly it. That didn't mean they'll do it overnight. There will be some ups and downs along the way. There'll be ego involved in that. But ultimately, it is math, and it is going to come out because it cannot be profitable.
Scott Group: Okay. And then maybe just, Mike a numbers question. 1Q clearly has RASM outperforming CASM. Does the guidance contemplate that you have a positive spread all year? Or is there something unique about the 1Q strength? And I know you talked about 2 to 3 points from labor. Anything else on the cost side you want to add some color on? Thank you.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Scott. Let me try to be clear about it. For the full year, we expect RASM to exceed CASM. We expect continued margin expansion. I expect continued margin expansion into '26 as well. Regarding costs, I think about costs in 3 buckets. I think about industry-wide inflationary pressures, whether that be labor, whether that be airport costs, whether that be food costs, fuel costs. Those costs are going to be passed through to the consumer, 100%. It's frustrating that those inflationary costs have been persistent. We need to make sure that we do at least as well as the industry regarding those -- that #1 bucket of costs, but those costs should not interfere with our long-term profitability. The second bucket I'll break into two categories in A and B. And that is what can we do as an airline to drive efficiency into the operation. Gauge at United is the largest measure of efficiency that will really kick in and as I said earlier, in '26 and '27. But we are doing lots more with our app. We've got the best digital technology team in the business to drive efficiency. We are doing a great job with tech ops in the operation driving efficiency, and we feel we will do better than average in that category. There is a 2B though, and that is driving efficiency by flying more in red-eye situations, flying more during the off-peak. And some of our competitors are doing that. We feel that, that is -- and I think our results prove that flying in that way to drive utilization, it does drive down CASM, but it is -- it does not maximize profits. So you will not see United Airlines drive efficiency in that way. And then the third bucket is one that United has been on a mission for, for several years, and that is investing in the product and service to differentiate to de-commoditize the business. And it is clearer than it has ever been that, that de-commoditization of the product is driving higher margins and I think more stability to this business. So you'll see continued investment by United that will drive CASM, but we think it will also expand margins.
Scott Group: Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Fitzgerald with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Tom Fitzgerald: Thanks so much for the time. And congrats on the great results. There was a line in the press release that caught my eye on utilizing GenAI to expedite customer search. And I'm wondering if you could update us on other areas you are already deploying GenAI in the business or thinking about and how you are thinking about the impact, whether on the revenue side or in the operations?
Scott Kirby: We do have the leading digital team in the business. You can see in the app, you see in all kinds of places. And we have been, I think, done a Yeoman's effort, but really using GenAI in all kinds of ways that maybe not be as [indiscernible] as some of the big high-profile analysis, but a whole lot more impactful for the airline and operations. You talked about some of them. One of the things that I'm most proud of is how much better we are than any airline in history has ever been at communicating with customers when there are delays to choice and explaining it in terms of they understand. And we are getting better and better in that. I think we're the first inning of that. We are the only ones on the field. No one else is even trying to do it. But GenAI has been an important unlock in that. All kinds of other -- maybe one of the interesting applications. We have these old labor contracts that go back decades. And they've got all these provisions that have built up over decades. And you have people that have 25, 30 years of experience trying to interpret what the labor contracts mean when a pilot or a flight [attender] (ph) someone calls in with some unusual situation. And some of the provisions are hard to know and always hard to figure out -- literally a team of people that try to interpret and get those right, and they didn't always know. Amazingly, GenAI can read the contract and give you a really good answer of what the output is. That's just a small example. But really, what that means to me is our team is down in the entire organization. This isn't like some one cool, [indiscernible] project that we talk about on an earnings call or some other forum, but really throughout the organization, embedded in the organization. It is part of what's driving us to be, without question, the leading technology innovator of any airline around the world.
Tom Fitzgerald: Thanks so much. That's really helpful color. And then just as a follow-up, Andrew, you talked about adding sunshine capacity being part of the success in improving 1Q. And I'm just curious how you're thinking about Florida and the broader domestic network? And if there's -- if opportunities present themselves to maybe get larger in that region, whether a focus city or possibly a new hub, just love to hear your thoughts there. Thanks again for the time.
Andrew Nocella: We -- good question. We have seven great hubs. And for all my years here, we've been focused on making those hubs as great as it can be. And I don't think we're anywhere close to that. And you can look at our relative market shares in our hubs relative to other hub competitors around the country, and you can see our shares are still low. And I think as our brand rises, people want to fly us more, and our gauge is going to increase. So we continue to be very focused on our hubs. That's not to say that it will always be that way. But for now and for the foreseeable future, our opportunities in our hubs, there's a lot of growth. And that's how we're going to grow earnings and grow our margins as Mike talked about earlier. But we will continue to build on what is a very successful Florida franchise. I think it is done incredibly well, and we are tilting a higher percent of our capacity into it. But at least in the short term, there is no plans for a hub in the Southeastern Florida.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Catherine OBrien: Good morning everyone. Thanks for the time. Mike, one for you. While respecting you don't give a CASM guide, and you've already given us your high-level thoughts on the different buckets of costs we should be thinking about over the next couple of years, just was hoping to get some more color on the puts and takes for '25. If you don't have a ratified flight attendant contract, for instance, how does that impact the timing of that 2 to 3 points of labor headwind you've spoken to? And anything else potentially lumpy we should be aware of quarter-to-quarter?
Mike Leskinen: Hi, Catie, thanks for the question. And let me try to expand around the edges. We talked about 2 to 3 points of labor headwind that we expect in 2025. That anticipates a labor deal with the flight attendants, the timing of which we aren't going to discuss today, but it expects that if that timing were to push to the right, there would be less of a headwind. If it pushes to the left, pushes earlier, then we'd have a little bit more of a headwind. I would say we have a 0.5 point to 1 point of pressure from investments that are driving even more revenue into the business. And so we feel really good about that as well. It does seem like the inflationary pressures overall at the industry level have started to -- have peaked and have started to abate. But as we sit here, I think that they persist longer than we might have thought 6 months or 12 months ago. So hopefully, that helps.
Catherine OBrien: Yes, it does. Thanks. And Andrew, maybe one for you as well. You talked about managing the complexity of more products and more choices being an area of expertise for the team. Can you help us think through where the opportunities are to lean into this more going forward? Is this adding more cabins? Is this adding more varied soft products to your existing cabins, something else that we haven't even maybe thought of yet? Anything there would be super helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Well, that's a really good question, and I'm not going to answer it today. I'm going to say that other than to say, as I said in my opening script, I think product choice has won the day. And it's kind of ironic because if you go back a few years ago, there are people saying the opposite, which I never ever understood. But product choice has won the day. We think we have some innovative ideas to expand on all that, including the merchandise and the product choice, as we go forward. And when I convince Mike to do an Investor Day, hopefully, we'll talk about that more. That was a joke obviously. But the point of all that is we are not going to give it away today, but we are working on a bunch of innovative things that I think are going to be very exciting for our customers. So there is a lot more to come. There's a lot more investment occurring. We wish we could announce it today and bring it to the marketplace even sooner. But these things take time. And I said earlier, I think United has a multigenerational lead. And we've been working over the last few years to make sure that lead expands and accelerates, as we head into the latter part of this decade. So there's quite a bit more to announce, but just not today.
Catherine O'Brien: Great. So I look forward to it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Please go ahead.
Mary Schlangenstein: Hi, thanks good morning. The Trump administration has ordered the DOT and the FAA to rescind their DEI policies and review the job performance of individuals in critical safety positions. I'm wondering if you are concerned that, that may cause some churn of employees and increase the problems that are -- exist with ATC and the staffing issues? And then secondly, I wanted to ask if United is considering, rescinding its own DEI policies?
Scott Kirby: So I will answer for United and let DOT answer for themselves. Although we're positive -- feel good about the DOT and administration and the impact that they will have on the air traffic control. I think there is a ton of upside there. But at United, we have always have today and we'll continue to hire based on merit. But we are in the fortunate position that we're a very high-quality employer, and we make efforts to cast a wide net for people coming into United. In fact, last year, we had over 600,000 applications for fewer than 10,000 positions. And because of that, we can be incredibly selective about who we pick. And [while] (ph), we do hire on merit. We can hire the absolute best of the best and have a naturally diverse workforce. So at United we can do -- and the proof is in the results. We are performing better coming out of the COVID for the last few years than any other airline in the world. And our workforce having a diverse but also very best people is a huge part of the reason why we are the best airline in the world.
Mary Schlangenstein: And what do you say that there's a ton of upside with the new administration FAA and DOT?
Scott Kirby: Well, last year even on clear blue sky days, 68% of our delays were because of air traffic control restrictions on the airspace. That impacted millions of customers. And it is just basic blocking and tackling. And when I talk to the President, he knows a lot about airplanes. He knows a lot about the airspace. He is focused even at his level on fixing it. Incoming Secretary Duffy, I spoke to this weekend, also focused on fixing it. And I think that they will do the basic blocking and tackling, get the FAA the right resources, the right technology to run effectively. And there is -- like everything else combined is not as big for airline customers as running the FAA effectively and efficiently. That is bigger than everything else combined. And I think we are going to be off to the races on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rajesh Singh with Reuters. Please go ahead.
Rajesh Singh: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have a two part question. Scott, some people are calling it the new golden age of U.S. airlines because of the capacity discipline, as well as improved pricing. Do you subscribe to this view? And second, do you see any risk for the industry due to the increasing macro uncertainty, not just from the demand perspective because of high inflation and interest rates, but also from supply perspective because of trade and tariffs? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: So I think this is the golden age for airline customers. The -- particularly at an airline like United. The amount we've invested in the product and the service, the loyalty program. The amount of customers who are brand loyal to United today, I think is bigger than it's ever been in history, the wide array of products for premium all the way down to Basic Economy. And so I think it's the golden age of customers. And because customers like that and because customers choose United Airlines, it makes it really good for United Airlines as well. That is a symbiotic relationship. On the question about supply chain, we are early into the Trump administration. So we'll see what happens with tariffs and such. But just like my comments about what's going to happen at the FAA, I have a lot of confidence in this administration that we're  they are focused on doing things that unlock American innovation and entrepreneurialism. And that create -- remove regulatory burdens and expand the economy. And so I think, my base case is that the net-net of that is going to be a strong, robust economy and strong, robust demand for United Airlines.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Stay warm.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to United Airlines Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2024. My name is Krista, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Krista. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of these factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, Linda Jojo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: All right. Thanks, Kristina. And good morning, everyone. Before we start, I want to acknowledge the devastation that has occurred in the Southeast due to severe hurricanes that impacted the region. The United team has been working overtime to get our customers and employees safely in and out of the impacted areas. We've also raised hurricane relief funds and transported humanitarian aid to the region. Turning to the quarter. The inflection we spoke about on our last call has happened and we're seeing unprofitable capacity to begin to exit the market, leading to the expected domestic yield improvement. We once again delivered a solid quarter, and I want to thank the United team for taking care of our customers and producing these strong results all while strengthening the culture that puts the safety of our customers and employees first. Today's results are another proof point of what we've been outlining was going to happen on these calls for several years now, both at United and in the industry more broadly. So how have we gotten here? Over the last several years, United has worked hard to improve the customer experience. That starts with a great culture and great people that are proud to be a part of United and want you, our customers, to feel the same way. Over a multiyear period, we've also made significant product investments that are important to our customers, like new aircraft with seatback screens and power in every seat, expanding clubs and the fastest WiFi in the industry with Starlink. United is also the clear innovation leader in global aviation and our technology is now without question the best of any airline in the world and by a wide margin. One of the most common comments I get from customers now is about how much better the United app is than any other airline. But no investment has been more important than the almost $10 billion investment we've made in our people over the last four years. During this time, we also reached industry leading contracts with four of our five major work groups. We're currently in federal mediation with the AFA who are committed to reaching the same kind of agreement for our flight attendants. But we knew that doing all of that following COVID would be difficult, we could have just hoped that the world would revert to pre-covid norms. That's allowed us to be consistently ahead of the curve and often move opposite the consensus and we've been consistently right. All of these actions and investments combined with our United Next plan have propelled United to a leadership position operationally, financially and for our customers' employees. All these actions position United to provide benefits to all of our stakeholders, financially stable, secure careers for our people, improved experience for customers. And now that we've done those two things, we can return value to our shareholders. This success has led to our strong financial results that have facilitated our ability to restore our balance sheet and position us to take the next step in solidifying our leadership position in the industry. Our Board of Directors has approved a $1.5 billion share repurchase program. Mike will go into the details about our capital allocation framework but this is a critical next step for United as we work to create value for all of our stakeholders. We're proud of our current results and excited about the innovation that we have ahead for customers. We're also glad to see that the industry inflection point, which we've been predicting, has actually happened. We believe that all sets United up to expand margin in the years to come. And with that, I'll hand it to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott. And good morning. I'd also like to thank the United team for closing out this summer on a high note. This quarter was the busiest third quarter in company history, setting the company records for the most ever passengers carried on the July 4th and Labor Day holidays and for the highest number of customers carried in a day at 552,000 in July. Despite record numbers of passengers and challenging weather across our network, we ranked first in on-time departure and second in on-time arrival amongst major US airlines for the third quarter with the best on-time departure in the months of August and September. These results are a testament to the investments we have made in our operations, resources and tools to bolster the durability and resilience of our operation. These investments, along with what we've learned from operating in challenging geographies, has further improved our recovery during weather and irregular operations events. In addition, our safety measures have only become stronger this year with additional investments in our people and technology. This year, we launched training for our pilots focused on safety and professionalism and more will be rolled out next year. We added additional safety resources across the operation and we are investing in new technology that will make it easier for employees to engage with our safety programs. Running a safe and reliable operation is the backbone of this airline and one of the many contributors to the success of our business. Investing in the customer experience has also been key to widening our competitive advantage. Our NPS scores continue to reflect the benefit from these investments. Our third quarter NPS was up 5 points versus the same period last year and is up 24 points versus 2019 year-to-date. These results would not have been possible without the vision and leadership of our Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, Linda Jojo. Last month, Linda shared the news that she will retire at the end of this year. In her 10 years, Linda led a team that revolutionized air travel and has enabled so many of our industry leading customer innovations. These innovations have continued to set United apart and have delivered real value to our brand and our business. But the most lasting element of her legacy is likely to be the impact that she had on our culture and is well known across the company. Her commitment to mentoring the next generation of leaders at United, especially women. Countless people, men and women across the airline, not just on her team, have benefited from Linda's wisdom and her willingness to generously share it. Her leadership will not be easily replaced but it's certainly an example we'll aim to follow. Now that I have thoroughly embarrassed her, let me hand it off to Linda to talk about the changes she has seen at United in her 10 years.
Linda Jojo: Thanks, Brett. We believe that United has the best hub cities, the best network and the best people. But to create an airline that customers choose to fly, we need to deliver a great customer experience. That's why over the last decade, we've invested over $14 billion in technology to help our employees work more efficiently and deliver outstanding service. We believe these investments give United a unique competitive advantage further strengthening our brand and foster a culture of innovation that's hard to match. For example, one of the first decisions we made when I joined United was to issue iPhones to our flight attendants. Once these devices were in our employees' hands, it unlocked a new way of thinking for both our frontline and our digital technology teams. These devices now help our flight attendants deliver more personalized service, from recognizing someone's birthday to offering in the moment care, to sharing connecting gate information, building a stronger connections with our customers and drive our higher NPS scores along the way. We've also moved to a paperless flight deck, issued iPads to our technicians, upgraded our contact center, crew scheduling and airport tools, resulting in more efficient aircraft turns and better crew communication, especially during our regular operations. This culture of innovation, combined with our investments in our technology infrastructure, enabled us to launch dozens of industry first capabilities for our customers and employees. For example, we launched Connection Saver more than five years ago, saving the day for over 3 million customers since then. This is a customer benefit still not copied by other airlines. Like Scott, I'm very proud of our app. It's used by nearly 90% of our customers on the day of travel where they can save up to 30 minutes at the airport. And when things don't go as planned, we take steps to automatically rebook you and we've introduced new features like allowing customers to list standby for earlier flights and access to hotel and meal vouchers. Our self-service success rates in the app have doubled since making these changes, which translates to customers getting on their way faster and our employees freed up to assist those customers who need more help. Our patented Agent on Demand technology gives customers the option to text, talk or video call a live agent from the United app and enables our teams to collaborate across airports, aligning our people resources to where they're needed most. During a recent storm in Houston, over 7,000 customers got help from live United Airport agents already on duty in other airports who were not impacted by the storm. Our pace of innovation continues. So far this year, we've allowed customers to be automatically moved to a preferred seat, created a flight filter so travelers can confirm that aircraft can accommodate their wheelchair, expanded live activities to Apple Watch and signed the industry's largest deal with Starlink for in-flight WiFi. The Starlink announcement was a full circle moment for me. Finding a way to improve in flight WiFi has been a year's long challenge. And like when we gave iPhones to our flight attendants nearly a decade ago, I think this will completely transform the onboard experience in ways we probably can't imagine today. And that's why I can't wait to see what the team will do next. I'll now hand it over to Andrew to talk about the revenue environment.
Andrew Nocella: It's been an exciting decade at United. Thank you, Linda. At United, we take great pride in our leading RASM results over the last few years. Our segmentation strategies, multiple product choices from basics to Polaris and network capacity deployment decisions have created strong relative margins for United versus others. Elimination of change fees and the swapping out of single class RJs for mainland jets has been very positive for United and negative for our competitors. Turning to our third quarter revenue results. United's top line revenue grew 2.5% year-over-year to $14.8 billion on 4.1% more capacity versus the third quarter of '23. Consolidated TRASM was down 1.6% year-over-year aligned with our expectations of a challenging domestic industry capacity dynamic in July. As expected, we reached the domestic inflection point. Domestic PRASM was slightly positive in August and September year-over-year, which was a material improvement from earlier in the quarter where it was down 4%. United's domestic capacity in 2024 was shaped with the expectation that the industry would remove unprofitable capacity in earnest in Q4. As a result, United expanded slower than most during the first three quarters of the year when capacity dynamics were less favorable, but importantly, our timing was right, tilting our growth to the quarter where the industry conditions would be the best. Network and business model changes due to large financial losses by others are resulting in an improving domestic and near Latin America pricing and yield environment. We expect more of the same in 2025. The timing of our growth push in Europe in 2022 and 2023 proved to be spot on with the recovery in demand post pandemic. This year, we allowed capacity added in 2022 and 2023 to mature creating good RASM results. We entered Q4 with momentum across the Atlantic as RASM growth was strongest as we exited Q3 at plus 4%. We've gotten pretty good at knowing when and where to grow and just as importantly knowing when and where not to grow. While our Asia Pacific network is solidly profitable, Asia RASM was challenged in the quarter as we continue to face China and South Pacific headwinds driven by simply returning to a more numeralized revenue environment. United expanded Asia capacity by 27% year-over-year in Q3 and 50% in the last 12 months. Pivoting capacity across the network remains a focus as we enter Q4. We're in the process of reallocating underperforming narrowbody capacity in our Guam operation to create new revenue pools and connectivity in Tokyo. United's planned Pacific growth will moderate to 7% in Q4 and further again in 2025. We plan to return to a more typical Pacific growth rate once our post pandemic network is fully restored. With stronger year-over-year performance expected across the Atlantic and Pacific in Q4, United is also seeing a much better global year-over-year RASM outlook versus Q3. We remain bullish about the long-term growth prospects of our global [long offline]. The structural shift in profitability is evident in two of the three international entities at United so far in 2024. We're optimistic that performance to Latin America will improve in the coming quarters as the region is seeing significant capacity rationalization by low margin airlines. Uniteds network health remained strong. All United hubs and all four entities produce profits in Q3, produce profits year-to-date and produce profits over the last 12 months. Corporate demand acceleration was nice to see in September across all regions and is expected to continue into Q4. Contracted corporate revenues were up 13% in September, at 95% of 2019 revenues, which is 13 points higher than July and August. United is centered in the largest business markets as corporate demand expands and we expect a material tailwind. Load factor for managed business was down nearly 2.5 points in Q3 still versus 2019 and we look forward to a slow but steady gains as we enter 2025. We've seen eight of the top 10 biggest post pandemic corporate revenue booking days since the start of September, including the biggest day in United's history. RASM in United's premium cabins was up 2% in Q3. Premium cabin RASMs performed better than main cabin in all entities during the quarter. On the other end of the spectrum, basic economy remains an important product with volumes up 21% year-over-year. MileagePlus revenue was up 11% and our Connected Media business continues to spool up as we invest in technology and seatback screens to create new high margin revenue streams. Active membership at MileagePlus was up 13% year-over-year and holders of our credit card have reached a new penetration record with credit card spend reaching new records up 9% year-over-year showing flyers increasingly engaged with all United has to offer. I will end with a quick view of the revenue setup for early 2025. Much of the revenue challenges we have seen in Q3 on weak [leisure] yields for domestic leisure customers who book travel far out. As we look into Q1, we're selling these very same tickets yields that are much higher. We believe Q1 yield strength will be possible due to the significant schedule changes and business model changes that will continue to be implemented by low margin airlines. While there's still a bunch of noise in Q4 due to the multiple calendar shifts that make the positive magnitude of the domestic revenue pivot a bit difficult to see for some, the environment is improving rapidly just as we anticipated. In addition to the positive leisure yields we expect in Q1, we're clearly seeing an acceleration of return to office policies, which are driving corporate traffic revenue growth at an accelerated level and creating a great setup for 2025. Further, as I said earlier, Asia unit revenues have clearly pivoted in Q4. Thanks to the entire team for a job well done. With that, I'll turn it over to Mike to discuss our financial results.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thank you to the United team for another solid quarter. In the third quarter, we delivered a pretax margin of 9.7% and earnings per share of $3.33, above the high end of our guidance range despite challenges from the CrowdStrike outage and suspension of our flights to Tel Aviv and Aman. Revenue trends improved across most geographies as industry capacity rationalized, all while we saw a relief in fuel prices. Customers continue to choose United as we invest in our hard product, our people and a resilient operation. Turning to costs in the quarter. CASM ex was up 6.5% on 4.1% capacity growth versus the third quarter of last year. We expected CASM ex to be pressured in the quarter with lower capacity growth. This was further amplified with an approximately 1 point reduction in capacity from CrowdStrike and suspension of Tel Aviv and Aman. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect some unit cost improvement as labor headwinds moderate and our capacity growth steps back up. We expect that our costs will remain pressured from previous capacity reductions in both our domestic and Atlantic schedules and delivery delays from Airbus and Boeing. As we look ahead to CASM ex in 2025, we expect to see tailwinds from better utilization and firmer capacity plans, assuming OEM delivery delays moderate. We expect to continue to see pressure from our labor agreements of around 2 to 3 points, which should be an industry headwind as well. For the fourth quarter, we expect earnings per share to be between $2.50 and $3. Turning to the fleet. In the quarter, we took delivery of 17 Boeing MAX aircraft and three A321neo aircraft. In the fourth quarter, we expect to take delivery of 19 narrowbody aircraft and three widebody aircraft, our estimate accounts for our current assessment of the impact of delays at both Airbus and Boeing. With these deliveries, we now expect full year adjusted capital expenditures to be less than $6.5 billion. On capital allocation, our United Next plan is working and the airline industry is in the midst of a positive transformation. A decommoditization of customers are choosing United based on the wide selection of products from premium international seats to flexible travel for domestic business travelers and basic economy for our price sensitive customers. Our investments have solidified a leading position for us in the industry. As our strategy has worked, our relative profitability has improved materially but our stock hasn't kept up. We believe there's tremendous value in our shares and now have the balance sheet and free cash flow to opportunistically repurchase those shares. Our Board of Directors has approved a $1.5 billion share repurchase program that we intend to execute beginning this quarter and throughout 2025. This program will be funded by free cash flow generation as we expect our profitability to improve. It's imperative that we balance our priorities of investing in the business and consistently returning value to our shareholders while also deleveraging. Our current net leverage is 2.7 times and we are targeting below 2 times in the next few years. In parallel with this new buyback authorization, I'm happy to share that we've already repurchased approximately $82 million of shares that were issued when a portion of the warrants originally granted to the US Treasury under the Cares Act and Payroll Support Program were exercised during the quarter. The repurchase of just over 2 million shares fully offsets the dilution associated with these exercise warrants. The shares were purchased at an average price of $39.99. We are delivering on our financial commitments and expect to deliver on our EPS guidance for the second year in a row. We are greatly encouraged by our third quarter performance and the progress we've made to positively differentiate our product, increase TRASM, improve our balance sheet and now return cash to shareholders. The future at United Airlines is incredibly bright. With that, I'll pass it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: We'll now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Krista, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: A question I get pretty often from investors is just how you plan to capitalize on an evolving industry backdrop in '25. Many of your competitors are making significant changes to the network and product. When you take a step back where do you see the biggest opportunity in the US domestic market next year?
Scott Kirby: I'll try to take it. We're focused on United and our outlook and continuing to develop the United Next plan. And so there's a lot of opportunity. I think, first of all, we're going to continue to build connectivity in our Mid-Con hubs. We've had that as one of our north stars for a long time and we'll continue to do that. But we're also going to continue to invest in the customer to make our product one that they choose more and more often and we continue to see market share gains related to that. And then I think the last point I would say is particularly from a corporate point of view, we see corporate traffic accelerating that's Uniteds bread and butter, we've been waiting for that to happen for a while. It's particularly important in Q1 and we think it's going to happen in Q1, and that creates a great set up for us. So we're going to stay focused on building products that customers want to buy. We're going to stay focused on building our high yield share as we go forward and building connectivity and, of course, building our global network, which has done incredibly well over the last few years.
Conor Cunningham: And then maybe just sticking with or going back to United Next. When you first laid that plan out in 2021, obviously, a lot has changed, you're forecasting double digit pretax margin by 2026. I was just curious if you could update us on your thought process and how you get to that double digit margin? You've obviously done a very good job of pivoting and driving margins relative to others. But just any thoughts there would be helpful.
Scott Kirby: For the past couple of years, we've been describing an industry evolution that we're confident will lead to higher margins. We anticipated that we'd reach an inflection point that would kick off a multiyear run that looked a lot like the 2012 to 2014 for airline earnings and investors. For some history, in 2011, each of Delta, United and Southwest had pretax margins between 3% and 4%. Southwest committed to low growth until they rolled -- to hit a certain target, and they lived up to that commitment for the next three years. Three years later, their margins have expanded by 9 points. So the network carriers had expanded by an average of about 8 points. That all happened even while the ULCCs were growing 15% to 20% per year. Fast forward to today, Southwest and one other airline, one of the large airlines, start with margins that are actually even lower in absolute than they were in 2011 and relative margins that are significantly worse than they were in 2011. In response, Southwest has once again made a long term capacity commitment at the same time that the ULCC may not even survive much less grow 15% to 20%. And while we've been predicting this scenario would happen, it's no longer theoretical. It happened in mid-August. The only question now is how much margins expand compared to what happened in the 2012 to 2014 time period. I suppose you can have a reasonable debate about whether it will be the same 8 to 9 points or something less. But regardless, there's likely going to be a meaningful expansion of margins in each of the next three years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Vernon from Bernstein.
David Vernon: I had a question on sort of the international expansion. This sounds like a differentiated strategy that sort of leans into the idea of [wanderlust]. Can you just talk a little bit about the rationale here and maybe your process for picking, I don't know, Nuuk, Greenland, to add to the system versus any other city? And what kind of impact seasoning some of these newer routes that are kind of undiscovered country may have on results for next year?
Scott Kirby: We spend a lot of time debating how and where we'll grow. And this announcement has clearly caught the attention of a lot of people, most importantly, our customers, and I think it's a very exciting announcement. But the backdrop for the announcement is the fact that United Airlines simply has the best global gateways in the business. And those global gateways allow us to fly successfully to a broad range of destinations. We heavily fly into our partner hubs, which is the traditional model in our business but we're also able to do just as well financially outside of our partner hubs. And so we look across the globe, we look for new destinations, we look for hot destinations and destinations, most importantly, we can make money in. We have a really good track record of this, very little of what we've added over the last few years we have canceled. And so as we look forward, we look for those new destinations. And at the end of the day, Greenland has got a lot of attention but it is only two 373s per week. So its impact on our system will be small. But its impact on United, our brand and our customer profile and sign-ups for MileagePlus will be great. And there is so much more possible on this front than even I thought it was possible five or six years ago. As the United Next plan builds the connectivity, as our global hubs are just in these great cities with high volumes of cargo, high volumes of leisure traffic and most importantly, high volumes of business traffic, we just have a lot to unlock out there. We'll do it very carefully. We'll make sure we're growing profitably but expect more to come on this front.
David Vernon: And then maybe just as a brief follow-up on the widebody situation. Boeing's announced they're going to have another delay on the 777X. How do you think that's going to affect sort of supply demand as you're looking out the next couple of years, the delays in that production platform for the next generation widebody?
Scott Kirby: So we've talked about this many times since -- even in the middle of the pandemic, we thought there is a structural shift in global capacity, a lot of A380s and other widebodies are grounded and many of those aircraft remain grounded, although airlines are bringing some back, there's no doubt about that. The fact is that the production lines for widebody aircraft probably will not keep up with demand over the next three to five years based on everything we see. And that, in turn, I think, creates a better setup for the global long haul network. We obviously remain bullish on it based on our announcement last week and we'll do it prudently, but we think the setup is pretty good and the 777X appears to be delayed yet again.
Mike Leskinen: I'll just pile on. We're more focused on the 787 delays as you might expect us to be. And we're rooting for Boeing and they are certainly making some smart decisions. We would applaud their -- at least the rumor decision to raise some equity in the capital markets to stabilize the business. But as we see delays on the 787s, we would expect that there's a bias downward in CapEx if those delivery delays continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Dedorio with Bank of America.
Andrew Dedorio: Kind of piggybacking off of that last question, maybe Scott or Mike. I mean, bigger picture, what do you see as the implications across your company from the Boeing strike? And then Mike, just kind of following up on your last answer. Like -- is it fair -- is it reasonable to expect something in the lower end of your $7 billion to $9 billion CapEx range next year just given everything we know from a production perspective?
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start big picture and then let Mike give you the CapEx answers. What I care about with Boeing is the long term. We're trying to build the best airline in the history of Aviation for the long term, and I'm very focused on the long term. And I am actually encouraged with Boeing. Mike already referenced it, but the challenge at Boeing, to my view, for decades been that the cultural challenge where they focused on short term profitability and the short term stock price at the expense of what made Boeing great, which is building great products, great engineering, great quality, reliability, safety that you could count on. And I think Kelly Ortberg is pivoting the company back to their roots. I think all the employees of Boeing will rally around that. To me, the biggest news in the last couple of decades, really at Boeing is the willingness -- reported willingness to sell equity that's making the right long term decision regardless of what the Street thinks about it in the short term. So I applaud them for doing that as a long term customer, it's right thing to do for the shareholders long term also. And so I'm encouraged with the changes that they're making. The strike is, in a lot of ways, a cultural legacy of the same issues that have happened over the past couple of decades. It's tough but they will get through it. I'm confident they will. I certain that all of the folks that are out on the picket line now along with the management team all share a desire to make Boeing great and be part of a great company that's one of the most important companies in the world. And so they'll ultimately work through this. It's going to be -- we're going to have two airplanes in the near term than we would have been hoping for, but our eye is focused on the long term. I wanted to get through it and build a company that can work for the long term. And then I think we're -- have a really good set up.
Mike Leskinen: Andrew, let me pile on, and let me be clear. The aircraft we have on order with Boeing and Airbus based on the profitability that you're seeing in our results for the third quarter based off our forward expectation for profitability, we want those aircraft and we want them as soon as Boeing can complete them and deliver them. That said, pragmatically, as these delays are unlikely to be resolved quickly, we would expect down -- we do have a downward bias to CapEx. I expect it to stay within that range and we'll give more precise guidance on the January call when we normally would. But you're correct to assume downward bias based on production delays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Baker with JPMorgan.
James Baker: So a couple for Andrew. Looking back at this past summer, the elevated capacity, the associated pressure on yields. I'm sympathetic, I guess, for lack of a better term, that several of your competitors threw as much capacity at the peak as they could, particularly airlines that are struggling for even the scantest taste of profitability. I know a lot can change between now and next summer. But shouldnt we assume that maybe this is the new normal? So as LMAs continue to struggle they'll just throw as much capacity at the peaks. So those peaks become a little bit softer, off peaks become firmer, more than the seasonal trends that we've seen in the past? Any thoughts on that?
Andrew Nocella: I didn't know you're so sympathetic, James
James Baker: Well, I just kind of get their logic. I mean, it obviously didn't help, but no, I'm not claiming to be a chair or anything
Andrew Nocella: Well, look, I'm not an expert on their business model other than their business models are clearly struggling and they are changing them as rapidly as they can. However, it is hard to change the -- it's hard to change your spots that quickly. Of course, they did exactly what you described. I think I went through the stages of grief on what you do in [that situation] a couple of quarters ago, quarters ago, and I think that is one of the stages of grief. When you wind up at an airline that has this complete imbalance of utilization where you have unproductive uses for a majority of our aircraft for six or seven months per year, and I'm not sure that financial model works either. We'll have to wait and see. The point of all that is there's an incredible amount of unprofitable capacity in the United States marketplace. We've seen that exiting at a rapid pace starting in mid-August, that continues into next year. And my expectation is that we'll continue, at the same time that international remains strong, that business traffic, which is our bread and butter remains strong, and we can march towards higher margins, as Scott talked about, as this evolution occur. So I remain bullish that where we are right now is only getting better and the changes we've seen so far only -- actually the tip of the iceberg is the models just don't work in that way in my mind that you can work for six months and not the other six months.
James Baker: And then on the 20 -- I think you said 21% rise in basic economy volumes. So my ability to track basic economy supply is obviously limited. I'm assuming you track it internally. Can you comment on how your basic economy inventory compares with that of Delta and American? And with growth of this magnitude, I mean, is it United's intent to essentially become the largest supplier of discount capacity domestically down the road, although by some measures perhaps that's already been achieved?
Andrew Nocella: Well, look, our intent is to expand our margins, to be really clear. Our intent is to offer a full range of products to customers, particularly in our hubs that want everything from basic to Polaris. And we will pivot the amount of capacity we offer in all those categories based on expanding our margins. But we have come to the firm conclusion that offering basic and offered in a substantial amount of volume is good to United, is profitable for United and is bad for our competitors. And so we are going to continue to do what's good for United. It expanded. I think it's in the neighborhood of 15% to 16% of our domestic passenger volumes right now. As we grow our gauge with lower marginal costs, I think it could go higher as we go forward. But again, we'll pivot and do what's right for the bottom line at the end of the day. But I would say that the experiment with basic, which was an experiment seven, eight or nine years ago, is a solid home run and has changed the business dramatically to our benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Fitzgerald with TD Cowen.
Tom Fitzgerald: Would you help us understand the sizing of the contribution from MileagePlus and Kinective Media on margin expansion in 2025?
Andrew Nocella: I don't think we're prepared to do that today. MileagePlus is a jewel in our business and has not been focused on enough over the last few years. And we took a different path about a year ago when we hired Richard Nunn. We took a different path as we invest in the technology there. That investment in technology is going to do a lot of things for our business first and foremost, it's going to allow us to personalize service to our customers in a way that I don't think any airline has done. Of course, Starlink is a core part of that, which obviously was just recently announced. So we'll have a lot more to say on this but it is going to be material. It's going to spool up starting next year. But I'm going to have to -- I'm not going to give you the details today on that, but it's pretty substantial.
Scott Kirby: Tom, I'm going to give you a little bit of detail. And that is that in '25, this is an investment phase. We're going to -- it's going to not be losing money, we'll make a little bit of money on in 25 but this really starts to accelerate in '26 and beyond. So as you think about modeling '25 though, we've got ton of momentum in the core business. I wouldn't layer a bunch of MileagePlus connected revenue on in 2025. I do expect we'll be giving more and more disclosure so you can model this on your own. You don't have that information at this time but I'm committed to getting you more information to allow you to model it for yourself.
Andrew Nocella: And I'll just bring up one other point -- I was going to bring up one other point. The program is doing incredibly well. And again, we don't talk about it enough and we should. But revenue from the premier population in the quarter was up 9% and that drove the majority of the revenue growth at the airline. And so our premier members are heavily engaged with us. As I said earlier, they hold the credit card in record numbers and they're spending record amounts on their credit cards. But the fact that the premier population base is doing that much more revenue on a base that is actually close to flat, because we've made sure that we can deliver benefits to all of our premium members and we held the level of premium members flat, the program is doing incredibly well.
Tom Fitzgerald: And would you mind just elaborating a little bit on what the customer reaction to Kinective has been and then maybe some of the early reactions on brands that are advertising on the platform?
Andrew Nocella: I think our activities to date have been rather small. There's been no customer reaction that I could speak of.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So when I look at third quarter, CASM ex is up about 6, RASM is down about 1. When do you think we see an inflection with RASM up more than CASM? I don't think it's fourth quarter, but if you have any color on Q4. And ultimately, I guess, do you have confidence that we see that in '25 with RASM up more than CASM?
Mike Leskinen: Scott, let me answer that simply. In '25, we would expect that inflection. We're not going to give you guidance on quarter-by-quarter at this time as we traditionally wouldn't, but we absolutely expect that inflection in the calendar year 2025. I shared in my prepared remarks the kind of some pacing of CASM ex, but let me repeat for clarity. Q3, I expect will be the peak for CASM ex. We expect CASM ex to decline into the fourth quarter and to decline further into 2025. We're going to work aggressively to cut all the costs that we should to run an efficient operation. And so I'm committed to that personally and the team is working hard to make sure we run a very, very efficient operation. At the same time, we're going to continue to invest in the customer because we're not focused on CASM ex as a metric at United. We're focused on driving profitability. And through no excuses philosophy, we've been really good at delivering on bottom line earnings per share growth and we're committed to continuing to do that, and we have the right balance of cutting the costs that are around efficiency, but adding the costs that are driving customers to increasingly choose United.
Scott Group: And just a follow-up, maybe just some directional color on your RASM expectations for Q4, positive, negative, flat and then some of the differences in the regions would be helpful.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I want to answer that question, but I will give you another hint. So January -- and I'm going to talk about Q1 because I can. January is currently 77 days from the start of the month and 107 days from the end of the month. At this same point, domestic yields were down 9% in July, down 2% in September and up 3% in January. And so the yield environment is just looking good, really booked to a small percentage of our booking curve for January. But I just want to say that Q1 is shaping up well as the pricing environment looks better, capacity is, obviously, different across the industry and business traffic continues to rebound.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Domestically, are there any regions that stick out in terms of recovery, specifically as it relates to corporate, are you seeing any signs of recovery in lagging West Coast markets like San Francisco?
Scott Kirby: It would be the opposite. So the coastal hubs are stronger than the interior hubs. In the corporate bucket, professional services, financial services and tech are growing fastest, where energy and a few other things are growing slow. But all verticals are growing and corporate traffic looks good but the coastal hubs are much stronger than the interior hubs at this point.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then Mike touched on it and I think it came up in a couple of questions, but just contrasting the setup on the kind of step-up in growth in 2025 or the step up in CapEx in 2025 versus prior years where it was a little bit of a placeholder given OEM constraints. Does the setup feel different now looking into 2025? I know you recast and derisked some of your deliveries. But is your confidence higher into 2025 growth or about the same than it was this time last year into 2024?
Mike Leskinen: Duane, I think you're asking me about CapEx expectations in '25?
Duane Pfennigwerth: CapEx and really growth, just that it was -- in prior years, it was a placeholder at this point in time, given OEM constraints and you have a better view into how those work out than we do on the outside. I'm just wondering if the confidence is any higher now into your planned growth than it has been in prior years?
Mike Leskinen: Let me try to be responsive. We've been very clear about a range of CapEx at $7 billion to $9 billion. And as we sit here today, given the strike at Boeing, given other delays, we'd expect there to be a downward bias within the range for CapEx in 2025. Now separately -- there's a relationship, but separately, thinking about capacity in 2025, we're not going to give guidance for capacity in '25 at this point. But you can trust us, you should expect we have earned that trust that we're going to fly the capacity to maximize profitability for United.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: We touched on this a little bit, but maybe we could parse it a little bit more on the domestic RASM down 0.8% in Q3 from 1.9% in Q2. It doesn't seem like much, but Andrew, I think you just gave a little bit of color on how July was and how August trended. It seems a much bigger step improvement. So maybe can you talk about what drove that? Was it the -- how much was capacity, how much was corporate, how much was share gain in economy? Any details you could provide?
Andrew Nocella: I'll try. I mean, it was a lot of things. I will say that September was dramatically better than July. July was clearly the low point for the year in terms of year-over-year RASM. We saw gains really in all the entities, but September, again, was much better. We expect Pacific market to also improve as we head into Q4. Business traffic was up, I think, about 6% in the whole quarter, but it was up 13% in September to give you an idea of the spool up. So we exited the quarter with some really, I think, much better performance and we were hopeful that, that performance translates into good quality earnings in Q4 and beyond. Hopefully, that -- does that answer your question?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: A little bit. Maybe I could follow up on the Q1 comments that you made with the bookings being so strong, but only minimally booked. So how do we think about what drove that strength into Q1 and how you're seeing that, is it -- like where is that trend coming from, is it different than what you saw in the Q3 September performance?
Andrew Nocella: I don't have it by geography. But what we are seeing is that there's just a much better pricing environment for leisure yields that look very early in the booking curve. And we attribute that to changes in capacity, the elimination of unprofitable capacity, better business bookings, although very slim at this point and changes at business models of the low margin airlines. All of these factors are leading to what we anticipate will be a much stronger environment in 2025 for United Airlines.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Congrats on retirement Linda and congrats to the team on a pretty strong 3Q outcome here with all the headwinds that you had. Mike, I really like to know excuses attitude here, the share repurchase definitely a vote of confidence. I guess, can you help investors -- because we understand the CapEx dynamics next year. But longer term, you guys are going to be in this range of $7 billion to $9 billion, that is a little elevated compared to others. But how integral is that spending and the investments maybe even outside of the aircraft fleet and to achieving that double digit margin target?
Mike Leskinen: Brandon, I appreciate the question. It's something we think about a lot in the finance department these days at United. CapEx is elevated that refreshing of the fleet, the growth of the fleet has been absolutely integral though to the United next strategy. The gauge increase from the narrowbodies, that's frankly what's driving our ability to provide basic economy, which is creating a competitive dynamic that is just fundamentally reshaping the industry. So they are intertwined. That said, as the strategy progresses and our margins expand, I am focused on free cash flow conversion. And in the near term, in the next two or three years, we're focused on a free cash flow conversion target of 50%. We're not going to manage perfectly in every individual year. But over the next three years, I would use 50% as a target. Later in the decade, I am aiming higher, I think, 70% to 75% longer term than that, I think there's opportunity. But near term, think about 50% and later in the decade think about a target of 75% for free cash conversion.
Brandon Oglenski: Mike, I appreciate that. It's actually very helpful. And that's within the context of that $7 billion to $9 billion outlook on CapEx for the next few years, right?
Mike Leskinen: $7 billion to $9 billion remains the target for the next few years, and we'll give you an update to that in the future. But for the next few years, $7 billion to $9 billion remains the target. And let me say for the third time, that has a downward bias next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Linenberg: And obviously, keeping with your no-excuses mantra, I thought it was interesting that there was nothing in the release as it related to CrowdStrike. I know, Mike, you called out 1 point of CASM, but at the end of the day, you did cancel, I want to say, it was like either 2,500 or 2,600 flights on United and its partners. What was the revenue impact? Or is it just with your booking tools, your ability to reaccommodate maybe better than others that the revenue hit maybe was not as much as even worth reporting?
Mike Leskinen: Scott and Andrew, if they want to provide some detail, obviously, they can. But healthy businesses, healthy industrials, healthy businesses, they'll make excuses about CrowdStrike, they'll make excuses about weather. We build into our guidance, the expectation there will be one act of God in a quarter that impacts the business in a negative way. And if that impact ends up not being so large then we can beat -- coming at the high end or beat our guidance. If you have a series of events in a quarter or a massive event, then of course, you're not always going to hit your guidance. But I think it's just basic setting of targets in a way that expects it not always to be a perfectly sunny day.
Scott Kirby: And I'll -- actually use this to expand on a cultural philosophy that I think is really important here. And when I was a cadet at the United States Air Force Academy, the best thing I learned was no excuses, may have no excuses [Technical Difficulty] it's easy to point to the things that aren't your fault, they don't feel like they're your fault, but that was one of your basic answers. And we have tried to get that philosophy and still throughout United. What that means is it forces you to constantly get better. It's easy to have an MBA in a cubicle somewhere come in at 9:00 a.m. on Monday in an air-conditioned office and calculate how much some event outside of your control cost. And its right, I mean it's not that it's wrong. But that -- then that's the end of the story. If you have a no excuses mantra and you don't allow people to even go calculate those numbers, it forces people to go find innovation, creative ways to get better and better and better, so that you can overcome those things when they happen. And we have said it a few times on this call. We are the innovation leader in the airline industry around the globe and second place is far behind. And the no excuses philosophy is a big part of that. It forces us to do things that we wouldn't otherwise do if we let ourselves just look at the calendar or look at the bad things that happen and write those off. And so I think it's a really important cultural point that the team has on both the revenue side and the cost side. And I'm proud of the team for taking it to heart, our Chief Operating Officer is in the room, Toby, and he says it in a different way, but great. He says, -- we're talking about things like the weather. And it may not be our fault but it is our responsibility and that's the attitude we have here at United.
Mike Linenberg: And then just, Andrew, just on -- looking more towards the smaller cities in your network during COVID, I want to say there was probably 30 or 40 markets that you had pulled out of because of the pilot issue. It now feels like that that's been alleviated somewhat. When I think about your competitive moat in some of those markets you serve, you were the only game in town. I know Mike has mentioned some RASM -- or some CASM pressure in 2025, maybe related to some additional regional flying. I suspect that maybe some of those markets are coming back online, anything that you can add to that.
Andrew Nocella: Just briefly, the RJ network -- well, first of all, the RJ flying has pulled back up to its new run rate in Q4. And so that has -- it has come back in line a little bit quicker than we anticipated at the beginning of the year and they are smaller aircraft and they do pressure CASM. We also think they help RASM and profitability, which is, of course, why we've done it. We are back to full utilization on the RJs at our new run rate fleet. We announced a deal, I think, last week for 11 CRJ-550s with SkyWest, that aircraft has been actually much better than expected for United. So we're glad to be able to expand that, which allows us to better serve these smaller communities. But I also don't think there's a large scale change coming at United and how we serve these smaller communities. Our plan over the long run is slightly less scheduled [debt] with lower frequency with aircraft that are bigger that have lower unit costs. We said that with United Next a number of years ago, we continue down that road and down that philosophy. So expect the RJ fleet to still be around and do this thing, but it will become a smaller and smaller percentage of the business. And we will serve the smaller communities with a mixture of RJs and mainline jets and have the lowest cost possible in those communities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Trent with Citi.
Steve Trent: Linda, best wishes to you on your retirement. I wanted to ask, very good trajectory in terms of reduced leverage. Could you give us some high level view on how this could dovetail with your credit strategy, maybe investment grade rating on the horizon?
Mike Leskinen: As our margin expands and our leverage decreases, we expect we will have investment grade metrics and we're going to work very hard earn the trust of the credit rating agencies to get investment grade ratings to go along with those metrics. But 2 times -- less than 2 times net debt with margins that are double digit with an industry structure that is more resilient with United as the leader within that industry that's an investment grade company.
Steve Trent: And just one other quick question. You guys have some great partnerships with names like Copa and some of your Star Alliance fellows. Do you anticipate a fair bit of long term growth coming from these partnerships, or are we really going to think about organic drivers for the growth?
Mike Leskinen: Our partnerships are incredibly important to us and we do have the marquee names across the globe with great hubs that we plan to. However, our approach to growth is balanced. As I said earlier, we have the ability to grow profitably in our partner hubs but we also have the ability to grow just as profitably outside of our partner hubs. We do incredibly well to London Heathrow, for example, which is not a partner hub for us. And so I would expect a balanced approach to this, again, with the idea of expanded margins. But we will look to expand into new regions of the world that I think are uniquely supportable by habit hubs that are in New York and Washington D.C. and San Francisco, in particular. Those hubs just simply unlock the ability to fly to places like Marrakesh or Greenland or other places that we've recently added to the map. So international is an important part of United. We're clearly the largest of the big three flying overseas. We expect that to continue. But most importantly, we have really good margins, at least across two of those big entities today and we look to expand those margins going forward.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Leslie Josephs.
Leslie Josephs: I just wanted to ask around the election. I know one of your competitors talked about decline maybe a week before and a week after. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing? And then also in this quarter, seeing some really, really low fares to Europe kind of across the board, across airlines and destinations. And can you talk a little bit about that, what demand trends you're seeing? And if this is just kind of a maybe a function of a lot of capacity, maybe people traveled already or what -- kind of what's at play there?
Scott Kirby: In terms of the election, I think what we would say is a presidential election normally has an impact on RASM. Fewer people travel that week for the obvious reasons. And here we are, it's four years later and we are seeing the same thing. So I don't think there's anything to be surprised by. In terms of Europe, Europe has a very good outlook. We've had a very good nine months so far in Europe. We expect it to be good one for the rest of the year. If you see a great fare out there, I urge you and all your friends to buy it and take a trip to Europe. It's great in the winter, particularly Southern Europe, Rome is excellent in the winter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg.
Mary Schlangenstein: I wanted to see if you could go back a little bit on some of your comments about the outlook for Asia and China, and how that might be changing and whether United plans to add back any additional China, US routes anytime soon?
Scott Kirby: I'd say and I've said this in the past, China is just completely different for United today than it was pre-pandemic. We used to fly, I think, roughly 10 flights a day to China, and I think those days are gone. The demand environment is just entirely different. We just recently resumed Los Angeles to Shanghai and we're bringing that up to daily, that will bring us to three daily flights. And I really don't anticipate based on the demand we're seeing a lot more than that anytime soon. It's just a completely different world. The situation in terms of the RASM, which I was talking about earlier is, as we've gone back to what is now a full schedule to China, we're back to what I would describe as normal RASMs. And those RASMs came down significantly from -- during the pandemic time period where we used to fly a few flights per week. And so that has had a negative impact on our year-over-year RASM results across the Pacific for a number of quarters. However, that comes to an end in Q4 and in Q1 when we lap that completely. And therefore, the RASM impact -- the negative RASM impact of China will dissipate and we see this pivot that starts in Q4 and hopefully continues into next year.
Mary Schlangenstein: And can you give us an idea of the load factor on your China flights?
Scott Kirby: I don't have that in front of me, but not high enough.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rajesh Singh with Reuters.
Rajesh Singh: I have a question about Boeing's price. When does it start affecting your United schedule? And secondly, Emirates President, Tim Clark, recently said that Chapter 11 is looming on the horizon for Boeing. Do you share that view and have you done any contingency planning around that possibility?
Scott Kirby: It's hard to hear all of that, but we're not anticipating the outcome you described.
Rajesh Singh: And do you expect -- when does this strike start having an impact on your schedule?
Scott Kirby: It really does, its that's immediate when the aircraft have stopped delivering. But as I said in my earlier comments, we have -- we're encouraged that Boeing is focused on the long term. We want them focused on the long term. I talked to Kelly as recently as yesterday and appreciate his focus on the long term, and that's what we care about. It has a short-term impact but I think Boeing is positioning themselves for a strong turnaround in the long term.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Krista. And thanks to everyone joining the call today. Please contact Investor Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Happy Halloween.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2024. My name is Brianna, and I will be your conference facilitator today [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Brianna. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line and available to assist in the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you, Kristina. The United team produced another solid quarter. We did that while further sharpening our focus on improving our already strong safety culture over the last several months. Looking at a wide variety of metrics, our airline is safer than ever before with our culture rooted in constantly striving to make our airline safer for our employees and our customers. So we're continuing to work closely with the FAA and other partners to do exactly that. Additionally, thank you to our employees for delivering top tier operational performance amidst challenging weather, including Hurricane Beryl in Houston and getting our customers to their destinations safe and on time. While this is a quarter where industry capacity growth exceeded still solid demand, it was also a quarter that continued to show the industry developing along the lines that we've been anticipating for the past couple of years. The pressure other US airlines are experiencing today is due in large part to their unprofitable flying in many domestic markets. It was always inevitable that carriers would begin to cancel this unprofitable flying and you see that happening in earnest in the second half of August in the schedules. As a result, it appears that the domestic industry capacity growth will moderate by roughly 5 points by the fourth quarter compared to where we were in the second quarter, which should provide a constructive setup as we close out the year and a particularly beneficial backdrop heading into 2025. Since COVID began in early 2020, United has consistently been ahead of the curve on the big picture developments driving the industry. We're running the best operation in our history despite operating in the most difficult hubs in the world, Chicago, Newark and San Francisco and despite having more exposure to the issues at Boeing than any other airline in the world. Our people are proud of United and they have completely transformed the service and care for our customers. And we have the best commercial and revenue management teams in the world that are always on top of the demand environment, making strategic and technical adjustments to drive revenue. And the proof is in the pudding. We've now led the industry in domestic PRASM growth three years in a row, that cannot happen by accident. United Next was a great strategy but a great strategy only works with great execution. And that has allowed us to structurally and permanently change our position within the industry. And while we are proud of our relative outperformance to the industry, we also know that our absolute results are all that really matter. They're solid right now but I can already see the impact that the schedule changes are having on our advanced bookings and yields as we hit the mid-August industry capacity inflection point. And we are absolutely committed to our no excuses philosophy and controlling what we can to hit our guidance. And so while the industry is developing as we expected and our relative results are outperforming as we expected, we are not going to rely just on industry changes outside of our immediate control. We're also taking steps in the short term to ensure that we meet our targets. That includes aggressive cost management and reducing domestic capacity 300 basis points in the fourth quarter. The industry rationalization that we expected is beginning to play out, and we've reached the inflection point. The United Next plan continues to be the winning strategy for United. And as a result, we continue to expect to be within our full year 2024 EPS guidance range of $9 to $11 despite the tough industry environment around us. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. This quarter, we continued to achieve record operational performance, delivering the best on-time performance, completion factor and seat cancellation rate for a second quarter since the pandemic, while flying the most passengers in the quarter ever in our history, over 44 million. Looking across our network, Newark, our largest hub, broke several of its own records in 2Q with its April and May on-time departures being the best in company history. The FAA waiver allowing for better balance between the number of flights and with the runways, facilities in aerospace and safely and efficiently handle at Newark has enabled us to produce these results for our customers. Operational excellence was not limited to Newark. Six out of our seven hubs departed more on-time flights than our primary competitors. The improvements were made over the last year to adapt to a more challenging operating environment, have shown meaningful benefits to our reliability, particularly during times of the regular operations. Our strong operation, underpinned by our safety culture is translating into an even better customer experience and driving efficiency benefits to the bottom line. This would not have been possible without the commitment to operational excellence from our frontline employees. So thank you to all of them for their hard work. As I mentioned before, our strong operation is not only driving efficiency, but it is also positively impacting our customer experience. As a result, our NPS scores were the highest second quarter results since the pandemic. We're investing in all aspects of our product, including the introduction of Tillamook ice cream on board our aircraft. Additionally, the United app continues to be the most downloaded airline app with new features like seat preferences that automatically reseat customers when their preferred seat becomes available. This summer, we also started texting live radar maps to customers during weather delays, so they can stay informed about how increment weather in one part of the country can impact their journey. Investment in our leading product and customer experience will remain a key priority to United and will continue to differentiate us as a premier global US carrier. Shifting gears to our employees, I'm pleased to share that after a brief pause in pilot and flight attendant hiring classes due to the Boeing delivery delays for the months of May and June, we resumed these classes in July. Looking ahead, we have a busy end of summer in front of us. The United team continues to innovate and adapt to a complex operating environment. While Andrew will describe some of the near term trends, it's clear that United has a bright future, and we remain on track to deliver $9 to $11 in earnings per share this year. I'll now hand it over to Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. United today reported total revenues in Q2 of $15 billion, up 5.7% year-over-year. TRASM was down 2.4% on 8.3% more capacity year-over-year. We expect United's year-over-year unit revenues in Q2 to be the best of all our large peers. Domestic PRASM fell by 1.9% on 5.3% more capacity. As widely discussed, unprofitable industry capacity that exceeded still solid demand put pressure on domestic PRASM in 2Q. International PRASM fell by 3.6% on 12% more capacity year-over-year. Flights across the Atlantic had a small PRASM gain, while flights to Latin America and Asia continue to see declines year-over-year. Cargo yields have also stabilized at higher levels than forecasted, which is helping cushion some of the PRASM declines we have seen. MileagePlus had yet another strong quarter with revenues up 13%. Our three key revenue segments continue to gain ground. United gained ground in our key markets among frequent business road warrior travelers, which we continue to believe is due to our no-change fee policy, our diverse set of products, our leading global network and our award winning MileagePlus program. Revenue from these road warriors was up 11% in the quarter, while total passenger revenue was up 5%. Consolidated premium revenues increased by 8.5% to $7.4 billion. Premium capacity was up 9.1%. Demand for United's premium capacity, including the Economy Plus, was strong in the quarter, outperforming non-premium seats. Business load factor contribution in the Polaris cabin increased year-over-year by 2.6 points. Polaris and Premium Plus RASMs were up 1.4 points year-over-year. We also continue to see strong demand for our premium domestic first class product with sold load factors up 13 points versus 2019 and 8 points versus 2023. Contracted business revenues were up 10% year-over-year. Basic Economy revenues remained strong and were up 38% year-over-year. United plans to continue to increase the total number of seats we offer in basic as we grow our mainline gauge. However, basic as a percent of sales will likely stay stable or decline as we continue to expand higher margin premium capacity faster. When United offers basic fares for sale at competitive rates, we believe customers will always choose United first over a ULCC or an LCC, given the features of our product, which includes seat power and seatback entertainment along with the unmatched benefits of MileagePlus. Q2 revenue results for United and the industry did trail expectations. Looking back at the quarter now, it is increasingly clear that demand was, in fact, strong. It just could not keep up with the incremental industry domestic capacity added in 2024. Excess capacity, in turn, pressured yields. While July domestic industry capacity growth is published at similar levels to June, published capacity levels pivot in the second half of the quarter and beyond. Based on these schedules, we estimate that Q2 2024 industry scheduled domestic capacity increased by 6.6%. As we head into Q3, we expect July and the first half of August will look very much like June and Q2. We do see a step down in the second half of the quarter to 2.5% to 3% and through the overall quarter at about 4%. We also see the industry altering capacity on peak travel days more than usual later this summer. Peak day spill traffic is no longer filling up excess capacity on off-peak days such as Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday as it did in 2023 for leisure focused lower margin airlines. We can also see from our internal data that Latin America unit revenue trends have stabilized in Q3 and PRASM declines will moderate significantly for the first time since 2Q 2023. But Latin America and Deep South unit revenues were strong in Q2 and look good going forward. In the third quarter, we do expect Pacific PRASM to remain negative. We do not lap our 2023 expansion wave until the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, we'll also lap China's return and expect more normal unit revenues from China, which is currently a material headwind in the region. Growth rates for the Pacific will also moderate as we end the year. We expect premium cabin RASM in Q3 will once again outperform coach at a level stronger than Q2 as we continue to see growth of road warrior customers in United and the continued popularity of the many elevated products that we offer. Mid-August is clearly the pivot point we're expecting for some time as others race to adjust with what we believe is unprofitable flying heading into the period of seasonally less leisure demand. Competitive capacity overlap on United nonstop routes peaked in Q2, which will also help build better unit revenues for the second half of 2024 for United. We believe it's clear in our internal advanced revenue data for August that the pivot will be beneficial to United. Advanced PRASM for United are currently booked 4 to 5 points better in the second half of the quarter than the first. Unfortunately, this expected pivot occurs only for about half of Q3. So the revenue quality will continue to be impacted for the time being. We're encouraged by the yield improvement we see booked in the second half of the quarter. As we look towards Q4, we estimate that industry domestic capacity will only be up about 1.5% to 2.5% based on what's currently offered for sale. On off-peak days, capacity could be flat year-over-year. While our relative results indicate that United Next plan is working, we have decided to cut approximately 300 basis points of planned domestic capacity in the fourth quarter. While there are many macro issues outside of our control, the amount of capacity we offer is within it. This change will help us accelerate RASMs we see in the second half of Q3 into Q4 and beyond. As noted in our published schedules, we will be optimizing our capacity in Q4 by time of day and day week, similarly to what we did in Q1 of 2024, which was very successful in increasing our relative RASM results. With that, I'll say a great thanks to the United team for another strong quarter with industry leading financial and operational results. And I will hand it over to Mike to discuss our financial details.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thank you to the United team for all of their hard work this busy summer season. In the second quarter, we delivered pretax income of $1.8 billion. Our earnings per share of $4.14 came in ahead of expectations driven by good cost performance. In the quarter, we continued our no-excuses approach to managing the business to maximize profitability and to consistently deliver on our earnings guidance. The second quarter is another solid result despite some capacity headwinds to the industry. We have never been more confident that our United Next strategy is working. We've successfully differentiated our business and that will support sustainably higher profitability. Turning to costs in the quarter. Unit costs, excluding fuel, were up 2.1% year-over-year on 8.3% capacity growth versus the second quarter of last year. Our strong second quarter CASM-ex performance was driven by three factors. First, over the year our operations team has invested in technology and improved their processes to better recover from irregular operations. Our ability to recover faster leads to a more reliable operation, and a more reliable operation is a more cost efficient operation. Notably, crew related disruption expenses such as premium pay and deadheading costs are much lower than we have seen during similar events in prior years. The full impact of these improvements drove approximately 1 point of CASM-ex improvement in 2Q compared to our own expectations. Second, as yields softened throughout the quarter, we doubled down on expense management to ensure we hit our EPS guidance. As we've discussed before, we have a no-excuses mentality with respect to hitting our EPS guidance and we will do what is necessary in the quarter to achieve that. These specific actions led to another 0.5 point of CASM-ex improvement in the quarter versus our plan. Finally, approximately 0.5 point of CASM-ex is associated with the timing of maintenance events, which were delayed and will likely be seen in the second half of 2024. As we look to the third quarter, we expect industry capacity rationalization is beginning to take effect starting in mid-August. Money losing flights across the industry are being cut rapidly, thus supporting our confidence in our trajectory for both the third quarter and the full year. Our own third quarter system capacity plan moderates by approximately 3 points versus the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. While this is the correct action to take for United, this reduction in capacity along with the impact from Hurricane Beryl in Houston puts pressure on CASM-ex and makes the third quarter the high point for CASM-ex for the year. Altogether, with the revenue backdrop that Andrew described, we expect our third quarter earnings per share to be in the $2.75 to $3.25 range. As for the full year, we continue to expect to fall within our original EPS range of $9 to $11. I realize that many of you will immediately point out that this implies a better than normal seasonal pattern for Q4 versus Q3 earnings per share. That's accurate and it's what we expect. It has nothing to do with seasonality and everything to do with a better balance between supply and demand in the fourth quarter, which should lead to significantly higher yields and therefore, improved profitability. Andrew already touched on this, but I'd like to reiterate it. We aren't hoping for moderating industry supply. It's already happened and you can see it in published schedules and with our own reductions. Despite the excess industry capacity, it's clear demand for the United product remains strong and we expect our revenue growth to outperform the industry. Coupled with disciplined cost management, we expect United and one other airline to represent the vast majority of industry profits in 2024. On the fleet, in the second quarter, we took delivery of four Boeing MAX aircraft and five Airbus A321neo aircraft. We expect 66 aircraft deliveries in 2024. And with the movement of certain PDPs related to deliveries in future years, we now expect total adjusted capital expenditures to be less than $6.5 billion for the year. In the quarter, we generated $1.9 billion of free cash flow, while also continuing to invest in the business with almost $1 billion in capital expenditures. Earlier this month, we took advantage of this position to improve our balance sheet by voluntarily prepaying the $1.8 billion outstanding balance of MileagePlus term loan that had an interest rate near 11%. This reduction in high interest rate debt significantly reduces our interest burden. As of the end of the quarter, our adjusted net debt to EBITDAR was 2.6 times. I'm encouraged by our strong performance in the second quarter. Our team remains nimble as we've demonstrated our ability to adjust to an evolving environment. Thanks to the whole United team for their hard work. The United Next plan continues to run on all cylinders and our confidence has never been higher about the trajectory of our business. With that, I'll pass it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourselves to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brianna, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.
Jamie Baker: First one for Andrew. So look, American is still in the early innings of back paddling on some, not all, but some of the distribution and corporate contract revisions that they made last year. Curious what United is experiencing and what you're seeing and hearing, your conversations with corporate partners, how you expect commissions to trend over time, that sort of thing?
Andrew Nocella: Well, first, I'd say we don't believe there was a sudden material or a significant windfall to United when American attempted to disintermediate travel agencies and force companies to book direct. So I don't think there'll be a windfall as American flip flops again to this side. We've maintained really long term partnerships with our agencies and corporate partners. And what we did during this time period is we made sure that we put in long term arrangements to gain long term market share and make the corporations and the travel agencies more sticky to United. We'll see if that actually occurs. But I think the benefits of that are actually to come more than they are currently and are currently in our current revenue outlook. So that was our perspective on it. And we think that there's no sudden windfall to United as a result of their change.
Jamie Baker: And then second and maybe this is best for Scott. But just looking now at industry revenue to GDP, and I tend to use A4A figures just to remove forecast there. The recovery in this metric clearly stalled in the fourth quarter. It remains stalled in the first quarter. So we're still below that pre-COVID trend line. We've talked about this in the past and the possibility that post COVID increased consumer mobility could allow the metric to exceed the pre-COVID average. I'm just wondering if you still think that's a possibility and whether this even shapes how you think about growth, or perhaps it no longer factors into your thinking at all, which is fine. Just any thoughts on that topic?
Scott Kirby: Well, this will be a little geeky economics 202
Jamie Baker: Bring it on.
Scott Kirby: I think that absolutely, the airline revenue to GDP ratio is going to trend back. I'm not sure where it will close but it is going to trend back upwards. And I think if you went back and looked in history what you'd find is every time capacity gets ahead of demand, this ratio declined. The reason that happens is because demand for air travel is inelastic. Like the very first project I worked on when I was an analyst at American Airlines was estimating demand elasticity, it is inelastic, every bit of analysis you look at says that demand is inelastic. But when airlines get over their skis on capacity, they rush to get the load factors up and they lower prices and that lowers overall revenue. So it really is just as simple as this ratio goes down when supply exceeds demand. And so I'm not at all surprised to see that happen. I am incredibly encouraged to see the rapid response that is happening. We'll probably talk about it more as we go through the call today, but beginning mid-August, I mean I've been through these cycles with capacity many times in my career, this is the fastest response. It's also the biggest gap between the leading airlines and the other airlines, which I think is part of the reason the response is so fast, but the fastest response I've ever seen. So I expect that to close, I think -- but I think it's purely a function of capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Didora with Bank of America.
Andrew Didora: First question probably for Scott. Last night, Alaska announced more premium seating. There are reports out there, JetBlue could do the same. Obviously, a lot of discussion on your premium strength on the call today, certainly a tailwind. Just how do you think some of this premium RASM growth can trend from here, do you think some of it will be competed away? Or is the United product so unique that you feel like you can hold on to most of it here? Just would love your thoughts.
Andrew Nocella: I'll start off with first, and it's really important, United is a premium business airline not because it's the latest fad but because it's core to the hub system we operate from. Our hubs are in premium markets. Given the success of us and one other airline with a similar setup, it's no surprise that others are copying us with new cabins or expanded cabins as we've seen in the last few days. I think attempting to copy our segmentation plan when it's something that we've been implementing in earnest for more than seven years will be a challenge for anyone that does not operate from business center hubs. Our segmentation strategy is built on a complex set of products along with delivering excellent customer service. The ULCC business model in particular is built on simplicity not complexity. So our belief is our lead in the premium front is generational and not short term. And I'm not at all concerned about the changes of others. Maybe we're even a little bit flattered as they copy us.
Andrew Didora: And just a quick question, Mike, for Mike. Very nice cost execution in the quarter. Can you maybe help me understand some of the near term cost levers that you're able to pull as you see those -- the revenues coming in a little bit softer than expected? And are these just kind of timing related or are these costs that kind of permanently come out?
Mike Leskinen: Yes, it's a mixture. As I said in the call, running a strong operation is the best thing we can do for cost efficiency in the near term and the operational team has done a great job. We have some opportunities within tech ops also in this quarter, though. Some of those costs simply pushed to the right and were timing related. So you will see some pressure in 3Q. As we look longer term, some of the headwinds around CASM include labor deals that we're looking forward to finalize. We also expect to see some uplift in regional flying in the future. That will work against the gauge benefit that we expect over a two to three year time frame. And so that's another headwind. And look, as Andrew spoke about, our premium product is in great demand. And so we continue to make investments in our product, in our airports, in our catering. And those will add costs but we expect to add even more revenue. So those are some of the headwinds. Now tailwinds and we've been on this for several years but we have an idiosyncratic tailwind of gauge that is like no one else in the industry. And we continue to see some real opportunity from that. As we spoke about last quarter, we've now level loaded our skyline for aircraft. That's going to create a more stable growth pattern, which will allow us to hire more efficiently and make sure that every asset is staffed appropriately, allowing for more efficient growth. And then longer term, I do expect to have a more efficient maintenance operation. So a little bit of the puts and takes.
Scott Kirby: I'm going to actually pile on and give kudos to Mike, Jonathan Ireland and Toby, because much of what you see in this is a real structural changes. I mean Mike talked about the benefit that we've gotten from irregular operations. That team, the three of them combined with a lot of support from Jason Birnbaum, our Chief Information Officer, who's sitting in here with technology are really identifying the places where there's opportunity to pull permanent cost out. To me, like there's other places that it's happening, but the irregular operations expense improvement is one of the biggest proof points. And we just have a great team that is doing those kinds of things. We didn't build that into the budget at the start of the year. We didn't realize how successful it would be, they're doing a lot of other work like that. And I think we should have a really solid process and team for cost. And so while it was great to hit that in these quarters, that's something that is an example that is permanent and we'll always spend less on irregular operations than we did in the past. And I think there's a lot more of that to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: I think that many of us can buy into the idea that capacity is going to be rationalized near term, but the fear over the longer term is that someone is going to start to cheat again. So what's United's plan if the capacity reductions are just short term? Clearly, your margin structure has slipped, you're playing from an area of strength. But just curious on how you're going to approach a competitor set that's always looking to add supply at some point.
Andrew Nocella: Well, let me start off with my views. I mean the unprofitable capacity is just not sustainable. And we see the changes occurring, as Scott said. But as you think about this question, you normally look at the pretax margins and liquidity and margins. But we did the same. However, I think even more insightful is looking at the network health of our competitors and how that is different today than it's ever been in the past to answer your question about will the capacity come back. Our estimate is margins for the worst quartile of fly in for the five least profitable domestic centric airlines is negative 25% to 35% today. We estimate that the severely unprofitable capacity is almost 10% of domestic ASMs. In the past, the magnitude of the worst line, in my view, has never been this bad and from the lower margin airlines and the lower margin airlines never had such an overall gap to the higher margin airlines like United. I don't think one low margin airline failing or shrinking dramatically in any way will change the outcome for the others at this point, given the magnitude of the losses of the worst fly in. And the other thing that's really occurred that's very interesting is the gross fly ins by these carriers is also extremely unprofitable, the -- just the business plans, in some cases, they largely run their course and there's just no new opportunities available today. And so that set up is just really different and provides us with a backstop that we think that permanent change is on its way. Exactly when it occurred over the next quarter or two or three, it is hard to say. But it does feel like when you look at these facts and the magnitude of the worst quartile profitability that this is a very different environment and the capacity hopefully will be slow to come back. But it's -- only time will tell.
Conor Cunningham: And then I realized it's early, but you're making adjustments for the fourth quarter and the implications for 2025 could be significant. I know -- again, I realize you're not trying to give '25 capacity plans, but the United Next plan called for like 4% to 6% annual growth. Has that thought process changed given what's happening in the current environment today?
Andrew Nocella: You're right. We're not going to give the capacity guidance. What we are going to say is we're going to continue with some of the fundamentals of United Next, which improved -- improving connectivity was really, really important and we'll continue to do that as we go forward. The other thing to bear in mind is one of the key ingredients to United Next was the large narrow-body gauge and fleet size. And as of today, we're a 110 aircraft short on that. We kept smaller aircraft around to compensate for that. But the A321 at United today is operating with 8 margin points above that of the rest of the narrow-body lead. And we're really bullish as we get to the right fleet mix, one that all of our competitors already have in their business plans. We are going to continue to push the margins in the right direction. I think if you have anybody in the commercial team, they realize the importance of getting to a double digit margin soon and we're all rowing the boat in the same direction to achieve that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg: I know we have focused a lot on domestic capacity and it does feel pretty good as we move through the year. I guess one question on domestic. The 3 point reduction that you talked about in the fourth quarter, what's kind of the base or is that already loaded in the schedule or is that on the come?
Andrew Nocella: We're not going to give guidance for Q4 at this point. We haven't finalized our Q4 schedules but well [Multiple Speakers] that
Michael Linenberg: And then, Andrew, since I have you on flipping over to international. I'm sure you've seen the headlines recently from Lufthansa, even Qatar Airways, making a deal about too much capacity, although at times, it seems like pot calling the kettle black here. But what are you seeing internationally as from, I guess, competitively as things move over time? And I do realize that some of the [grade] coming out of the European carriers is in influx of capacity from Asian carriers to Europe. But maybe what are you seeing in some of your other major traffic lanes, is that a potential issue as we move from '24 to '25?
Andrew Nocella: And obviously, the Asia-European dynamic that I think a lot of airlines have cited now is not really one that all that relevant to United Airlines. So I don't think that negativity translates through to where we are. But what I would say is -- and we've been saying this for a while, but we do see a pivot. First, in the Pacific, last Q4, we were up 83% year-over-year in capacity. We more or less have got the Pacific back to pre-pandemic levels. And this year, we're going to be up high single digits. So we're obviously bullish about that transition. And then Latin America, South America has already pivoted to positive and we expect to close in Latin America to pivot as well and do dramatically better. And then the last point is we have said over and over again, we were taking a pause year on the Atlantic. Clearly, others did not choose to do so and our results across the Atlantic, I think, are a shining star of our plan, it worked. And so we are really happy with Atlantic. The Atlantic continues to look good going forward with extremely solid profitability. And so overall, I think international is fundamentally different than it was pre-pandemic and our results show that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Mike, just want to clarify a couple of things. So you had a comment about the implied fourth quarter guidance. Just want to make sure you feel like we should be tracking towards the midpoint of the full year guide. And then there was a comment in the release that says that you guys expect to have leading unit revenue performance among peers in the second half of the quarter. I know Delta talked about domestic RASM inflecting back positive in September. So I just want to make sure we're all on the same page and you think that you'll be positive on RASM exiting the quarter.
Mike Leskinen: I'll let Andrew talk about September PRASM. I will say that at this point in the year, $2 range on earnings per share, $9 to $11, so that's a range that in a more normal environment, I would have liked to narrow. You would expect to have more certainty now than we had back in January when we initially said it. But while we see this incredible inflection upon us in the industry, the precise timing in magnitude is difficult to call. And so as we look out to the third quarter and fourth quarter, current trends based on current yields, based on the current published capacity would put us at the low end of the $9 -- in the lower half of the $9 to $11 for the full year. But there are a ton of reasons to expect further reductions of unprofitable flying to push us higher. And so we very deliberately and had significant discussions internally, but very deliberately left the range wide and we are committing to hit something in that range. And you can all read the tea leaves as the data develops to decide where you want to make your own estimate. We're committing to the range.
Andrew Nocella: I'll just -- yes, I'll confirm the point. We do think that September PRASM for domestic will flip positive at this point based on the 4 to 5 point improvement we're seeing so far. We think that's going to hold. We also -- July will be the worst quarter of the year probably -- July will be the worst month for the year.
Scott Group: And then I don't know if you have any early thoughts on CapEx for next year, less than $6.5 billion this year. Any thoughts on directionally higher, lower or similar for next year?
Mike Leskinen: I think very little change from our prior guidance. We're targeting that 100 narrow bodies per year as we rebaseline the skyline, and nothing that we see right now would cause me to change that today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just on corporate, I think the last time we were together, you talked about improvement in the March quarter and basically holding serve in 2Q. I wonder if you could remind us your view on how recovered it is, both on a volume and on a revenue basis and your thoughts on potential improvement from here. Basically, what's baked into the guidance in terms of incremental improvement on corporate?
Andrew Nocella: The most important thing is it's a slow but steady improvement. I don't think we see a rapid change occurring anytime soon. It's recovered roughly to 100%. Obviously, that's far behind where it would otherwise be on a typical GDP relationship. And the load factor contribution of corporate is down more than a few points relative to 2019. So it is a much smaller percentage on the airplane. But as we look, for example, in Polaris this last few months, we found the Polaris business load factor to be up a point and the leisure -- premium leisure demand was down a point as we slowly transition back to corporate. But it's going to take a while but it is happening.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then maybe one for Mike. Can you just remind us what the next opportunities might be to pay down a high coupon debt? Obviously, you took down loyalty debt, high coupon loyalty debt as soon as it was prepayable. What are the next two to three opportunities on that front?
Mike Leskinen: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're now at 2.6 times trailing 12 month net debt-to-EBITDAR. Back in 2019, we were at 2.5 times. So we're already at pre-pandemic levels of leverage. We've got a tremendous amount of cash on the balance sheet, feel really good about the balance sheet for those reasons. We are also funding all of the organic growth to drive United Next. We are investing in our airplanes. We are investing in our people. Those two buckets are the first two priorities and calls on cash. The third call on cash is investor returns. And given where our balance sheet is and given the level of organic growth that we are funding, we now have a lot of flexibility to start to consider investor returns and to start to look at some further deleveraging. And so we'll see -- I see a mix of that going forward. Specifically to your question really there are no instruments that are prepayable right now that are of such high coupon like the 11% debt we just prepaid. There are no near term opportunities of that magnitude to prepay any more debt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Andrew, maybe this one is for you or Scott. I believe you made a comment that the spread of the unit revenue performance is going to [broaden] between the premium mix and the economy cabin. So slightly different than the comment on premium your competitor made. So I think your premium revenues were actually down on a PRASM basis. So I wonder how much of that is premium softening or is that more revenue management actions you guys are taking to help with the economy cabin?
Andrew Nocella: I'll give you the distinction. The premium cabin RASM was up. The premium RASM contribution was down and that's because of the definition of whether it includes Economy Plus or not. Economy Plus is obviously part of the main cabin. And Economy Plus was infiltrated by the yield weakness of the main cabin. And so we did see that issue and it resulted in the number that you just saw. But if you look at just the PRASM contribution of Polaris and Premium Plus and domestic first class, you would find that was up low single digits year-over-year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then maybe if we could talk about following up on, I think, Mike's question about Atlantic and regional capacity around the world. On Atlantic, how do you think that trends over the next four quarters, do we have the same sort of oversupply issue you don't seem to see that? And is that just given the fleet dynamics with wide-bodies and the premium cabin there can you maybe elaborate on that?
Andrew Nocella: Look, I think the Atlantic -- well, if you go back to last year, particularly June of last year, had one of the most unbelievable quarters we've ever seen, an unbelievable month in June. And we're actually doing a little bit better year-over-year and so we're really proud of that. And we, again, think we made the right capacity allocation choices to create that outcome better than our competitors did quite frankly. What I would say is capacity to Southern Europe, which is up 31% year-over-year this summer has pushed the limits of demand to Southern Europe. And that's just a fact. But the overall combination for United, including our Southern European performance, I think, has been pretty darn good given the comp from last year. And we are very careful on our scheduled plan for this year. And that careful nature continues all the way through the end of the year with our published schedules. So we feel good about the setup that the Atlantic will continue to look pretty good going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Mike, just a point of clarification here. I think maybe last quarter or two quarters ago, you said beyond 2024 CapEx should be in the $7 billion to $9 billion range. Is that with that anticipation of 100 narrow-body aircraft deliveries baked in?
Mike Leskinen: That's precisely correct.
Brandon Oglenski: And I guess maybe for my follow-up for Scott or for Mike. I mean I really appreciate the no-excuses mentality here. I think the Street likes your just EPS guidance and focusing on bottom line results. But I think you both would agree that you're below your next targets on margins right now and you are below profitability of last year, too. And I think part of the challenge for investors here because your multiple is quite low, and I think you both would agree on that as well. Your CapEx outlook here is roughly matching your operating cash flow. And I realize if you hit higher margins that you could offset some of that. But I think what investors are saying is, hey, why can't we see a more balanced capital allocation strategy, maybe a little bit less CapEx? And I think maybe investors are a little bit frustrated that with the Boeing delivery delays, the MAX 10 issues, you guys didn't back off capital spending a little bit more. So can you put that in context for folks and why taking so many aircraft in the future should be relatively beneficial?
Mike Leskinen: And I 100% understand where you're coming from. I care very deeply about creating shareholder value and free cash flow, driving free cash flow to shareholders over time, it's critical to driving our multiple higher. We get that. But our United Next strategy is working. Our confidence that based on the relative margins, the divergence between the haves and the have-nots, it's never been wider. So all of the evidence, it's not about being in a tunnel and wondering what that light in front of you is. That light in front of us is very bright and it's a sunny day. We don't know exactly how much longer the tunnel is. But we're coming out the other side in a very strong competitive position with a premium product that can't be copied and emulated by competitors with moats around our business that are going to drive higher margins. And so as those margins increase, we're going to have higher free cash flow and you're going to see those returns to our shareholders. I'd ask for a little bit more patience as we drive through. But all evidence is that the strategy is working, and therefore, you're not going to see us pull back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Savi Syth with Raymond James.
Savi Syth: Just on the Pacific comments made earlier, I realize that Pacific is not kind of back to where it was in 2019. But the mix there is different, notably like China is a lot lower. Are there any kind of meaningful implications on that mix change? And just how are you thinking about -- is there an opportunity for China to be much stronger than this or do you think this is kind of the new normal?
Andrew Nocella: Savi, I think it's the new normal. Demand for China is down dramatically than where it was in 2019. And it's also difficult to fly there because of the lack of Russian overflight ability. So those two combinations just make this the new normal. And so we've [adjusted], we're back to pre-pandemic capacity. We've reallocated the capacity, I think, in a more profitable way. Pacific is generating a solid margin. Obviously, the negative RASMs, particularly driven by China as China has fallen back to normal revenue performance caused year-over-year numbers for the Pacific to look a little funny. We again lapped that later this year and we'll be definitely, I think, beyond that after Q4.
Savi Syth: And maybe if I can ask just on the domestic market. Look, last year, there were a lot of kind of domestic players hurting and maybe an overcapacity situation but United didn't really experience it. I'm just curious about what might be different like second half '23 versus what you're seeing today? Is that just a composition of the capacity, is it kind of passenger behavior, is it pricing behavior? Just why is it -- why are you seeing the pain a little bit more today than -- and not necessarily in the second half of last year?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think it's all of the above, all those issues you just said. We've worked very hard to insulate ourselves from the changes, sometimes not very sound changes that are being made in the industry. And I think we did a great job of insuring [ourselves] against that, but it's not 100% insurance plan. And in this particular quarter the capacity growth was just so significant that it pressured yield in a way that it didn't, I mean, for example just in Q1. And our schedule changes in Q1 if you look at our RASM change domestically in Q1 along with the Atlantic, our schedule changes were incredibly effective, particularly during the offtake period and maybe less effective in a peak period as Q2. And that's one of the reasons I think we're excited to see how Q4 turns out because not only we've taken the same recipe book for Q1 and put it into Q4, which again had RASM changes that I don't think anybody in the industry expected out of United. But this time, the industry itself is, I think, even remarkably more different in Q4 of this year than it was in Q1 and how it's reacted and how it's changed. And again, it's changing because that fly in has extremely negative margins by many of our competitors. So that's a long answer to your, I think, very simple question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Just a couple of follow-ups here. I know you said you didn't want to commit to your own 4Q capacity plans. But do you have a sense of how much industry capacity still needs to come out of the fourth quarter to get that demand and supply in balance, especially kind of that would help push your guidance up to the top half of the range?
Andrew Nocella: I can't -- I don't know for sure. What I would tell you is our expectation is Q4 domestic capacity to be up approximately 2%, a little above or a little below is kind of our expectation.
Ravi Shanker: And maybe a second one. I think it's pretty clear that investors are looking forward to your Investor Day as a pretty significant catalyst for the stock, especially kind of for long term earnings and kind of updated United Next targets. Do you have a sense of when the timing of that would be and kind of when we'll hear more about that?
Mike Leskinen: We don't have a date scheduled yet. We're working on it. We are still targeting later this year and we'll be back if and when we schedule and finalize that date.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Fitzgerald with TD Cowen.
Tom Fitzgerald: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about connected media and what the feedback from customers has been, what the feedback from brands has been and just the timeline for that business to ramp?
Scott Kirby: Before Andrew answers the question, I'll use this, Tom, since you've replaced to say, yes, big shoes to fill in Helane. I wish her the best and I'm jealous of all her travels, tells me she's going to Greenland. I don't know if she's listening. Maybe she's already in Greenland but I cant get the conference call there and hope to still continue to send me book recommendations. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: On connected media, first, I think it's important that from a commercial perspective, we are always trying to innovate and come up with new things to drive earnings. And there's a lot of things on our book here that we haven't even begun to discuss, but connected media is one that we have announced. We expect a significant ramp up next year and we will discuss it in a lot more detail at the Investor Day. But it's going to be innovative, it's going to be really meaningful and really impactful for United Airlines going forward.
Tom Fitzgerald: And then just a quick one. Is there any noise around lapping the Tel Aviv flying in the fourth quarter this year that we should think about in our models?
Andrew Nocella: I don't think so. I mean Tel Aviv, when we pulled it out was obviously about 2% of United Airlines. I think that number surprised everybody. And obviously, it is lucrative flying for United to say the least. And so its loss was significant. I think we've worked on reestablishing and service safely for our colleagues and were flying it double daily today, and we intend to continue to expand to Tel Aviv and get back to our normal schedule. But we don't think resuming Tel Aviv is going to be a drag on RASM if that's the heart of your question.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News.
Mary Schlangenstein: Scott, you've been pretty vocal about your views on the [ULCCs] and the low margin airlines in the industry. But I'm wondering, given the comment earlier about the fact that they seem to be complicating their models now when their model is originally built on simplicity. Do you see that as being sort of an extra step that they're taking that may further speed their demise or whatever their eventual future is?
Andrew Nocella: Let me try to take it and Scott will correct me where I'm wrong. I think like when you -- first of all, you have to understand that the world has changed fundamentally. With no-change fees in Basic Economy, things are just not as they were pre-pandemic. And I think this core fact is often ignored in how people kind of set up the answer to what's going on today. But I'll give you a rundown of what I think the playbook is, and Scott can kind of add to it. First, when you face this type of problem, airlines generally push to grow out of the problem, but that usually doesn't work and this happened in the previous quarters. And I can recall this back when I worked for Continental Airlines in the late 1990s, quite frankly, in regards to something we called [cow light] at the time. I was just a junior analyst and I remember it very well. The second step is network churn, where you think, well, we picked the wrong markets and we can fix that. But the next set of markets is usually worse than these markets you're flying today. Then the next change is business model changes, right? We noticed Airline X is doing something different from us, let's match. That's really hard and slow. I think the next step is that everybody thinks, well, let's go premium. But that's a generational adjustment that just does not occur over a few quarters. And then the next one is let's push capacity on good days and months but cut hard on off peak and that's really hard to do because it's an inefficient use of assets. And then the next one is closing schedule changes because you're really concerned about your P&L and what's going on. And I think we see a lot of closing schedule changes today from many of our competitors. And then the last part is you just shrink. And so I think these business models are simplistic and it'll be very difficult to make complex without adding a lot of costs. So hopefully, that helps answer the question. Scott, anything to add to that?
Scott Kirby: The play is almost over.
Andrew Nocella: There you go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Claire Bushey, Financial Times.
Claire Bushey: This is a question for Scott. How worried are you that delays by manufacturers in delivering new, more fuel efficient jets is hampering the industry's progress on cutting emissions as carriers are forced to fly older planes for longer?
Scott Kirby: I don't think that's really the issue. I think the only way to decarbonize aviation really is sustainable aviation fuel. And the ability to get more efficient airplanes is nice but that's sort of measured in the 1%, 2% kind of improvement across the industry. Really getting a sustainable and viable, [fast] industry is how you get to ultimately 100%, which is our goal to get to 100%. That's why United is leading around the world, our United aviation fund. We're investing -- this is an industry that's still being built, it's in the nascent phases today. It's in the investment, it's in the R&D, it's in the research. We understand the chemistry, we understand the technology but we're now at the point where we've got to commercialize that. And so I think that keeping our eye on that ball is critical to decarbonizing what is an otherwise really hard to decarbonize industry.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Brianna. And thanks for everyone joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions. Hope everyone has a great summer and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 12:20:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2024. My name is Krista, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Krista. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Kristina. And good morning to everyone on the call today. Before we dive into our Q1 earnings performance, I want to start by talking about the issue that always comes first at United, safety. Safety is the fundamental pillar of our core for net safe, caring, dependable and efficient, and in that order. Safety is at the core of everything we do at our airline to make United a success. As you've read, the FAA recently began evaluating several elements of our operations to ensure we're doing all we can to drive safety compliance. We welcome the FAA's engagement and we are embracing this review as an opportunity to take our safety culture standards to an even higher level. As we undergo this review, I have confidence that first we have a strong foundation and a culture of safety here at United, including training, systems, processes and reporting culture, and that's backed up by our strong track record and success of our safety protocols. Second, through the FAA review, I'm confident that we will uncover opportunities to make our airline even safer. At United, we have the best team of airline professionals in the world and we're committed to embracing this opportunity to make the best airline in the world even better for our customers and employees. Now to our Q1 earnings. We delivered a strong first quarter and it's clear the Uniteds Next plan continues to put our airline on a bright path. Notably, we saw meaningful year-over-year margin improvement in the first quarter, and if the Boeing MAX 9 hadn't been grounded, we would've been profitable for the quarter. Our United Next plan continued to demonstrate resilience and challenging industry conditions as we faced further significant aircraft delivery delays. These delays are driving temporarily higher costs this year but we've been able to find ways to offset most of those headwinds. On demand, we see continued positive momentum and bookings across all customer segments from the most price sensitive customers to domestic road warriors and up to the premium global customer. Our cost management and clear demand for the United product continue to support our confidence in the United Next strategy in full year 2024 EPS of $9 to $11. In conclusion, I'm proud of the United team for delivering top tier operational and financial results. Thank you for all the work you do that makes us the airline that customers choose to fly. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work this quarter as we navigated through the grounding of the Boeing MAX 9 fleet. We recovered well and got our customers to their destinations with limited disruption. As Scott mentioned, together with the FAA, we have begun an in-depth review of our processes and procedures. These reviews are being taken very seriously and we will see this as an opportunity to further strengthen our commitment to safety. As we work through this safety review with the FAA, certain certifications will be delayed. As a result of this, we expect a small number of aircraft scheduled for delivery in the second quarter to be delayed. We expect this to have a minimal impact to our 2024 capacity plans. I am confident that we will be able to successfully look back on this review process, resulting in an even better airline for our customers, employees and shareholders. On the employee front, we reached a tentative agreement with the IBT for a four year extension to their existing contract. We expect to hear if it is ratified by their membership in the next few days. Taking a look at our operation. In the first quarter, we delivered top-tier service to our customers. We had our second best on-time departure performance in the first quarter in our history excluding pandemic years. This resulted in being second in the industry in on-time departures for the seventh month in a row. Additionally, our widebody operation had the company's best on-time performance since the pandemic. We accomplished all of this while having the price seat factor for any first quarter in our history. This is a great testament to the hard work of our team. In addition to strong operational performance, we also continue to make customer enhancements that have driven up our Net Promoter Scores. Some of these include continuing to retrofit our existing mainline fleet with signature interiors that feature larger overhead bins, in-flight entertainment and every seat back and Bluetooth connectivity. Signature interior aircraft were 9 points higher an on-time NPS compared to the rest of the narrow-body fleet. And we are on track for 50% of our North America fleet that have signature interiors by the end of the year. We were the first US airline to offer MileagePlus pooling, allowing customers to share and use miles with their friends and families. We've also partnered with the TSA to launch TSA PreCheck Touchless ID at O'Hare and LAX, which uses biometrics to enable customers to pass through the TSA line faster and without having to pull out their ID. Running a reliable operation and enhancing the customer experience continues to differentiate United. These encouraging operational results and improved Net Promoter Scores combined with our focus on safety by creating strong momentum for the rest of 2024. I will now turn it over to Andrew to talk about the revenue environment.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. United's revenue and financial performance will be top tier in Q1. And as Scott and Brett mentioned, we also had strong operational results. Without the ground into the MAX 9, we clearly would have produced a profit in the quarter. Looking back at 2023, we did have a great year, particularly in Q2 and Q3. However, United's relative financial performance in Q1 of 2023 did not meet our expectations. Improving United's absolute and relative Q1 margin is something we're very focused on to achieve our long term financial targets. Q1 has always been our most challenged quarter financially. Post pandemic Q1 seasonality worsened due to decreases in corporate business. For the first quarter of 2024, we took the lessons from 2023 and carefully refined our commercial plan with encouraging results. A few of our domestic capacity changes in Q1 included Florida capacity increased 20% with financial results well above our system average. Las Vegas capacity increased 7%, again, with strong financial results. Margins on off-peak early AM and late PM flights improved by 12 points year-over-year and margins on off-peak days improved by 11 points, driven by United changes and industry changes. In making these changes to how we deploy capacity in Q1, we sacrificed about 1 point of narrowbody utilization year-over-year. But in exchange, we offered a schedule that was more attractive to passengers with better departure and arrival times and more profitable for United, lower utilization also enhanced our reliability. We believe our Q1 2024 results set United up for producing profitable first quarters in the upcoming years and show our agility on adjusting our plan to meet new challenges. Turning to our overall revenue performance in the first quarter. Revenue increased 9.7% on 9.1% more capacity. Consolidated TRASM was up 0.6% and PRASM was up 1%. Domestic PRASM increased 6.1%, which we expect to be industry leading year-over-year while international PRASM was down 4.2%. Domestic revenue results were also well above our expectations on strong demand and did help offset lower RASM year-over-year from global flying and Latin America. United's domestic RASM gains since 2019 lead the industry even with United having the largest increase in aircraft gauge of any US airline. United's domestic network has been starved of gauge historically. I think our domestic RASM results in Q1 yet again showed that not all industry capacity is created equally, considering the marginal RASM performance of growth ASMs at other airlines versus United. Cargo revenue decreased 1.8% year-over-year and we're hopeful that this is the last year-over-year decline we'll see in the near term. MileagePlus had another strong quarter with revenue up 15%. United's premier frequent flyer new members are more engaged than ever by flying and using one of our co-brand credit cards. Managed corporate travel in Q1 was up 14% year-over-year. Yields for managed travel will be faster than non-managed travel due to stronger close-in pricing and refined discounting guidelines. The strength of the business traffic rebound is a nice development for an airline like United. Latin American PRASM was down 12.7%. Weakness was felt in near Latin America markets for the most part versus South America. We are pleased with our capacity growth across Pacific where capacity was up 66% and PRASM was down 12.9%. However, we do plan to make capacity adjustments to a small number of underperforming routes later this year. Q1 performance for United's Atlantic line was up with strong PRASM 11% up. We saw a material rebound in London where Polaris revenues were up 8% on 11% less capacity. We saw weakness to Germany offset by strengths in Southern Europe and Africa where we increased capacity. United's efforts to build our brand in premium product choices while reducing customer friction is having a noticeable positive impact on our results as we gain share across the network for leisure and business travelers. For our road warrior or frequent flyer business customers, United elimination of change fees, the functionality of our app to manage their entire travel experience, improvements to MileagePlus and the steady increase in United Club facilities has resulted in improving share. However, we cannot understate the importance of the elimination of change fees, which is a game changer for how people feel about United. United's focus on premium products has matched well with increased consumer demand for our premium seat choices. We believe this focus has diversified and made our revenues less cyclical in the long run. Premium passenger revenue mix improved 1.9 points versus Q1 2023 and 3 points versus Q1 2019. In other words, we're seeing near-term acceleration. Premium revenues were up 14% year-over-year on 10% more capacity and we estimate that United's premium revenue streams lead the industry. While our largest focus is on growing premium revenues, we also believe our rollout of Basic Economy is a critical competitive tool and important to attracting customers of all types in our core geography. Basic Economy sales trends in Q1 were up 35% year-over-year. Basic has clearly changed our competitive stance versus the ULCCs. Larger narrowbody jets are also increasing Uniteds gates faster with more premium seats than any other US airline. We are absorbing this gauge increase well, which can be easily measured in our continued domestic RASM growth relative to others. We continue to plan for further gauge growth between 2025 and 2027 with our expanded MAX 9 and A321 fleet. Other product innovations are planned with the goal of increasing choice for customers, expanding premium revenue streams and segmenting demand. Uniteds gauge growth will also create further cost convergence. More importantly, gauge growth provides consumers a wide range of premium seat choices that they want and that we have proven we can monetize. For Q2, we continue to see strong domestic and Atlantic demand with positive RASM results tempered by the Pacific where we expect a negative result year-over-year. We also expect Latin America will have a materially negative PRASM result year-over-year in the quarter. As we think about the second half of 2024, we do like the macro setup, particularly for domestic capacity where we think we can continue RASM growth above industry average. We are focused on building connectivity in our core non-coastal hubs in 2024 with both new mainline jets and with enhanced RJ capabilities. With that, I want to congratulate the entire United team on a job well done and turn over the call to Mike to discuss our financial results and updated fleet plan. Mike?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thank you to the United team for the tremendous effort as we work through the grounding of the Boeing MAX 9 fleet and entered the peak spring break travel season. In the first quarter, we produced pretax loss of $79 million, a $187 million improvement over the first quarter of last year. Our loss per share of $0.15 was better than our guidance and well ahead of consensus expectations, driven by both strong revenue results and disciplined expense management. The grounding of the Boeing MAX 9 fleet negatively impacted our earnings by more than $200 million and without it, we would have had a profitable quarter. We also generated $1.5 billion in free cash flow and our adjusted net debt to EBITDAR of 2.7 times is back to pre-pandemic levels. These are strong results in what is our seasonally weakest quarter and they provide another proof point that our United. Next plan is working. Before I turn to the outlook, I'd like to address the changes we made with Boeing and Airbus, to optimize the delivery skyline. Boeing's repeated delivery delays had created an impractical bow wave of aircraft deliveries that both United to address, and we have. In 2024, we now expect to take delivery of 61 narrowbody aircraft and five widebody aircraft. This compares to our contractual deliveries of 183 narrowbody aircraft at year-end and the 101 aircraft we were planning for at the start of the year. Due to these fleet changes, we now expect full year 2024 total capital expenditures to be approximately $6.5 billion, down from $9 billion at the start of the year. We've also made changes to level out our fleet plan for 2025 through 2027. This modified fleet plan allows us to execute on our long-term goals while also smoothing out the pace of deliveries and our annual CapEx spend. We've converted a near term portion of our MAX 10 deliveries scheduled through 2027 into MAX 9s. Additionally, we have signed letters of intent to lease 35 new Airbus A321neos with CFM engines scheduled for delivery in 2026 and 2027. With these changes, we now anticipate taking delivery of approximately 100 narrowbody aircraft on average each year during this three-year period. This delivery schedule provides fleet renewal, steady growth and addresses the bow wave of aircraft delivery delays that had been building. These changes bring our total adjusted capital expenditures in 2025 through 2027 to the $7 billion to $9 billion range in each of those years. Balancing our United Next growth plan and managing the business towards positive free cash flow remain top priorities. And with the rebalanced skyline, we are targeting positive and growing free cash flow over the next three years. While we will provide an updated long-term earnings target later this year, we are confident we are on a path to higher earnings, better margins and materially stronger free cash conversion. Now turning to costs. Unit costs trended as expected during the quarter and were up 4.7% year-over-year on 9.1% capacity growth. As I mentioned, it was challenging to re-optimize our expenses with the uncertainty created by the MAX grounding and continued delays to our aircraft deliveries. While our underlying costs are consistent with our forecast at the beginning of the year, it's important to understand that the continued reduction in capacity from delivery delays will continue to temporarily pressure our CASM-ex for all of 2024. As we entered the year we built a business plan for a larger airline, and deliveries have fallen more than 40 aircraft short of our expectations. We continue to incur most of the expenses as we hired for that capacity despite flying fewer ASMs and it is driving almost a point of CASM-ex pressure. We are working diligently to reduce these costs as much as possible and our higher completion factor has helped offset some of it. For the second quarter, we expect CASM-ex to be similar on a year-over-year basis versus the first quarter. Given our expectation for costs and our current outlook for revenue and fuel, we expect second quarter earnings per share to be between $3.75 and $4.25. We have great momentum. Our United Next plan is working and the future for United and our industry has never looked brighter. Our margins are already near the top of the industry and we still have significant and unique network and gauge opportunities in front of us. United has never been in a stronger competitive position. We have developed a wide variety of products that are compelling to a wide variety of customers. And as a result, they are increasingly choosing to fly United. I remain excited about our future and believe we're firmly on track to deliver $9 to $11 in earnings per share this year. With that, I'll pass it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Krista, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Didora from Bank of America.
Andrew Didora: I guess first one is for Mike or Scott. I guess, with your new CapEx forecast that I'm sure are not yet set in stone given there are a lot of moving parts here. It certainly implies much more consistent free cash flow generation over the next few years. How are you thinking about maybe deploying that capital, where do you see the best fit for that going forward?
Mike Leskinen: I'll take that question. Andrew, as I said in my prepared remarks, our net leverage is currently 2.7 times -- our net leverage is 2.7 times, which puts us back in the range of pre-pandemic levels. In fact, in 2019, we were at 2.5 times, in 2018, we're at 3 times. As we look at the path forward, I expect to see continued deleveraging. We also have -- we also still have some high coupon debt outstanding. A piece of our MileagePlus debt, $1.8 billion becomes prepayable in July, that debt is still yielding over 10%. So that will be my near-term priority is to take care of that debt. After that, with the -- on our way to investment grade credit metrics, we're going to have a tremendous amount of flexibility and we'll revisit other uses of free cash at that time. But you're going to have to stay tuned.
Andrew Didora: Just a follow-up question for Andrew. Just on the corporate commentary and the strong transatlantic, I know you cited Heathrow in your prepared remarks. Should we read into that, that corporate was a big driver of the results in 1Q on transatlantic, or any other call-outs that you would have just to get a sense for what's driving the outperformance there?
Andrew Nocella: As I said, I mean, corporate was strong across the board, not just in London Heathrow to be clear. We saw strength domestically and around the globe. So it's great to see. We saw, I think, nine of our top 10 corporate booking days this year in our history, which is also really strong. So really across the board. The strongest industries are professional services, tech and industrials, but every -- I think just about every sector was up in the numbers this year. And I just think it reflects on where that's going. And as I said in my earlier script, Q1 corporate is really important to us. And the fact that Q1 is gaining strength, corporate is really very good for our outlook for future Q1s.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I wanted to ask domestic PRASM up 6% year-over-year in Q1 was double that of one of your peers that have reported so far. Curious how you would attribute that to the strong performance across the Mid-Con restoration, corporate, share gains in either premium or basic? You've touched upon that a little bit. But then maybe as a follow-up as well, how are you thinking about that sustaining domestic unit revenues here with industry capacity?
Scott Kirby: I'm going to start it and then turn it to Andrew for the more tactical answer, but I'm going to take a bigger picture, I think, more strategic approach to the question. And I'd start by saying, we've been at least trying to tell you over the last several years, how we thought the industry was developing the strategy behind United Next, and since everything that we've said and that has worked, but it hasn't resonated. So I'm going to try a different approach today. And really what is happening and there's a couple of airlines that have what I'm describing. But what has happened is we have -- the industry has structurally changed and United and at least one other have essentially a moat around our business now that never uses it before. The moat, by the way, to be clear, is a moat that is based on having a better proposition for customers. We have a better product, we have a better network, we have a better loyalty program and they choose to fly us. And what makes it unique? Other airlines can have a piece of that, but what makes a couple of airlines unique is we have great products, we have great service, we have a global network, it's hard to replicate. We can get you to Singapore, two destinations in New Zealand, three in Australia, Cape Town, Marrakesh, [indiscernible] Paris and hundreds more. And we also have a great loyalty program, and the ability to go to the exciting aspirational destinations causes people to want to be a part of the program. And it's really sticky when you're doing it well and you are doing it right. But in the past, that moat was breached in two ways, two significant ways. One, there are a large segment of customers for whom change fees, trumps everything else, particularly small business travelers, what I call domestic road warriors. And when we had change fees and we had a large competitor that didn't they would choose that large competitor. Even though all of our advantages may have existed, the change fees trumpet. It turns out that segment of the traveling public appears to be even larger than I appreciated. And we're now winning them because our natural advantages win. So we've closed off that breach. The second breach that we had was for price sensitive customers who want a disaggregated price, and that took us time to repair that and to address that and to create a product for those customers. But there's two things that we had to do. One, we had to create a great Basic Economy product, which we've done. But secondly and maybe more importantly, we had to have higher gauge. We had to be able to sell those seats profitably and in meaningful numbers in order to make that product real and make that competitive and to seal up that breach. And we have now done those two things. That is a huge part of what United Next was about. And those are structural changes. The moat that I described where we have great service, we also have a great global network, which leads to a great loyalty program is structural and it is permanent. And to your point about is this temporary or is it going to go on for? This is the new normal. There's a couple of airlines that are in this category, we're the highest margin airlines now. That is going to be the case going forward, because this was a structural change, no longer theoretical, this has happened. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: Well, it's hard to follow that. I mean, on the tactics, the one that I would bring up at a very high level would be, we went into the quarter not trying to maximize aircraft utilization, particularly in seasonally Q1, which is weaker. We went in trying to maximize our profitability and I think it works. And I'm really proud of the team for all the changes we made across the network because I think they're incredibly effective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Just going back to the comment on you taking advantage of the number of opportunities in the US domestic market. Can you just maybe elaborate a little bit more on that? You talked a little bit about Florida and Las Vegas. Is there any learnings that you have that you go into peak season or is it more of just a shoulder comment as you kind of take advantage of some of the other issues that some of the other carriers are dealing with in general?
Andrew Nocella: Well, as Scott said, the United Next vision here goes across all quarters. But in Q1, we definitely did see a lot of opportunity to continue to take advantage of things that were in our control. And within our control is the ability to continue to pivot the airline to more sunshine type markets like Florida and the Caribbean, and we did so, I think, with great success. In Las Vegas, we put in that category as well that our capacity deployed there was incredibly effective. The other thing is we knew off-peak periods in Q1, it's not a time to max by utilization. And we took this opportunity to reschedule the airline to make sure that we were not offering unproductive capacity, and I think that worked very effectively. Below all that or above all that, how you look at it, was just the core building of connectivity across our hubs. It's working exactly as we intended to do. We still have ways to go on this front. It will be 2026 or 2027 before the connectivity reaches, I think, our desired levels. And so we're pretty bullish on our ability to continue to outpace domestic RASM growth offered up by or competitors.
Conor Cunningham: Maybe actually sticking with that specifically. I get the fact that you and Delta have distanced yourself from some of your competitors, and that's pretty obvious at this point, I think. And just -- but your performance relative to Delta sticks out pretty meaningfully. And I was just -- maybe you could just elaborate a little bit more on what's uniquely United, because when I think about it, I think that you have a more -- a bigger opportunity on premium. You talk a lot about upgauging, but a lot of that has to do with fleet delivery. So I'm just trying to understand on how you kind of close the gap or continue to separate yourself, I should say, from the peers this year?
Andrew Nocella: We continue to drive the United Next strategy. And you're absolutely correct, the aircraft that we'll take delivery of come with a lot more premium seat options. Our premium mix this year is up 1.1 points year-over-year in terms of revenue, which is, I think, a very significant change in a very short period of time. And we are going to continue to push that, but we're also going to continue to push Basic Economy. So our premium mix is up, while our Basic Economy is up and that's exactly the kind of the recipe we're looking for in our diversified revenue streams. And briefly on the global network, it's second to none. It's number one across the Atlantic and number one across the Pacific. And the changes we've made have just been, I think, pretty productive and efficient and accretive, and there's actually quite a bit of more of that to come. So I don't know if that exactly answers your question. But the outlook, I think, is very bright. The premium revenue strategy is working incredibly effectively and we're going to continue to push it and we think there's more room to close that gap.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker from JPMorgan.
Jamie Baker: First one, probably for Andrew. So I've been following this Polaris press for champagne topic on social media. And I'll admit, in all seriousness, as an analyst, I'm intrigued by the notion of potentially unbundling the forward cabin. The evolution in economy is well chronicled at this point, but we haven't seen much change upfront. You had the -- the passenger that books last pays the most, but has the same experience as the passenger of the books early and pay the least, the way it used to be in economy. Is this something I should even be thinking about or is it a waste of my time?
Andrew Nocella: I won't dictate how you use your time, Jamie. But
Scott Kirby: I heard they delete TikTok
Jamie Baker: Well, that wasn't the point
Andrew Nocella: What I would say is we continue to believe that there's ways to further diversify our revenue streams and segment them. And we continue to believe that there is more opportunity for premium products that we don't have on board the aircraft today. And those incremental premium products, I'm not going to announce it today, but I can tell you, you have many teams of people work on how to further innovate and provide more and more choice and to monetize that choice on our behalf, obviously, in the future. So I think that headline was just a hint more to come and a lot of people working hard at United to make sure that we can differentiate ourselves not only from our US competitors, but many of our competitors around the globe.
Jamie Baker: And then second, and whoever wants to take this, but when you initially introduced United Next and its growth plan, aircraft were being delivered on time, the discount model wasn't impaired domestically. So it was pretty easy for us to map out how your capacity share would ramp over time. Obviously, everything has changed since that. My question is on a relative basis to the US industry, so considering these constraints on capacity. Does the new fleet plan keep your relative position on track with the United Next plan? It actually seems to me like you might be somewhat ahead of the plan on market share, but there are quite a few OA assumptions that I have to make there.
Andrew Nocella: There's a lot of moving pieces. So I'm not going to specifically answer the question. Our market share across every single one of our hubs is obviously improving and improving quicker than our capacity this year. This year, we're domestically, I think the next six months are growing less than our competitors, it's TBD on what our competitors are going to do. But we're focused on delivering the United Next plan we've created and all the value that's being generated from that. And our coastal hubs are the second to none as we've talked about a million times. But getting our core Mid-Continent hubs up to their critical connectivity levels is a big, big focus and its just paying back dividends left and right, and we think it will continue to do so. What exactly our competitors do, I just don't know. We will continue to face struggles on the delivery schemes from Boeing and Airbus. But hopefully, as Michael talked about, we've built in the appropriate insurance plans for all of that. So you can say better on plan
Jamie Baker: But suffice to say, you haven't fallen behind on a relative basis to the industry?
Andrew Nocella: It depends on what you're measuring. If you're measuring market share in our hubs, absolutely not.
Mike Leskinen: Jamie, I'd encourage you to measure profitability and our relative profitability, that's certainly what we're focused on here in United.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: So speaking of TikTok, Scott, your industry commentary is usually very insightful. So I'd love your thoughts on the current headline risk to the industry from the incidents that may be out there. Kind of is this just a social media [indiscernible] or is it a pandemic hangover thing, is the lack of new aircraft thing, is the labor thing? What's your view on how the industry is going to assure its customers that flying is as safe its going to be?
Scott Kirby: Well, safety is the number one priority at United, but I also know it is the number one priority at all of our US competitors. This is one of the places where we don't compete. And one of the actually reasons that aviation is not just the safest way to travel, it is by far, the orders of magnitude better than other forms of travel. And one of the reasons is because -- and in safety, we share data with each other, we share all the incidents and events that happen and we learn from each other and that's what makes us so strong. I also know at United, we have a great foundation, a leading foundation and we're proud of it, of our training, our systems, our process and our reporting culture. But it's also true that there was -- while they were unrelated, a cluster of several high-profile events that have happened at United and in the industry. And I think that is an opportunity for us to take what is already -- to step back and take what is already a very high standard of safety and find ways to make it even higher. That's why certainly at United, we're embracing this as an opportunity. There are already a lot of things we've done but there are going to be more that we do, embracing this as truly an opportunity to take the already high standards to an even higher level, and I'm confident that we will do that. We can do that while running a great airline for our customers, for our employees and for our shareholders. We can do all those things at the same time and we'll come out even better on the other side, not just at United but for the whole industry.
Ravi Shanker: And maybe as a follow-up, the pooling miles is a very interesting idea. Can you just unpack that a little bit kind of what may be launched at this time, kind of what are some of the cost or revenue implications thereof? And what do you think some of the benefits might be to United and our customers as you roll that out?
Andrew Nocella: Well, we're always trying to make MileagePlus miles more useful for our members so they can enjoy the benefits. And there are a number of members that alone couldn't get that trip to Tahiti or wherever they're trying to go and the pooling option allows them a better chance of doing that. I think it comes at a minimal no cost to United but it definitely enhances the value of the program. It's, I think, pretty unique among the largest airlines and we look forward to seeing how it goes. So we urge you to pull your family members and see what you can do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duane Pfenningwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfenningwerth: Just on the longer term CapEx, certainly appreciate you have to have a plan at a point in time based on the facts available. But how do you think about the path to a pickup in deliveries required to hit that 2025 and beyond, what are the dependencies in your mind? And I guess, what are the odds we enter 2025 the same way we did this year with that 100 or so more of a placeholder than a realistic target?
Mike Leskinen: And I do want to kick off the question by reiterating how important generating free cash over the long term is to us here at United and we understand too our shareholders. So that is something we are balancing. We gave you a range for CapEx of $7 billion to $9 billion. We gave you a range because it's an acknowledgment that there's some uncertainty around the OEM delivery schedules and production rates. We also are managing this business to maximize profitability. And so make no mistake, we'll manage our deliveries as well in a way that captures the macroeconomic environment at the time. In three years, a lot can happen in three years. As I think about uncertainty for '25 and '26 in a stable macro economy, 787 production rates can -- Boeing continue to increase rates, that's going to be really critical also for the 737 line, are they able to increase production rates. So we'll watch that closely. I want to be clear that what we are giving is our expectation. Our expectation builds in some hedge that production rates don't increase at the rate that Boeing hopes. There is -- so there's upside risk and downside risk to CapEx as a result. I think we're going to be managing that $7 billion to $9 billion range, and that's why we wanted to share that with all of you today.
Duane Pfenningwerth: And then maybe just a quick one for Andrew. And I've asked this before, I'm sorry if it's a little waste of time. But on international inbound or maybe a different way to say it, ex-US point of sale, where does that stand today? And as you think about your entities or geographies, are any of those starting to pick back up in terms of ex-US point of sale, are you seeing any inflections?
Andrew Nocella: I would say, yes, we are seeing progress. The one place we look to the most is Germany and core Europe, and that's still trails. So hopefully, that will continue to move forward. But I think we're seeing really progress across the whole globe on rebalancing and being a little bit less dependent on the US consumer to drive the global network.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Savi Syth from Raymond James.
Savi Syth: I was just wondering on that 100 narrowbody aircraft per year. Just what's the thought on the mix of growth versus replacement? And I guess, asked another way, I appreciate, Mike, you mentioned kind of taking into account macro realities. But what's the right level of kind of domestic growth as you kind of look over the next three to four years, assuming you can get the aircraft delivered?
Mike Leskinen: And for our growth rate in 2025, '26 and '27, you're going to have to wait for Investor Day later in the year. The 100 aircraft, we have the ability to fly some of our older aircraft longer. And given the delays from Boeing and Airbus, I would expect again, macro economy dependent that we would continue to fly our existing fleet until end of life when they're at heavy checks. But we always have the optionality. If yields are not strong to early retire some of those aircraft and it's an economic decision when an aircraft is late in its life to early retire some of those aircraft that are less fuel efficient and very heavy maintenance. So I think of that as flexibility we have in the event of a macro event. But if there is absent a macro event you should expect us to sweat our assets until end of life.
Savi Syth: And just a follow-up, Mike, to a comment you made earlier on -- I appreciate the 2Q unit cost color. But as you think about the year just high level, I'm wondering what are the kind of the year-over-year headwinds that might kind of step down from now or maybe step up? I know your capacity is moderating a little bit from the levels in the first half. But just curious, given that you have more time, are you able to address more of the fixed cost as you get into the second half?
Mike Leskinen: I would say you need to think about labor costs and when we lap and annualize some of those labor costs. So that would be the number one factor you should put into your model around differences quarter-to-quarter. Number two, the CASM ex impact of flying 40 less aircraft than we planned for this calendar year, you should expect those costs to linger. As we get into the back half and particularly in the fourth quarter, some of those costs begin to moderate, but you should think about Q2 and Q3, those costs continuing to weigh us down. Again, we will offset with the great operation we're running as we see completion factors move up well offset partially. But those costs don't go away overnight. And I'll use this as an opportunity to also to talk about some longer term cost initiatives that we've started since I've taken over in the CFO seat. Number one, tech ops, there are significant opportunities for us to drive efficiency in our tech ops driving efficiencies in our supply chain by optimizing the volume of parts we purchase and improving the rates we pay for those parts. So we're undergoing a significant initiative there. I think the run rate you'll see from that initiative is more like 2025. We're also undergoing a significant procurement bottoms-up evaluation. We're going to go through waves going through different vendors to make sure we have best pricing in the industry. I think this is going to be in the fullness of time, measured $100 million-plus and cost efficiencies. Again, that's more like '25 and '26. But when I talk about unique United opportunities, I would put this in that category. And then finally, I'll highlight that we've got significant opportunities within our technology organization to help drive efficiencies throughout the full airline. But one that I'll highlight is moving a lot of our mainframe computing into the cloud, that's something that you don't save the cost of moving to the cloud until you shut the mainframe down. So many cases, we've moved 70%, 80%, 90% to the cloud, but we still have to maintain that mainframe with 10% or 20% of the systems on that mainframe. So there's a little taste. We'll give a lot more fulsome answer at our upcoming Investor Day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So that was sort of helpful color on back half CASM a little bit. Maybe just a similar thought on back half RASM, comps get easier. Is it fair to assume we see RASM accelerate in the back half of the year, is there any other puts and takes to be thinking about?
Andrew Nocella: Just at a really high level, I would say that the [cap is] up domestically, I think is rough as in probably Q2, but gets better in Q3 and particularly better in Q4 is our estimate based on what we look at. So I think that is a nice trajectory. Second, we added a considerable amount of Asia Pacific capacity middle to late last year. And so as we lap that capacity, so it's now fully spooled up, we expect the line to improve. And as we make capacity adjustments to unproductive capacity in that region, we also expect that's going to show some improvements. And that follows always through Q1 of next year. Latin America, the capacity picture has been particularly difficult for the first half of this year. As you all know, the second half looks, I think, very different. And so I'm optimistic that Latin is going to turn the quarter in Q3. Although Q2 is still a very -- [poor] results. And in Europe, I think we've really sharpened our pencil, we paused growth for the most part this year on purpose. And I'm particularly optimistic based on how we deploy capacity that Europe is going to look fine. So I'm not giving you the exact numbers, but that's how I look across the globe and see what's happening and think about positive or negative trajectory by region.
Scott Group: And then, Mike, I appreciate all your sort of comments on free cash flow. And I'd love maybe, Scott, to get your perspective on this discussion as well and maybe your thoughts on CapEx. Like if we wake up in six months and Boeing can start delivering a lot more planes again, could that -- in your mind, Scott, does that $7 billion to $9 billion go up again? Or maybe alternatively, is there something in your control that says, hey, maybe that $7 billion to $9 billion could come down even more?
Scott Kirby: I think the $7 billion to $9 billion is probably a pretty good number. And I think of it as we've ordered a lot of airlines more than anyone in history has ever done. And when you combine that with the supply chain challenges, as Mike described, is kind of a ballot, you have 40 airplanes that are supposed to be delivered in 2023, they got pushed to 2024 and none of them got delivered and then yet another 20 in 2023 got pushed and so now you have 60 in 2025. That also -- that wasn't just hard on the planning for us, it may things like our flight training center, really hard to run effectively, because constantly changing capacity plan, those are -- you're thinking about upgrading pilots and things like 18 month out decisions. So one of the things we attempted to do was level out the capacity, the aircraft deliveries, which we've done at approximately 100 per year. And so we'll have a lot -- at least a lot less variance, the standard deviation will be a lot less than it's been in the past. It's also kind of split 60-40 Boeing, Airbus, so there's a little more diversity in that number going forward. I don't think we'll take it out, but -- well, I know we're not planning to take it up because taking it up, drives things at the flight training center, just drives a lot of other complexities, this is just not worth it. I think the other thing that we will -- I know that we're going to do now and going forward is build a little hedge into or build a bigger hedge into our schedule. And like if we think we're going to take 100 airplanes this year, we're going to only put 90% or some lower number into the schedule. And if everything is on time and on plan, then we'll have a few extra spares around for a couple of months. That will cost a little bit but it doesn't cost nearly as much as overstaffing by 40 airplanes. And so I think it will give us not just certainty on CapEx, it will give us a lot more operational certainty for running everything better and more efficiently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Helane Becker from Cowen.
Helane Becker: So I have two questions. I think, Andrew, you talked about the quality of your product and the network and the loyalty and so on in your answer to somebody's question. But when you think about some of your alliance partners, they don't have the same commitment to service and any of the things that you just talked about that you have. So as you think about alliances going forward, and maybe this is a question for Patrick. How do you think about getting everybody on board to the same standard that you're setting so that you don't distress your customers when they have to connect because you're not flying some place non-stop that they want to go aspirational or they let your customers down?
Andrew Nocella: I'll start off with that. I'm not sure I agree with the premise of your question. I think our core partners have the highest standards when I think about ANA and Air New Zealand, to name a few. And also think that Lufthansa has the higher standards, look, they've gone through a number of strikes recently, which has been think rough on Lufthansa, the team and the customers, but I think they're behind that now. And I think their commitment and all of our commitment to customer service is actually pretty consistent. And we're so proud to be in joint ventures with each of these airlines. And we sit around the tables, I'd like to say, without lawyers and we work through difficult problems, and we talk about how to make the level of customer service more and more seamless each quarter. That being said, we are from different countries and different cultures and we have different ways of approaching our business. And quite frankly, we think that some of those differences are really important. They reflect who each of these airlines are and their unique identity. So we don't -- we're not trying to harmonize across every single product detail on how we build alliances. But that being said, I do think we have a similar alignment of customer first and going forward. And we -- and Ill also plug in, we have the best alliance partners with the best hubs around the globe, which is one of the reasons that we have the leading network, and I think we're more profitable in this global network relative to our primary competitors.
Helane Becker: And then just for my follow-up question, maybe Mike, as we think about the earnings guidance for the second quarter. How should we think about like the percentage corporate, leisure, domestic, international, are you starting to skew more corporate international in the next six months than you have in the past, or how should we think about that breakdown?
Mike Leskinen: I would just say that all of the above, domestic leisure has been really strong. And despite that historically being an area where we were less than -- we had less of a exposure than some of our peers, we've done an incredible job. Now business demand is clearly continuing to come back and that's wind in our sales from a relative perspective. So I think as we've said, it's been the theme of the call, the current results at United are very strong but the future is even brighter. So feel great about business continuing to drive our relative results.
Andrew Nocella: I'll add one incremental fact, Helane. The growth in Polaris load factors has been pretty significant year-over-year. And the growth in premium load factors across the board at United Airlines, our paid premium load factor was up 9 points year-over-year in the quarter, which is amazing. But as we revenue manage all of that, we kept all of the premium leisure passengers in their seats as we added more corporate into their seats. So we were able to do both. And that is one of the reasons for the great execution in the quarter is that we see corporate rebound in, but we see the desire for premium products by leisure customers continue to be strong.
Helane Becker: So is the answer then you're putting more premium seats, because if you have corporate demand for the same seats, you're pricing up to lose some, right? Don't you have to price that to lose some of that demand?
Andrew Nocella: What happened in this [indiscernible] case is during the pandemic, we had very high free load factors in some of these premium cabins, and that number is coming down more towards
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Mike, can you give us some insight on how you're planning for the cost structure in '25 through '27 just given the variability that you gave us on CapEx. And I know it's aspirational to get 100 deliveries every year, and Scott spoke to it as well, maybe you filter in some buffer here on spare aircraft. But how do you think about hiring, especially given that some of these training events might be an 18 month decision?
Mike Leskinen: I think by level loading, our aircraft delivery schedule and making skyline stable, we're going to be able to better match our flight attendant, we're going to be better match our pilot hiring. So that the inefficiencies that we're discussing right now around, again, the 40 less aircraft we have for this year, those inefficiencies will work themselves out. And so that's what's critical to this. But in addition to our overall cost structure, when we think about the inflationary world that we've been in, that pressure is going to -- the industry is going to continue to face that. But at United, we have the gauge benefit and that gauge benefit will be metered in a smooth way. So I feel very excited about that.
Brandon Oglenski: And maybe just a quick one for you, Mike. I know you guys had wanted to do an analyst meeting soon here, and that's going to get pushed back. But any strategic teasers you want to give us on MileagePlus, because I know it's been a focus of yours and the team?
Mike Leskinen: I will repeat what I've said in the past. MileagePlus, it's a crown jewel in the assets we have here at United Airlines. It was a critical source of collateral during the pandemic. But the dream is that it is recognized the value of that asset, the value of that business, especially as we grow it, is recognized in our equity market cap. It's not there today. You're going to see us continue to give more and more disclosure, more and more transparency to that business. You're going to see us share more and more details on the growth plans we have for the data in that business. And eventually, if we get no value in our market cap, we'll take more aggressive actions. I've been a consistent message on that and you'll hear even more at our Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you. We will now switch to the media portion of the call [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg.
Mary Schlangenstein: So I wanted to see if you could give a little bit more detail on the aircraft that were delayed from second quarter to third quarter as part of the FAA review, whether you can tell us what -- how many aircraft, what types of aircraft and specifically how the FAA resulted in the delays?
Scott Kirby: I'll try. I don't think we know for sure yet. I think we've got three airplanes that are coming in the next few months. They're MAX aircraft MAX-9s, three aircraft that are coming in the next few months, and we'll continue to work with the FAA on -- I'm going to change that. What we're mostly focused on, though, that's not what we are focused on. We are focused on figuring out everything I said in this call, how to use this -- embracing this process as an opportunity to get a new higher standard for safety. And as we go through that process, there will be some point along the way where we'll start taking aircraft deliveries again, but that is absolutely not our focus nor should it be our focus.
Mary Schlangenstein: They haven't -- the FAA hasn't prohibited any aircraft deliveries. Is that right? It's just the start of the use of some of those planes or is it actually the deliveries themselves?
Scott Kirby: It's putting -- it's not the delivery, it's putting them on the certificate.
Mary Schlangenstein: And you said it's just three for right now. And my second question was you all talked a lot about the corporate rebound and how that's playing out. But is there anything different that you expect to see in summer travel this season? Like it sounds like there might have been some geographic shifts for some areas that were strong last summer won't be as strong this summer? And do you expect the domestic market to be particularly strong this summer?
Andrew Nocella: As we head into the summer season, we expect strength across the board and in the United network tilt in terms of our best seasonality towards Q2 and Q3 and particularly across the Atlantic, across specific and TransCon within the United States. So we expect all of those entities to perform really strongly this year. And everything we have in terms of data right now, I would say that's where we stand.
Mary Schlangenstein: Do you expect to set another record for this summer for passenger numbers?
Andrew Nocella: Yes, I think we will, as an airline and as an industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: Can you [Technical Difficulty] exactly what the FAA review prohibits you from doing? And is the change to the fleet plan from this year because of the Boeing delays in production and deliveries or because of the FAA review? And then on -- just a question on the mechanical issues lately. Have you had to update kind of procedures or anything else for your technicians so that those things don't happen, maybe things that were getting overlooked or not part of checklist prior?
Scott Kirby: First, the delivery delays are 100% of the issue. And the main focus has been less about changing the policies and processes, but really making sure that everyone keeps safety as a top of mind awareness. And spending a lot more time with the leadership team out talking about it, really making sure that safety is top of mind awareness. Now we, of course, will go through with the FAA and go through a pretty rigorous process and we continuously look at ways to improve safety across the board, and that's continuing. It's at an elevated level right now of looking for ideas but that's not something unique or new that is -- we have hundreds of people whose full time jobs are doing that day in and day out.
Leslie Josephs: And the review prevents you from putting new aircraft into service and then what else, is it captain upgrade, anything else?
Scott Kirby: No, that's not it. We can do captain upgrades.
Leslie Josephs: So it's just putting new aircraft into service?
Scott Kirby: That's the primary thing.
Leslie Josephs: When do you expect the review to conclude?
Scott Kirby: That's, again, the way we would think of this is about going through a process to make it better using this as an opportunity to create a new higher standard, and it will conclude when it concludes. We're not going to predict the time.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Krista. And thanks for everyone joining our great call today. Please contact IR and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter 2023 and Full Year 2023. My name is Tegan and I will be your conference facilitator today.  Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the line for questions [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of the call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line.  I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Tegan. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Uniteds fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on the call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A.  And now, Id like to turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Christina, and good morning to everyone on the call today. Despite numerous geopolitical and other headwinds around the globe, 2023 really was the year that our plan for United Next came together. Our thesis at this time last year was that operational constraints, other factors were leading to cost convergence and those cost pressures in turn would lead to higher revenues. That is certainly true for United because our diversified revenue streams continue to differentiate us from other airlines. Another way of saying that is that we believe that a new link between United's CASM and RASM was being solidified. And while it might be hard to get either a CASM or RASM forecast exactly correct, we can have higher confidence in forecasting the relationships between the two, and therefore, have higher confidence in our earnings [Indiscernible] margin forecast. And despite a year filled with events that we could have never predicted, that's exactly what happened in 2023. And so, I'd like to thank the 100,000 United team members around the world who worked so hard to make that happen. And those same 100,000 people continue to deliver in the face of a huge impact on our employees and customers from the MAX 9 grounding. I'm proud of our tech ops team who's taken the lead and has been working 18 hour days nonstop since January 6th to ensure that the MAX 9 is a 100% safe before we return it to service. I'd also like to thank the FAA for their professional leadership in this situation and also acknowledge that they too are also working long hours and weekends with us in an effort to ensure that we know for sure what happened so wed be confident that the remediation prevents it from ever happening again. 2023 really sets the stage for what is likely to be a repeat in 2024. Uniteds financial performance was impressive, especially if you consider where the analysts were tracking at this time a year ago. In 2023, we delivered full year earnings per share above $10, which was within the range of our initial United Next target of 10 to 12. I want to spend some time today examining how we got there and why we think those trends will persist in 2024. One, we expected the operating environment to be challenging, driven by pilot and other hiring constraints, FAA air traffic control steps, maintenance catch up and supply chain issues. It turned out to be even more challenging than we thought. Two, and those operating environment challenges led directly to industry capacity plans, including our own coming down 3 points on average as carriers adapted to the new operating environment. For United, we made changes to our schedule and we closed out the year setting operational records. The improvements in Newark in particular are one of the most important accomplishments that we achieved last year. Brett will share more details in just a moment, but the FAA waivers right-size the airport and airspace to physical constraints and allowed us to running operations that's performing better than ever at Newark. That's been good for our business and it's been really good for our customers. Three, but as we predict, the challenging operating environment led to cost pressures and cost convergence in the industry. To be fair, even we as United underestimated the inflationary pressures that we would face primarily from labor, maintenance and supply chain issues. And that led to higher absolute CASM-ex than we were forecasting. But those same cost pressures are being felt across the entire industry. And a year ago when we talked, we believed the industry wide cost pressures would wind up as a pass through, much like fuel has been in the past. Four, and that is in fact exactly what happened. While industry cost pressures drove higher CASM-ex at United, we offset those higher than expected costs with higher than expected revenues. Five, which leads to the final point. While difficult to predictive events like the fuel price spike, rising conflict in the Middle East, fires in Maui, persistent inflationary pressure, so many other things that makes it difficult to predict United's full year 2023 CASM and RASM 12 months in advance, the timing connection at United between CASM and RASM meant that we achieved our initial $10 to $12 EPS range despite those multiple headwinds around the globe. The link between RASM and CASM combined with the success of United Next is what made 2023 such a successful and important year in our history, and we expect 2024 to follow a similar path for the same reasons. This is just the new normal. The operational challenges remain. It will be years before the FAA is back to full staffing. We're still overlapping new labor agreements, which shows in our CASM and the supply chain challenges aren't going away anytime soon. That means capacity will continue to ratchet down out of necessities and cost convergence will continue. But revenues will adjust to the new cost reality and you can expect United to maintain and grow EPS and margins. Two and half years ago, we laid out our United Next growth strategy. In 2023, we demonstrated that the plan is working almost exactly as we expected and the future is bright. There have been and there will be more bumps in the road. But we continue to feel confident about our ability to grow earnings and margin over the long term because of the tighter connection between United's cost and United's revenue.  Looking ahead to 2024, the United Next plan is working and no airline is better positioned to capitalize on industry and macroeconomic trends than United, and we're continuing to move aggressively to capitalize on emerging opportunities. We'll have more to share with you at our Investor Day later this spring. In the meantime, we're focused on delivering another great year for our employees, customers and our shareholders. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. As of Saturday, January 6th, Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft has been grounded. We are currently the largest operator of the Boeing [Technical Difficulty] fleet type, the aircraft representing approximately 8% of our capacity in the first quarter. Our financial guidance assumes that Uniteds 79 MAX 9 aircraft is grounded [Indiscernible] January. I echo Scott's gratitude for all at United who worked so hard [Technical Difficulty] travel plans were affected by the grounding of our MAX 9 fleet. I'm also extremely proud of our tech ops team whove been working carefully to ensure the safety of our MAX 9 aircraft before we start flying them again.  2023 was a year of growth and restoration. And we closed out the year with strong record breaking operational results, carrying a record 171 million customers. The fourth quarter consolidated customer D0, A0 and misconnect rate were the best for any quarter in our history. Not only did we set company records for the quarter but we also ran record setting operations during our busiest time of the year over Thanksgiving and Christmas. Thanksgiving and the entire fourth quarter had the highest NPS scores in our post pandemic history. We wrapped up the year with our lowest ever cancel rate for the month of December. One of the largest challenges United and all airlines flying to and from New York have historically faced more flights than the air traffic system can handle is now being addressed, thanks to proactive intervention by the FAA. Newark, United's largest hub has been operating with the best reliability on record since the FAA mandated that flight activity to be consistent with the airspace and runway limitations of no more 77 operations per hour this fall. For United, that meant we reduced flight activity from Newark by about 10%, expect to continue with those cuts for the remainder of 2024. Our customers and every passenger flying from New York are now benefiting and the cascade of delays that historically would flow across the United States from New York airspace has significantly improved. Our customer D0 from Newark the company record 76% in Q4 of 2023. We expect this level of performance to continue as long as the FAA continues to mandate that flight operations remain at 77 or fewer operations per hour going forward.  United plans to continue to upgauge our Newark flying to ensure that there is plenty of capacity available for our customers even with fewer flights.  2023 was also a banner year for employee recruiting, hiring and retention at United. On the heels of hiring more than 21,000 people in 2022, we hired another 16,000 aviation professionals to our airline last year. We hire the best of the best. The skill and talent of our employees played a big role in our operational outperformance in the second half of the year. Our record breaking customer scores during the holidays and our overall financial performance [as an airline] (ph) in 2023. We are a better, more successful airline because of our people and I'm proud of the way we've gone about growing our team. I'm happy to announce we will be paying our eligible employees 81 million in profit sharing next month. This is 5 times higher than 2022 and over 2 times higher than the average of the last 10 years. Our team, the beating heart of this airline [Technical Difficulty] sharing these impressive results today without them. With that, I will pass it over to Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. As Scott mentioned, cost pressures led to healthy revenue trends in the quarter with stellar performance over the holidays. Total revenues in the fourth quarter increased 9.9% on a 14.7% increase in capacity. Consolidated TRASM was down 4.2% and PRASM was down 3.3% for the quarter. Domestic demand was strong in the quarter and PRASM results were slightly negative year-over-year, a nice improvement from the third quarter. Atlantic PRASM growth in Q4 of positive 3.8% was consistent with Q3 year-over-year growth of 4%. We also experienced a small but measurable demand weakness period across for Europe in Q4 triggered by the conflict in Israel but that has now moderated. United increased Asia Pacific flying by 82% in the quarter. PRASM was down 11.6% year-over-year. In the quarter, we increased flying to China from four weekly flights to twice daily, amongst many other changes we've now fully restored our capacity to pre-voted levels across the Pacific. Latin American unit revenues decreased by 11.6% in the quarter, pressured by record industry capacity levels and heavy fare discounting. Cargo revenues continue to adjust to their new city state post pandemic state. For 2023, cargo revenues were $1.5 billion, 31% lower than 2022, [amongst] all the revenue changes due to yields, not volumes. MileagePlus [Technical Difficulty]. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We expect TRASM in Q1 to be approximately flat year-over-year, which is a nice sequential improvement versus the past few quarters. Domestic demand remains strong with increases in business traffic volumes year-over-year in addition to stronger pricing thus far this year, and we expect domestic year-over-year PRASM to be positive for the quarter. We see the best yield growth occurring on tickets purchased within a week of departure. Bookings and yields for Atlantic fly in early 2024 are also strong and we expect these trends to continue into the second and third quarters. Service to Tel Aviv will resume as soon as it's safe for our customers and crew but no sooner than February 15th. We also saw a nice step-up in London Heathrow business demand in recent weeks, which has helped in Atlantic results in Q1 to date when combined with lower United capacity to London. We remain focused on slow growth across the Atlantic for 2024. Asia Pacific growth remains above normal as we head into Q1. We continue to absorb the incremental Asia Pacific capacity added in 2023, we expect all of United's new Asia capacity to produce strong margin results as we head into Q2 and Q3. Latin American RASM is expected to remain negative for Q1 year-over-year, a trend that's likely to continue into Q2. FAA imposed industry capacity limitations on [Newark] for virtually all of 2024 and San Francisco for most of 2024 will limit capacity from either airport. We've prioritized international growth over domestic at both hubs. We're optimistic that the demand will catch up with supply in 2024 in these two United hubs that have lagged the recovery elsewhere. In summary, we expect strong unit revenue performance on domestic and Atlantic capacity in early 2024 with weaker results in Asia as we absorb 2023 growth and in Latin America due to record industry capacity growth levels. While we expect international RASMs will grow slower than domestic for a period, we also expect that international flying will have materially higher margins for United versus domestic in 2024 -- or just less of a gap than in 2023. We, at United, have, I think, created a really very durable commercial model that has diversified our revenue streams and our network and largely de-commoditized our product versus just about every other airline in the US maybe with the exception of one. Our commercial strategy has resulted in fair levels at United just in not only for changes in price of fuel but also for the cost inputs at United, allowing us to overcome the inflationary cost pressures larger than we expected in 2023. You can see this in our relative revenue performance quarter-to-quarter. Uniteds unique hub system in the largest US cities and the network we have built over decades from these hubs underpins our outlook and gives United access to revenues and profitable flying others simply do not have or have not been able to replicate. The United Next fleet growth in recent years has allowed us to unlock the true value in our hub system, which you can see from our results today. Unique aircraft cabin and capacity plans continue to be a driver of our strong revenue performance, particularly as demand for premium products remains elevated. For example, domestic premium revenue grew 13% year-over-year in Q4, over double the rate of coach, another data point validating our strategy. While we remain focused on monetizing our growing premium capacity, we also remain committed to Basic Economy. Domestic Basic Economy revenue was up nearly 20% in the fourth quarter versus last year. Correct engage deficits at United remains a key component of the future. We continue to believe we can add gauge to domestic flying while maintaining strong unit revenues. Since 2019, United has increased its North American gauge by 22%, while also leading in PRASM growth. For 2024, we intend to focus much of our domestic growth in our Mid-Con hubs in Washington, Dallas, as we had significant levels of new connectivity. This connectivity change is why we have confidence in the RASM being accretive in 2024. Diversified revenue streams across our global network remain key to our relative success as we implement our United Next plans. United's global network is a key structural advantage we will focus on in the coming years and it differentiates us.  With that, I wanted to say thanks to the entire United team and hand it over to Mike to discuss our financial results. Mike?
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you to the whole United team for closing up the year on a high note, both operationally and financially. I'm proud to report that in 2023 we delivered pretax income of $4.3 billion, a more than $3.2 billion improvement over 2022. We delivered earnings per share of $10.05 within our initial guidance range of $10 to $12, and well ahead of consensus expectations of about $6 at the beginning of the year. We achieved this despite significant industry headwinds and operational constraints that led to lower capacity. For the fourth quarter, we delivered pretax income of $845 million and earnings per share of $2, ahead of consensus and above the high end of our guidance range. Strong operational performance, robust revenue trends and a decrease in fuel prices supported these results. Fourth quarter CASM-ex was up 4.9% as we did not operate flight to Tel Aviv for the full quarter. Additionally, effective with the fourth quarter, we are now classifying certain commissions that has been classified as contra-revenue and distribution expense. This has no impact on net income or cash flow. This change added 1 point to our year-on-year fourth quarter CASM-ex and increased fourth quarter year-on-year unit revenue by 0.6 points. The change will also result in an approximate 1 point headwind to year-on-year CASM-ex and an approximate 0.6 point increase in RASM through the end of the third quarter of this year. Underlying unit costs trended favorably during the quarter as the completion factor came in better than planned due to our strong operational performance. Compared to 2019, our relative performance on CASM-ex was near the top of the industry. As Scott outlined, delivering strong relative cost performance remains critical to the successful execution of United Next. We have always ascertained the costs that are borne by the entire industry are passed along in prices with a lag. Historically, this relationship has been clear with jet fuel prices. More recently, the relationship has been clear for both higher labor and higher maintenance costs as well. Notably, our unit cost in 2023 were up 17.8% versus 2019 compared to ultra low cost carriers, unit costs that are expected to be up 25% on average. That more than 7 point cost convergence in costs occurred simultaneous with an emerging preference for United product, the top-tier operational reliability that United provides. The result is unsurprising. Our margins have dramatically and structurally improved and we're only in the early innings of that journey. For the first quarter of 2024, we expect a loss per share between negative $0.35 and negative $0.85. While our core costs remain on track, our first quarter CASM-ex faces a few headwinds. First, the cancellations of the MAX 9 flights have reduced first quarter capacity. Due to the close-in nature of these cancellations, most of our expenses are fixed. And we also incurred additional interrupted trip expenses. We expect the combination of these items will increase CASM-ex by approximately 3 points. Second, as we mentioned that the contra-revenue reclassification in the distribution expense is a 1 point headwind. Third, the impact of new labor agreements as they annualize adds an additional 3 to 4 points. And fourth, a higher volume of engine events and continued supply chain challenges lead to another 1 point of CASM-ex headwind. While the first two items I mentioned are United specific headwinds, labor and maintenance are an industry wide issue and the primary drivers of the cost conversions that Scott described earlier. Most importantly, we're confident that the pace of inflation in our costs will continue to be favorable versus our historically lower cost competitors. Building off of our 2023 momentum, we expect full year 2024 earnings per share to be between $9 to $11. We are encouraged by the trends we are seeing and our United Next plan is working well. This is our guidance but I'd be remiss if I didn't point out that our internal targets are higher. We plan to update our longer term financial targets at our upcoming Investor Day. Looking ahead, we intend to take a different approach to guidance. As demonstrated in 2023 and just recently with the MAX grounding, we operate in a dynamic industry. With the no excuses philosophy, we intended to take United off the detailed quarterly metrics shortly after I joined and led the Investor Relations team. The pandemic interrupted those plans. But now that we're pass the crisis and as we deliver on our earnings per share target, you should expect us to remove TRASM, CASM-ex and capacity guidance and focus on earnings per share. We've provided RASM and TRASM for the first quarter but this is likely the last time we will do so for our quarter. We will continue to provide fulsome commentary on the trends impacting our business. And we will continue to be transparent with our views of the longer term future for both United and the industry that we're managing this business towards. We will earn your confidence by delivering bottom line results. Shifting gears to the fleet. In the fourth quarter, we took delivery of 20 Boeing MAX and four Airbus A321 aircraft. Looking ahead to 2024, we have a total of 107 aircraft scheduled to deliver, 31 of those being MAX 9. It is unrealistic at this time to believe all of those aircraft will deliver as currently planned. We also have 277 MAX 10 aircraft on order through the remainder of the decade and an additional 200 auctions for MAX 10 aircraft. We are monitoring Boeing's progress towards certification of the MAX 10 closely. At this time, our current aircraft delivery schedule would lead to a total CapEx of approximately $9 billion in 2024. But given the MAX 9 grounding and the continued supply chain issues, there is this downward bias to our 2024 spend. We also expect a reduction in orders and deliveries from Boeing in 2025. This will require reworking of our fleet plan and we will share the details when that work is complete. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $16.1 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. Our adjusted net debt to EBITDAR was 2.9 times, consistent with our leverage target of less than 3 times provided at the start of the year. Managing the business towards positive free cash flow will be a top priority for our team over the coming years. Our stock is deeply undervalued, trading at less than 4 times earnings despite the fact that we delivered 19.5% revenue growth and realized significant structural improvement and relative profitability in 2023. But we also understand that generating free cash flow consistently even while we execute our United Next strategy is an important component to increasing our valuation. 2023 marked the first full year of United Next plan. We are thrown some curve balls but we adapted quickly and exited the year stronger than ever. It's clear that when customers are given a choice they are choosing United. You can see it clearly in our revenue and margin performance relative to the industry. Finally, I'm happy to announce we will be hosting an Investor Day on May 1st in Chicago. We plan to provide an update on our progress with the United Next plan and introduce some of the United tailwinds that will drive continued margin expansion and sustainable free cash flow. I'm encouraged by our results in a relative momentum and I'm looking forward to delivering another solid year for our employees, customers and shareholders. With that, I will pass it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow question. Tegan, please describe the procedure to ask the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] All right, we will go to the first caller in queue, Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: So maybe Scott, you said at the start that you saw pressure on your 2023 capacity and I think you kind of went through your order book and said there's downward pressure there expected as well. Does this want to make you look at the long term United Next growth plans and kind of what can be practically achieved in the coming years, is that something you can expect to do in the Investor Day?
Mike Leskinen: Look, the reality is that with the MAX grounding, this is the kind of straw that broke the camels back with believing that the MAX 10 will deliver on the schedule we had hoped for. And so we're working through an alternate plan. We do expect our growth rate to slow in coming years. Though United Next plan is firmly on track it will take a little longer to get there. And we're working on alternate plans to see how much higher we can elevate the growth with the MAX 10. Now we're still counting on Boeing and we're monitoring the MAX 10 closely and we're rooting and we'll do everything we can to help that aircraft get certified. It's a great aircraft. But we can't count on it and so we're working on alternate plans. The details we'll share when we have them. I hope we'll have more by the first quarter conference call, and we'll certainly have a fulsome update for you by our May 1st Investor Day.
Ravi Shanker: And maybe as a quick follow-up. I think you guys have said Asia can be pretty decent kind of as it comes back. I think you guys were profitable on the China routes prior to the pandemic. Correct me if I'm wrong. Do you think Asia margins can be better than before and is that a temporary demand catch up, or do you think that's sustainable kind of in the new normal?
Andrew Nocella: As we rebuilt Asia, we definitely wanted to rebuild it. So it has sustainably higher margins than it did pre-pandemic. And we've gone about that, I think, very carefully. We're back to our pre-pandemic size, which is nice at this point. And China was profitable for us pre-pandemic, although, it was not our highest margin climb to be fair. As we bring it all back, our goal is to make sure that the Asia Pacific entity produces margins that are similar to that across the rest of our global network. And I think that at least in 2023, Asia Pacific is well ahead. I do expect things to move around a bit, particularly as more China flights come back online. But I think we're particularly bullish about what Asia looks like going forward. We added a lot of capacity in the quarter, we are absorbing it, and we expect in Q2 and Q3 that capacity is going to do very well. So very bullish about the long term prospects in Asia post pandemic.
Operator: All right. Well go to the next caller in queue. Jamie Baker from J.P. Morgan.
Jamie Baker: First one for Andrew. So you said the 20% revenue increase for Basic Economy, what can you tell us about the composition of that growth? Is some percentage MileagePlus members trading down? Is some percentage stimulation of brand new demand from scratch, is some percentage of share shift from LMAs? I guess the simpler question is who's driving the growth?
Andrew Nocella: I think it's largely a share shift, Jamie. We developed Basic Economy numerous years ago now and have been refining how we sell it, how we distribute it, and that product. And it's an important product in our lineup. We do focus a lot on premium. But we know we need to be competitive across the whole range of needs that our customers have in our hubs and that required a competitive basic economy product that we could do profitably. And as we look at the data, we think the biggest change here is as we've increased our gauge, we've been able to attract more and more market share across the board, but in particular, we've been able to attract more of it from some of the low cost carriers out there. So we're really pleased with this development. And it's given us every indication that we should continue to push forward as our gauge increases and we'll be able to more effectively take on that traffic and grow our share base even more.
Jamie Baker: And then for Mike, it was a couple of years ago, in fact, it might have been, like, almost two years to the day that there were press reports that United was looking at monetizing a portion of MileagePlus and then things subsequently went pretty quiet on that front. So a couple of questions. First is, is loyalty as important to United as it is to Delta? Delta's leading so hard into this topic on its calls. And second, any thoughts on how United or the broader industry might get investors to value this cash flow at a higher multiple? And if the answer is no, I'm happy to cede the floor.
Mike Leskinen: I appreciate the question. This is something I'm very passionate about. MileagePlus is a crown jewel in the businesses we have here at United Airlines. We've made some significant progress towards growing that business. We have a new leader in Richard Nunn. We have significant projects underway around data and how we can create a better customer experience and monetize that data, simultaneous. And you can expect a very fulsome update on the May 1st Investor Day. We do have ideas on how to bring the market attention to the value and the higher premium multiple that those earnings should trade at. And we have several options, and we'll share more when we're ready to share more. But we've discussed some of those, some of those have been written about in the analyst reports. And if the value is not recognized in our fares, we will take action to highlight that value in the near future.
Operator: Well go to the next caller in queue, Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg: Just getting back to, I guess, Scott, on the issue with the MAX 10, at least, fortunately, in the case of United, you do have a choice. You're a very large operator of the Airbus product as well as the Boeing narrow-body product. As we think about the issues with supply chain and constraints across the OEM space, is there at some point where you're thinking that given the size of United that it would be prudent to consider a wide-body from another OEM? Right now, it looks like the 787 is the future for United from a wide-body perspective, but you still have that A350 order out there. Has your thinking on that changed?
Mike Leskinen: The A350 is a incredible aircraft. We have a significant order book for 787s right now and we have a mix of 777 aircraft, some are relatively older and a sub fleet is quite young. As we look into the 2030's, the A350 is an aircraft that we are looking at. We don't have any new news to share with you today but the timing will be that early part of the next decade.
Michael Linenberg: And then just a quick follow-up back to what Jamie brought up on Basic Economy, the 20% increase is obviously pretty significant. But last quarter, you were up 50%. And the question is, is that just a function of a more difficult comp or did you actively pull back on inventory of Basic Economy just given the surge that we've seen on the cost side, and back to your point about sort of trying to maintain that gap between CASM and RASM?
Andrew Nocella: No, we didn't pull back on it for that reason. And remember, these are year-over-year comps but you have to consider the math of what we did last year. We're very bullish about Basic. We're also very bullish about the premium. And the point is, we have a really great diversified revenue stream across all of our cabins as we try to de-commoditize our product. We are really hopeful that we'll continue to drive increasing volumes in basic. It seems to be having the appropriate P&L effect at United and competitive effect across the industry. So it's something we want to do more of, not less of. And so you should expect that.
Operator: Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: I'm a little confused on the comment between -- on the link between CASM and RASM. I would have thought that would have been the case before. So I'm just trying to understand what's changed. Is it that you're being -- like just better at predicting outcomes or is it really more of an industry comment that you're trying to drive home here?
Scott Kirby: It's really an industry comment. In the past, if United had -- if an airline, including United, had CASM going up, while others had CASM going down, the price is the lowest common denominator. So it's an industry comment. As industry -- just like fuel. Anything that affects the whole industry is a pass through. If it affects one airline, it's not, but if it affects all airlines, it's a pass through, that was -- we were sitting in this room a year ago, and maybe we didn't do it articulately, but that was the point we were trying to make, and that is exactly what happened. And it is what's going to happen going forward.
Conor Cunningham: And then it was a little unclear in the prepared remarks. I'm just trying -- does your outlook for costs include accruals for open labor contracts, and just what are the risks that you see for the cost plan in 2024?
Andrew Nocella: We include our expectations for all labor agreements in our base.
Operator: Catherine O'Brien from Goldman Sachs.
Catherine O'Brien: I might stick with the cost side, just following on Conor's quickly here, versus your low single-digit ex-MAX impact CASM-ex guide for the first quarter. How do we think about the puts and takes through year-end versus that level of CASM-ex inflation? Before today, I was originally assuming growth would decelerate over the year, but CASM-ex comp fees, so each quarter in my model ended up looking pretty similar on a year-over-year basis, ex-MAX impacting the 1Q. Is that a fair way to think about it or is there more lumpiness than that, that I'm missing? And then I guess, just to put a finer point on one question, does 1Q and full year EPS include any flight and tenant accrual?
Mike Leskinen: So Catie, let me take the last question first. We include our expectations for labor agreements in our guidance. Regarding CASM trends in Q2 and Q3 and Q4, you would expect the MAX headwind to go away. We do think we're getting closer to seeing that aircraft fly again. You would see some United-specific tailwinds with some gauge increase. Although, with slowing deliveries, that gauge increase in '24 will be less than we would have expected. You will see continued pressure from labor of about 3 to 4 points, that's an industry headwind for CASM-ex, not unique to United. We expect it will lead to higher TRASM to offset. But you should continue to see that we will lap the majority of that as we enter into the fourth quarter. And then maintenance headwind of about 1 point, that's going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. As I sit here today, I think it's about 1 point in each of the quarters. this year. At some point, the supply chain will fix itself in aerospace, but we don't see that today and I think it probably takes well beyond 2024. So you should think about -- to summarize, you should think about the labor and maintenance headwinds as being persistent.
Catherine O'Brien: And maybe just sticking with you, Mike, the $9 billion CapEx figure that's tied to your contractual commitments, unless I've got that wrong. Even as of your last 10-Q before the MAX grounding, you were expecting 17% less aircraft than the contractual amount. I guess there's probably more downside reset today, given what's going on with the MAX. But in order of magnitude, does that delta between expected and contractual deliveries largely flipped how we should think about downside risk on a dollar basis versus that $9 billion?
Andrew Nocella: The delta in between contractual and expected is growing. And we don't know exactly where it settled yet, that's what we're working through now. And we are working on an alternate strategy to mitigate some of the loss in growth. But yes, as you're thinking about CapEx coming below $9 billion this year and the trajectory for maybe lower than what you would expect CapEx in '25 and beyond, that's how you should think about it.
Operator: Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So Mike, I totally get your message that the plan is fluid and flexible. But as it stands today, I'm just wondering, do you think RASM is going to be positive this year? And then maybe just, can you help us just think about shaping the year a little bit? So if I look at last year, had a pretty massive second quarter and then moderation in the second half of the year. Are you thinking a similar shape or maybe more back half weighted? Any color there would be helpful.
Mike Leskinen: Scott, I'll kick it off and say, yes, we think TRASM for the year will be positive, but the details will come from Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Well, we're not giving exact guidance here other than, yes, we're very bullish on the year. I think I laid out a business case where domestic is starting the year incredibly strong. I think we've laid out a business case for where we're going to do with trans-Atlantic capacity. And I do expect Asia capacity to step down materially as we head into Q2 and then Q3, which is obviously going to bolster those numbers, too. So I remain bullish on the year.
Scott Group: Mike, I don't know if you had any thoughts on shaping the year for us, if you have any color. And then maybe just my other follow-up just for Andrew. Just on the point about domestic and international margins converging a little bit this year. Maybe I just want to make sure I'm understanding it. Is this domestic getting better in international a little less good or is it they're both improving, but domestic is improving more? Just any additional color there would be great.
Andrew Nocella: Look, I think we're seeing -- I hate to say the word exceptional, but we're seeing really good strength in domestic right now, and I expect that's going to narrow the gap. International margins are well ahead of domestic margins in 2023, and they'll continue to be well ahead of domestic margins in 2024. But I do think that gap will narrow a bit based on the RASM outlook that I'm looking at, again, which is pretty darn good for domestic. Maybe I'll take the seasonal shape in as well. We're working very diligently to make Q1 a more profitable quarter for United. I think we are well on our way prior to the MAX grounding. And obviously, if you take that out, you can use that to update the estimates as to where we would have been in Q1. We made a lot of changes to how we fly in Q1, and we didn't talk about all those details. But when I look at our RASM trends, particularly in domestic, I am now confident that all those changes had the desired effect. As we continue to build and make sure that in the future, Q1 can -- well, it won't ever be our best quarter to be blunt that it will be a much better relative quarter. But our global network, I have to say in Q2 and Q3 really stands out, and we expect it to be stellar again over those six months in 2024.
Mike Leskinen: Scott, just specifically asked about the shape of our quarterly earnings through the year. It's going to look like a normal seasonal pattern, albeit with a slightly bigger loss in the first quarter due to MAX 9 grounding.
Operator: Helane Becker of Cowen.
Helane Becker: So here's my two questions. The first question is, as you think about 2026 margins and maybe you'll update us on May 1st, how do we bridge from the roughly 8% at year end '23 to say 12% to 14% in 2026?
Andrew Nocella: We will update our longer term margin targets at Investor Day. But the tailwinds that we expect from the United Next strategy from engage, from the connectivity, from the preference to fly United, we have proven, it used to be -- it was a strategy on a piece of paper. We have proven that it's working. And so as we think about '24, deliveries being a little less than '25 and '26, of reaccelerating into that United Next strategy, we see just continued momentum. And so as for the specific level of 12% to 14% pacing, we're going to have to update you on May 1st. But the strategy is working and we're very confident in an upward trajectory to both earnings and margin.
Helane Becker: And then just for my follow-up. I think, United Next targets, and obviously, you'll update them again, I suppose, $25 billion of adjusted net debt as of the end of last year, less than $18 billion for 2026. But the other thing is, how should we think about financing, let's just say, $9 billion is off the table for this year, let's bring it down to $6 billion or $7 billion plus debt paydown. How should we think about you getting to your target leverage over the next one to three years given the CapEx program, which might be $7 billion this year, but it might be $9 billion or $8 billion or $10 billion, '25 or '26?
Mike Leskinen: Let me try to give you a high level view, Helane, and we can dig into more details in the near future. But as I sit here today and I think about the changes in CapEx related to the delay in deliveries, I expect free cash to cover our CapEx in most years, if not all years. And as far as additional paydown of the balance sheet, we would expect that as our margins grow into that low double digit low-teen area that free cash flow will be quite positive, allowing us to pay down that debt. Now the pacing will be dependent on how much that CapEx profile changes and how quickly we get to what we think is that on long run, higher level of margin.
Operator: Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just a couple for me. On international inbound, so basically international point available to the US. As you look across your network, how recovered is international inbound, how do you think about that growth of that demand set in 2024? And are there any markets that stick out from a recovery headroom potential?
Andrew Nocella: What I would say is during the entire recovery, US outbound has been a stronger component of the traffic, really across the board, across the entire globe, and that continues today, I think, origin Europe, particularly core Europe, Germany continues to trail as well as Japan and Australia, and so we'll continue to monitor that. But the US consumer has made up the difference in most regions of the world quite effectively and has resulted in very strong results over the last year. So I think the outlook is strong but when the inbound customer profile starts to rebound, I think that's just further upside in the future. It hasn't happened consistently across the globe yet but we'll see what 2024 brings.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just following up there. Any specific markets, maybe San Francisco, Asia inbound, any more kind of bullish recovery thoughts there?
Andrew Nocella: San Francisco is going to be very unique over the next six to nine months. There is a significant amount of runway construction going on in San Francisco that has dramatically limited our ability to fly there. It's also consistent with a slower recovery in that city. So I think that is actually probably okay, but you will see us fly a much reduced domestic schedule in San Francisco. The international flying continues to be very strong. But the smaller domestic schedule, combined with where we are in the recovery, I think, it's going to be just fine for San Francisco in terms of our profit contribution. And San Francisco, Asia continues to perform exceedingly well.
Operator: Andrew Didora from Bank of America.
Andrew Didora: So Andrew, I guess you mentioned this a little bit in your prepared remarks, but we've been hearing and seeing some data on corporate travel getting a bit better as well. Could you maybe dig in and speak to maybe any particular markets or verticals where you see any sort of outsized corporate growth? And have you seen this corporate growth sort of broadening out to make it maybe at a more sustainable level today than at other points in the recovery?
Andrew Nocella: We've all sat on calls and predicted the recovery of business graphic more times than I can count over the last few years. And I will say, Q4 was okay. It wasn't spectacular in any way. But as we started January in the new budget season for all of our big corporate clients, we did notice a significant step-up. So it's really early. It's only been a few weeks, and I hesitate to say, oh my gosh, it's fixed, because it's still well behind where it should be relative to GDP growth, of course. But look, it's a really nice step up. We're seeing close-in yield gains as well that result from that. And I think that's one of the reasons our domestic RASM outlook is as strong as it is. And so hopefully, that continues. At the end of the quarter, of course, we'll report on that and let you know how it looks. But at least for the first two weeks of January, we've gotten off to a really strong start and it gives us increasing signs that this is going to be, I think, a very good year.
Andrew Didora: And then for my second question, Mike, you have obviously a lot of talk on the call just on your future free cash flow potential. Just when you're looking at your free cash flow, when do you anticipate you will become a cash taxpayer?
Mike Leskinen: Andrew, I think it's a few years off still, let me get with my treasurer, Pam Hendry, and follow up with you on the precise year. It does depend on how CapEx moderates and it depends on that profitability, but it's still a few years off.
Operator: Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: I'll just keep it to one here at the end of the call. But maybe Scott or Mike, I mean coming back to the context that your stock is trading like 3 times or 4 times P/E probably for the second year here, and also giving you guys credit, because I know a lot of us didn't think you could hit those United Next targets so many years out. But you are guiding to roughly flat margins at the midpoint this year. And I think what investors are worried about is things you can control or at least perceived control like costs that are going up for the industry here. Is this just a continued view that United is going to decouple from industry trends where you're going to be able to drive margin premium? And I guess what can you give investors confidence that, that is the path forward here?
Mike Leskinen: I think that it's a structural change in the industry, and we see a ton of evidence in this year and I think eventually the investment community will see it as well. But there is an industry that has operated as a commodity industry and United and one of our legacy peers have clearly differentiated ourselves from the path. And that's leading customers to choose to fly our airlines, it's leading to the majority, if not all, of the revenue growth in the industry accruing to those two airlines, and that is happening simultaneous with cost convergence. That cost convergence, the whole reason that the low cost carriers existed was for -- is because they had lower costs. Those lower costs no longer exist. And so that creates, I think, a permanence to the higher margin, a sustainability to that higher margin. And where that settles, we still -- the jury is still out exactly where thats up, but it is higher and more stable and more resilient and that is not recognized by the capital markets today.
Operator: David Vernon from Bernstein.
David Vernon: So Andrew, I'd like to get some help from you if you can, in terms of helping to think through how some of the negative margin capacity that's going to be forced out of the industry is going to impact your fare ladder. Beyond the upward pressure sort of general maintenance, I'm just trying to like understand if we see a bunch of basic capacity rationalized, because some of these negative margin unbundled carriers have to take capacity out. How is that going to impact sort of basic fares versus economy fares? Anything you could give us to help translate that impact of capacity shift into what sort of impact it's going to have on your fare ladder would be really helpful.
Andrew Nocella: I mean I think that's probably a lot more detail than I can do on a conference call, to be honest. But just generally, unproductive capacity has been leaving the system. I think that's been good for the system and good for United. And so we'll manage our RM like we normally do to take advantage of all of the opportunities. But I just want to reiterate that our choice to diversify our revenues at the top of Polaris and at the bottom of Basic Economy is not something we're going to be giving up on. The Basic Economy is an important part of the airline, it is what our customers want, we will continue to provide choice. And we expect to provide more and more of it as our gauge increases. The competitive dynamics are what they are, I can't predict them. I only really can talk for United, and we'll obviously maximize our returns and do the right thing. But again, the diversified revenue streams that we're putting out there are really working for us across not only the fare ladder but our geographic dispersion of our flying. And so we couldn't be more pleased with our revenue results quarter-after-quarter, by the way, not just in Q4 and not just last year, and the outlook we have. If the industry is dynamic, it's always changing, we'll change with it. But it is, I think, a good time to be at United Airlines and be an investor in United Airlines.
David Vernon: And are you seeing any sort of benefit yet from some of that capacity rationalization as you look forward into to forward bookings, or do you think that's something that's going to develop as we get through the year?
Andrew Nocella: I think our outlook for Q1 for domestic PRASM says it all.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call [Operator Instructions]. David Slotnick of The Points Guy.
David Slotnick: I know you talked about London and about slower growth across the Atlantic. I was wondering if you could talk a bit more from a consumer perspective. There's been some talk just about all the capacity across the Atlantic next summer. Do you see any impact on ticket prices, do you see them going down or up, just given all that?
Andrew Nocella: David, what I would tell you is that we're prepared for an incredibly strong summer. As I've said numerous times, we decided to go slow this year. We've tilted more of our capacity, particularly in Q1 to Southern Europe. And that's probably what I would say the biggest change is what we see with the consumer is that destinations in Spain and Italy have become more year round destinations than seasonal. And that is new post pandemic and we're reacting to it and moving more and more capacity out of Northern Europe, out of London Heathrow or Germany and into Southern Europe, and we'll probably do more of that again next year. In terms of the price points, I'm not going to exactly predict that at this point. We don't really talk about pricing. But I would just say, we expect a really strong summer across the Atlantic. Our capacity is not growing materially. And we think that's going to really allow us to get all of the capacity we've added over the last few years to be mature and incredibly and solidly profitable in 2024.
Operator: Rajesh Singh from Reuters.
Rajesh Singh: Scott, you made some comments on CNBC this morning that MAX grounding broke the camel's back. Do you have confidence in Boeing's current playership that it will be able to fix its problems that some people will have called the leadership into question and have faltered it for all the quality problems. So do you have confidence in the current leadership?
Scott Kirby: Boeing has a storied history and thousands of great people. They're one of the best engineering, they're one of the best technology companies in history, they've been a great American company, their biggest exporter. I have -- they're going through a rough patch right now, but I believe that Boeing is across the board from top to bottom is committed to changing and fixing it. I'm encouraging them to do it even faster. And it is going to impact United in the near term because of some of the challenges they've had, but there are great people there and they will get it together. And we are their biggest -- at critical times, we're also their biggest cheerleader. There's no one that's a bigger supporter that wants Boeing to succeed outside of Boeing than me, and I'll do everything I can to help.
Rajesh Singh: Just one clarification, Scott, about your comments about MAX and some people are misconstruing it that you are planning to cancel the order. Can you clarify your comments about MAX 10?
Scott Kirby: We are not canceling the order. We are taking it out of our internal plans. And so we're taking out of our internal plans and we'll be working on what that means exactly with Boeing. But Boeing is not going to be able to meet their contractual deliveries on at least many of those airplanes. And Ill just leave it at that.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2023. My name is Silas and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Edwards, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Silas. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina. I want to start today by saying how heartbroken we are by the horrific attacks on Israel and the escalating conflict in the region that has millions of innocent people in harms way. Here at United when tragedy strikes anywhere around the world, we focus first on safety and second on how we can use our unique capabilities to help. While we suspended our service to Tel Aviv, we were the first U.S. carrier to add extra flights to Athens where customers connect from airlines operating between Tel Aviv and Athens. We also upgauged some regularly scheduled flights to Athens, added a dedicated Tel Aviv support desk and continued flying to Oman and Dubai to maximize flexibility for our customers with tickets to Tel Aviv. Were closely monitoring the situation on the ground and staying in close touch with State Department officials so that we can resume service as soon as possible. We look forward to cessation of violence in the region, and as weve done in the past crises around the globe, we expect United to continue to play a meaningful role in the humanitarian response. Turning back to the business, I want to start by welcoming Mike to the leadership team. You all know him well, but Im excited to have him as a partner who agrees with my no excuses approach, who is a 100% committed to making United work for our employees, customers and shareholders. I also want to congratulate Kristina for her recent announcement as a -- from Crains here in Chicago as one of the top 40 Under 40. The third quarter was another solid milestone to demonstrate that United Next is working as we expected, and the growth we are adding is profitable. Though fuel spiked this quarter, were very encouraged about our results. Its clear to see why from the numbers. Our top line revenue grew 12.5% to $14.5 billion, making it the highest third quarter in our history. Our costs were also on track with our plans as we delivered strong operations in both August and September. Uniteds diverse revenue streams have also allowed us to handle variations in demand and produce solid, absolute, and even better relative results. Its evident in the numbers. United and one other airline expected to count for 98% of the total industry revenue growth this quarter, and over 90% of the industrys total pre-tax profitability. Even in a tough industry environment, Uniteds diverse model is building strong, absolute, and even more impressive relative margins. So, what is it about revenue diversity that makes us different? First, because of our size and industry leading global network, our loyalty program is the most attractive program in the world for customers, and therefore generates significantly directly earned EBIT, significant loyalty, but also significant opportunity to do even more with it in the future. Expect to hear a lot more details from us on this front, starting at an investor day in early 2024. Second, we have unmatched geographic diversity with the largest domestic network complemented by the largest long-haul international network, and both are solidly profitable. While this is a great attribute, it does create some short-term risk and volatility as were seeing right now with the transitory hit to margins this quarter, as a result of the tragedy in Israel. Third, we feel that both business travelers, its been nice to see recent momentum in that segment, but also increasingly the leisure customers as well. Weve gotten a lot more agile at pivoting capacity in the leisure markets and not surprisingly have found that our core customers can now fly us in both business and leisure markets as we add seats to leisure destinations. Our ability to move domestic capacity in the leisure markets when theyre strong is a consequential driver of our strong relative revenue performance. And fourth, we continue to advance and improve our segmentation efforts. This is a project almost a decade in the making, but all the way from Basic Economy, which just allows us to compete profitably on price on the low end and all the way up to Polaris on long-haul international, United is able to give our customers the real choice they want. So, what does that mean going forward? In short, its a confirmation that United Next is working as we expected. We thought the industry operating environment would be difficult. We thought that medium term capacity aspirations would be higher than demand growth. We thought that domestic would be a lot tougher than international, in the short to medium-term. But we also thought United would win share, grow our gauge and grow our connectivity, and that would allow United specifically to improve our results. By the way, we also expected and now believe itll happen even faster, that the domestic market is going to see a shakeout that leads to an improvement in margins over the medium to long-term. Its impossible to call the timing exactly, but I guess that we see meaningful industry changes by 2H 24. And for what its worth, thats what has happened every single time weve been through one of the cycles in my career. And as that is happening, Ill continue closely tracking the airline industry revenue to GDP relationship. Ive talked about this in the past. That ratio declined by approximately 35% in the past few decades. I dont think well make all that up, but almost everything we do make up goes straight to the bottom-line. So, in conclusion, Im proud of the team at United. Were creating something special here. Even in a tough industry environment, were producing strong absolute results while producing the best relative results in our history. We believe we have a lot of runway ahead of us with United Next in our diverse revenue streams, along with our ability to catch up on gauge and connectivity positioning United well. We expect that the current stress in segments of the industry is also going to lead to structural changes that lay the foundation for an even better future for United, our employees, our customers, and our shareholders. With that, Ill turn it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott. And thank you to each member of the United team. Your dedication is what continues to propel us to the top. I also want to acknowledge the tragic conflict in Israel. At United, our top priority is the safety of our crews and customers. We are closely monitoring the situation. Following our coordination with the State Department, we have suspended flights to Tel Aviv till the end of October, and we are offering waivers to impacted customers. We will continue to monitor the situation and adjust as needed. Mike will provide more detail on the impact of these capacity adjustments shortly. Last quarter, we announced changes to our operation at Newark to better hedge against disruptions, including taking advantage of FAA granted waivers to reduce our flight schedule along with the necessary airspace relief in the highly congested region. While July was a difficult weather month, the Newark waivers and other proactive measures to improve reliability helped avoid pre-pandemic levels of ATC-related delays. In the third quarter, delayed arrivals were down 16 points versus the third quarter of 2019. Additionally, in August, we had the fewest cancels of any August in history, while operating the third largest quarter widebody schedule effort. In September, the FAA granted extensions to the New York airspace waivers, allowing the ability to maintain a reduced flight schedule at Newark that will help minimize air traffic delays through the rest of the year. The flexibility enabled by waivers are proving to be successful in ensuring operational reliability and resiliency at our largest international hub and have meaningfully improved the travel experience for our customers traveling in and out of Newark and throughout our network. Looking to our system operations. During the quarter, we carried over 482,000 revenue passengers daily, the most in any quarter in Uniteds history with top-tier system customer D:00 in August and September. Were grateful to the FAA for allowing us to make necessary adjustments in Newark and thank our employees who worked hard to get our customers to their destinations safely and on time. While most of our network has recovered to 2019 capacity levels or beyond, our China network has been last to recover. At the start of the quarter, we were operating four flights a week from San Francisco to Shanghai. And this month, we increased that to a daily flight. Next month, we will be the first U.S. airline to return to Beijing with a daily flight from San Francisco. We believe this measured approach to bringing China capacity back on line is appropriate as demand slowly recovers. These increased flights are a significant step forward in rebuilding our Asia Pacific network. Late last month, our pilots ratified their industry-leading agreement. This contract enables us to continue providing great career opportunities in United, and Im excited for the future as we continue to execute our United Next plan. At this point, we ratified agreements for four out of our five major work groups. Flight attendants represented by AFA are in active negotiations, and we look forward to sharing an update when we have one. As a reminder, we began accruing for pilot pay rate increases in the first quarter of this year. Our outlook has and continues to represent our expectation for this agreement. And with that, I will hand it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. Total revenue for the third quarter increased 12.5%, 1 point ahead of our guidance midpoint. TRASM was down 2.8%, PRASM was down 1% and capacity increased 15.7% year-over-year. Capacity came in a bit below our original outlook, mostly due to the changes in our Hawaii flying levels in response to the fires. Its nice to come in ahead of our revenue outlook as the strong Q3 outcome further validates that our United Next commercial strategies are working well and that we have differentiated United from our competition. Demand for the Atlantic and the Pacific was truly outstanding, and we see that trend continuing into the fourth quarter. Third quarter domestic PRASM results were consistent with our year-over-year performance in the second quarter of down 2.1 points. In other words, we saw no real change in our domestic trends in the quarter-over-quarter review. Our focus on prudent gauge growth centered in our hubs resulted in strong positive marginal revenue on our incremental capacity. We did focus a majority of our third quarter growth on international flying. International capacity increased 22%. International PRASM was up 1.3% year-over-year. International profit margins remain well ahead of domestic, though domestic margins remain solidly profitable. We also saw strong performance across most of the globe. Clearly, Europe was a standout with capacity being up 12% and with positive PRASM performance. Asia Pacific led international PRASM up 3.8% on 86% more capacity. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect total revenue to be up approximately 10.5% on approximately 15.5% more capacity. This implies TRASM will be down around 4.5% year-over-year. Our guide assumes we begin limited service to Tel Aviv again in November. Tel Aviv accounts for approximately 2% of Uniteds consolidated capacity. As we think about the sequential trend in unit revenues, I know many of you are wondering if we are seeing a slowdown. Resurgence of the Pacific flying is resulting in many long-haul flights being added, increasing Uniteds long-haul international scheduling by 5 points versus Q3. Uniteds Q4 unit revenue expectations are consistent with Q3 adjusted for stage. United has taken full advantage of the demand surge across the Pacific with capacity being added to key markets, including the long pending resumption of daily flights to Beijing and Shanghai from San Francisco and the addition of Manila, just to name a few. Having done capacity plan in my entire career, I havent said that our team is the best in the business. United properly allocated our 2023 growth to international markets over domestic and in domestic markets, we wisely invested in gauge, not scope or depth. Less than 1% of Uniteds domestic capacity this winter is in new markets, not in 2019. Capacity planning for 2024 will be even more important to achieve our financial goals. While were not going to provide guidance for 2024 today, we have plans to let the 30% growth weve added to the Atlantic since 2019 mature in 2024 and expect to fly at similar level of capacity in 24 as 23. We also plan on little to no growth for the first half of next year on domestic flying. This preview of our 2024 capacity, I think, will allow United to continue to produce top-tier results as we align with industry conditions. I wanted to touch on a few other important commercial elements today as well. Recently, the question I get asked the most often by our frequent flyers is about potential changes to achieve premier status on United. The good news is we have no material changes planned for 2025 program year. Weve carefully managed our premier population in recent years to maintain a robust and valuable set of benefits for each premier member. We very much believe in never causing a situation where everyone has a premier status which obviously results in no one receiving an adequate level of premier benefits. Our United strategy to offer premier members access to more premium seats than each of our competitors is enhancing the value of our frequent flyer loyalty program. I also wanted to take a moment to talk about revenue segmentation. Weve worked really hard on perfecting segmentation of our products in recent years. Not only do we have multiple product types appealing to a broad range of customers but we also have new, more effective ways to distribute our products by united.com and NDC technology. United is, of course, very focused on growing all of our premium products, given where our hubs are located. When I look back at where United was in 2017, we simply didnt offer premium products that many of our best customers were willing to pay for. We put a plan in place with United Next to correct this disconnect in our commercial plans and were making quick progress. Premium Plus is one of our best examples of segmentation and has been a huge success. Premium Plus third quarter 2023 capacity is 5 times that of 2019, with revenue up 7 times 2019 and is now our most profitable cabin. Premium Plus is now offered on all twin engine international aircraft to United and also will be onboard our new A321XLR jets, which replace our 757 starting in 2025. Another important driver of revenues has been the success of domestic first class. We plan on increasing our first class seats per departure from 9 in 2019 to 16 by 2027, an 80% increase. This increase in first class seats comes as more and more customers are seeking elevated experiences. Uniteds Basic Economy product represents the other side of the spectrum compared to many of our premium products. Basic has made United more competitive versus ultra low-cost competitors and giving our customers more choices. Basic Economy is now 12% of our domestic passengers, and we expect to be even more competitive in this segment of the market in the future with the arrival of our large narrow-body jets in 2024 and 2025. These new jets have low marginal CASMs allowing United to be price competitive with anyone at any time. While it took time to perfect the offer and we are only in the early stages of inducting these jets, Basic has changed the competitive dynamics of our industry. I think its also becoming increasingly clear that Uniteds core business model of multiple product choices and expanding club network, experience levels from Basic Economy to Polaris provide travelers choices, and for Uniteds growing premium product choices travelers are willing to pay for. Beyond segmentation, Uniteds network split evenly between domestic and global capacity. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Thank you for standing by. We are now live again to the audience.
Andrew Nocella: Ill just end with diversified revenue streams provide United with a resiliency other business models will just not ever achieve. RASM-accretive gauge growth focused in our hubs in turn provides United with the unmatched ability to create cost convergence for years to come with our low-cost providers. Thanks again to the best team in the business. And with that, I will hand it off to Mike.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the results, I want to take a minute to say how honored and excited I am to join the United executive team during such a transformative time. Industry dynamics are constantly changing, and I continue to see the incredible opportunity ahead for United. We believe our no excuses mentality and clear strategy with United Next are laying the foundation for success. I look forward to continuing the conversations Ive had with the investment community thus far in my new role, and Im excited to lead the talented finance team here at United. Now lets turn to the results. For the third quarter, we delivered pretax earnings of $1.6 billion and a pretax margin of 10.8%. Our earnings per share of $3.65 was ahead of expectations as our revenue growth came at a full point ahead of our guidance midpoint. Thanks to the amazing commercial team for their great work. They truly are the best in the business. Fuel remains volatile and worked against us in the quarter. Our average fuel price for the quarter ended $0.30 higher than the midpoint of our July expectation and more than accounts for the entirety of the reduced outlook for the third quarter. Our CASM-ex remained on track at up 2.6% versus the third quarter of 2022. Our operation to Tel Aviv has been impacted by the recent events in the region and is materially impacting our outlook as this market represents approximately 2% of our capacity. For the fourth quarter, we expect CASM-ex to be up approximately 3.5%, with capacity up 15.5%, both versus the fourth quarter of last year. Our guidance incorporates no service to Tel Aviv through the end of October. If flights are further suspended through the end of the year, it would reduce capacity by an additional approximately 1.5 points and add approximately 1.5 points of CASM-ex as its very difficult to cut the associated expenses related to this flying so close in. These changes bring capacity for the full year, up around 17.5% year-over-year, just below our guidance. Were proud of that result given all the headwinds United and our industry faced, a huge testament to the hard work of our operations team. Lower capacity along with elevated maintenance expense has pressured CASM-ex and pushed us above the high end of our CASM-ex range for the full year. For the fourth quarter, we expect earnings per share of approximately $1.80 with an average fuel price of approximately $3.28. Absent our Tel Aviv flying through the rest of the year, our fourth quarter earnings per share would be reduced by approximately $0.30. Looking ahead to 2024, we feel good about the core fundamentals of our expenses. However, we are facing sizable headwinds with labor in expectation of a new flight attendant agreement and continued higher maintenance expense. We believe our capacity growth, along with improvements in utilization are helpful tailwinds as we manage down expenses. We are working through our 2024 budget and new projections for 2024 capacity, CASM-ex and our other financials, and well provide a customary guidance on our January call. On the fleet, in the third quarter, we took delivery of 18 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft and paid for 14 of those aircraft with cash. We expect to take delivery of 20 737 MAX aircraft in the fourth quarter, and we took delivery of our first Airbus A321neo last week. This is a reduction of 12 aircraft versus our plan in July for the second half of the year. Due to these aircraft shifting into 2024, we now expect our full year 2023 adjusted capital expenditures to be approximately $8 billion. Earlier this month, we announced our order for 60 A321neos and exercised options for 50 787s for delivery in 2028 and beyond. Managing the delivery skyline for the future of United is critical. This order builds on the successes we are already seeing with United Next and reflects our confidence as we extend our planning into the next decade. With the retirement of our Boeing 757 and 767 fleet later this decade, these aircraft are important additions as we work towards fleet simplification and capitalize on our cost reduction opportunity. Turning briefly to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with almost $19 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. Before we end our prepared remarks today, its important to recognize that while our financial results remain strong, as an industry, we are facing new and unique challenges. Our growth has helped us deliver strong relative cost performance, and thats even before we begin the accelerated gauge growth that we expect will come from the 737 MAX 10 and the A321 additions to our fleet. We are committed to continuing to deliver industry-leading cost performance. And this will form the foundation for continued cost convergence and improving absolute profitability. And because our growth is focused on our hubs, were also growing with industry-leading PRASM. There are and will always be headwinds facing our industry, but as we enter 2024, United has great momentum, and Im confident of very bright future. With that, Ill hand it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Silas, please describe the procedure to ask questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker: So following up on some of the prepared remarks, probably for Andrew or maybe Scott, I cant recall a time when theres been such a CASM between domestic yields at United and those of the LMAs. How would you rank order the drivers of this? How much is reflective of low-end consumer weakness? How much is your own success with Basic Economy, how much is loyalty, maybe the LMAs are just selling out too far in advance. Just trying to assess the permanence of the phenomenon, so if you could rank order the drivers, that would be great.
Andrew Nocella: Hi Jamie. Ill try to give that a try. I mean, rank order them maybe a little difficult, but lets see what we can do. I do think your question is really one of the most important questions that anyone could ask today because theres such a difference occurring versus the past. And clearly, what I think I would start off is theres a large range of business models today that didnt exist in years past in this business. And these models are clearly creating winners and losers in a way many of us did not anticipate during the pandemic. I recall telling all of you on the Q1 2022 call that industry domestic margins will be challenging post-pandemic. Clearly, the thinking at the time was -- for most, at least, was that all airlines would be pressured equally at best are the legacy carriers even more so. Right? It was widely assumed that lower margin, higher cost legacy carriers, which shrink rebalance in supply and demand, an outcome that has happened so many times in the past, so why not again? The number of times I heard that the airline with the lowest cost wins the race, I cant even begin to count. So, that kind of sets up what about the business models has shifted so much to cause this paradigm change were seeing today. Why are these low-cost airlines so unprofitable? Why does United have top tier results? And first, I just want to be really clear. Uniteds domestic network is profitable. So its not simply our great global network thats creating this outcome for us. The first issue, of course, Mike talked about it is cost. Every airline has to manage higher inflationary cost pressures with the lowest cost carriers cost structure relative to the legacy carriers are clearly converging. The shrinking cost gap is just a fundamental shift for United and our industry. And I guess, I would rank that number one. You said its impossible to run your airline like its 2019. High utilization was a critical ingredient for success of certain models, and thats simply not possible, where we are today. And also having large labor cost differentials are not possible. Low-cost carriers also tend to operate at a very high gauge already. It will be much more difficult for them to drive cost materially lower with larger gauge planes like United. United has increased domestic gauge more than any airline since 2019, and our plan is to push that even further in the years to come. Another issue that I think we should talk about is its difficult for many to grasp is not every ASM is created equal. Its easy to mistake often in the middle of really large spreadsheets that everyone uses to evaluate our outlook, right? At United, we proved this point early in 2018 and 19 with our growth and revenue performance and we just did it again in Q3. Market saturation of the low-cost business model in certain regions is creating very low marginal RASMs for some of our competitors. In fact, many of our competitors have marginal revenue percentages that are negative. There are only so many seats Florida, Cancun or Vegas can support in such a short period of time. Also low-cost carriers generally must operate a very large gauge equipment to have low-cost without the connectivity benefit of the hub-and-spoke business model, expansion of the low-cost model into smaller and medium-sized markets with these very large jets lacking connectivity just creates low marginal RASMs. Market saturation and the mismatch of gauge and other connectivity continues to plague certain business models. Expansion opportunities with this type of business model are not endless in our view, but in response to that shortcoming, many of our domestic competitors have doubled down with plans for even more growth in 2024. 2024 marginal growth in markets will absolutely be no better than 2023. No airline network team would say, lets add the bad markets in 2023, so we can save the good ones for 2024. The other factor is the percentage of ASMs that these airlines have in new markets. Very fast growth rates simply create a high percentage of new capacity, which by its nature in the best of times is below average. The fourth quarter -- this fourth quarter, United has less than 1% of our ASMs in new markets versus 19. This is an absolute difference maker. And capacity growth is designed as a strategy to maintain low cost without revenue accretive markets to add the entire business model can break. And that is what we think is happening right now. Uniteds domestic capacity growth has always been about correcting a gauge mismatch created by the overuse of high-cost passenger and friendly single-class regional jets. At United, we have this diversity of revenue streams that provide us long-term stability and earnings that a one-dimensional plan will never achieve. We have a range of products, including array of premium seating options thats increasingly popular with our travelers. We fly as much capacity in global markets as we do domestically. We fly to big cities and small. We have a great hub-and-spoke business model. United has significant margin accretive growth, and weve proven that time and time again. Uniteds business model can support dramatically higher gauge and once added, we spill less and less traffic to others. Uniteds higher gauge will create more and more cost conversions between now and 2027. The complexity of Uniteds product offering is not a disadvantage. It in fact is a structural advantage that generates revenues more than the cost it creates by the complexity and just cannot be replicated. In the past, United and other legacy carriers that have emerged from the crisis smaller, creating excess planes and other resources for others to grow. This time, that will not happen. This time around, it is not United with the low margins. We will not adjust our plans. Uniteds focus on global markets has clearly won the day in Q3, and you can see that in the results. Our focus on domestic gauge is absolutely the right one. Well no longer spill as much revenue to others as weve done in the past. Our focus on basic fares means well be able to be even more competitive. United will moderate our domestic growth plan, as I said earlier, for the first half of 2024 because were focused on building our Asia Pacific line where we see the strongest short-term results. But I have to say, maybe in our timing, there may be off to a few other -- the timing may be off, Jamie, but the quarters are coming, and theres a lot of other variables. And I truly am confident that sooner or later, the industry will rebalance like it has done in the past, and the United and a few others with similar diversified revenue streams are going to come out on top. I know that was a long answer.
Jamie Baker: Andrew, thats great. I really do appreciate it. But let me just follow up with a quick philosophical question. If spill carriers cant make money but full-service airlines can, doesnt that suggest were actually at the optimal amount of domestic capacity rather than the oversupply that investors keep asking me about?
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess, Ill try now. Its hard to follow, Andrew. That was a great answer and very comprehensive. And probably why we feel that -- what Andrew said is why we feel so different that I recognize everyone on this call feels or that the market feels. We feel really confident about where were headed, what this means for margins out in 2026, by the time were there. We just feel really confident. But without answering the question about sort of overall industry capacity, I kind of at a high level, think of this, Jamie, to me, one of the most remarkable statistics this quarter is that 90% of the industry revenue growth is going to be at two airlines and 90% of the pretax profitability. We just have better model. And what weve tried to do is we went through -- the goal was to create an airline that had better product service experience for customers across the board. We cant just be a leisure airline. We cant just be a low fare airline. We cant just be a premium airline. We need to deliver for all customers. We try to create products that are better on the high end, but all the way down to the low end. I believe strongly that air travel is not a commodity. Some of the industry thinks its a commodity. And thats how you get the low-cost wins, if you believe its a commodity. I do not think that. And I think we are proving -- our results of two airlines are proving that air travel is not a commodity. So without commenting on what the total industry growth is, what is happening is to have that differentiated product service experience, getting almost all of the revenue growth and customers are voting with their wallets that those models are working.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Congratulations, Mike, on your promotion, and Kristina on your recognition. Scott, Im going to go to the other end, kind of the side of your business that caters to, call it, the higher-end consumer. And I guess when I think about just the recent top-up order on the 787s, adding to your current order, I mean, its significant. I think its actually one of the largest widebody orders out there, at least for a U.S. carrier. Is the internal thinking at United just given the shape of the OEMs, whether its the manufacturers or the engine makers that we could be facing maybe some kind of widebody shortage in the back half of this decade? What are your thoughts on that?
Andrew Nocella: Mike, Ill give it a try. I do think the production lines for widebody jets dont produce nearly as many aircraft as the narrow-bodies, as you know. So, there are definitely not as many that are going to be produced. But more to the point, the widebodies we just ordered are for 2028 and beyond. And its really our confidence in our plan, but its particularly our confidence that we are going to increasingly pivot in the latter part of the decade to global growth and not domestic growth. And so, we secured those positions. Were confident well use them. We have a significant fleet of 777s and 767s that need to retire at some point later this decade, at least for the 767 for sure. And so with the number of retirements we have, the confidence in our plan and some of the OEM issues that you just brought up, this just made sense. Again, its for 2028 and beyond. Its a long time away. But we are really confident in the plan. Were confident that global growth, we will have to lean into that, and we will want to lean into that in the latter part of the decade.
Mike Leskinen: Hey Mike, this is Mike. Ill pile on. With the delays in the supply chain, theyve become persistent. And so, part of what were doing is controlling Skyline for a longer period of time than we have historically. This industry has been an industry that has in the past gone from putting out fire to fire. And United Next strategy is putting us on a firmer footing to plan for the longer term. So a, I want to highlight that the contractual delivery dates, theyve been pushing to the right. And well probably continue to see that. And you see us -- as you see us playing internally, well have some expectation of continued slipping. But make no mistake, we will make adjustments to the order book and the delivery times in a way that maximize the returns to our shareholders. And we will focus on return on invested capital in addition to our pretax margin as we take delivery of those aircraft.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And just one quick follow-up. Just any early thoughts on maybe this proposed regulation around credit cards and maybe a cap on merchant fees. I know, its proposed legislation, so it obviously has to go through a process, but any sort of early take on it or maybe its a TBD?
Scott Kirby: Im happy to answer that. Look, it would be really, really bad policy for consumers in this country. Its a bill that would -- 84% of U.S. consumers have some kind of rewards card in their wallet, I bet almost everyone on this call has one. And they like them, and they like them a lot. Our customers certainly like them a lot. And so I think itd be hard in Congress to take a vote that 84% of your voters are going to be upset with the outcome of that vote. And by the way, this will kill rewards program, it would not exist anymore, will kill debit card rewards programs when it happens. And I think its a bad policy. And I also think it kind of misses the mark because in the credit card is just a couple of things. And this is the mark with small businesses. I understand the frustration with small businesses. But small businesses are actually -- theres middleman in between credit card companies, the banks and the small businesses. And I think thats probably where the bulk of the issues are. Some of those middlemen charge square charges as little as 35 basis points, and some of those middlemen are charging businesses 300 or 400 basis points. And so, I think, it probably misses the mark. And then the final point would be, its remarkable how good the cybersecurity is at the credit card process. Theyve invested heavily in it. Its not easy to replicate. And think about how many billions of transactions are happening every day and how rare breaches or problems are. And so, I think, this is one of those that Ive spent now a fair amount of time in D.C. talking to people. They didnt know much about it before because as its come up. But as you talk to people about it, they more and more say, well, those are a bunch of good points. We need to go through regular order, we need to examine this. And so I think as long as we do that, as long as we examine it through regular order, which is the right way to pass consequential legislation, the facts will win today and nothing is going to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Just on cost. Im trying to understand the trends between your core cost performance and just how these supply chain transitory issues that youve laid out are kind of impacting. I realize that its probably really hard to tell right now, but you could just frame up when you think some of these potential transitory cost pressures may ease next year? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Mike Leskinen: Conor, this is Mike. Let me take a shot at that. And I will acknowledge the 4Q CASM headwind we faced versus our expectations earlier in the year. Let me try to size that. We expect to fly in the fourth quarter about 3 points lower than we thought just three months ago. Now 2 points of that is due to captain upgrade issue that Scott talked about on our last earnings call. The Captain Upgrade issue has impacted the entire industry. We have navigated that really well at United but it did hit us here at the end of the year. Our new contract with ALPA does fix that. And so the -- on the horizon, we have a full expectation that that constraint goes away. But for the fourth quarter, that caused 2 of the 3 points. The other point was due to the violence in Tel Aviv and the loss of that flying. That is something that we can reposition over time, and we would expect to be able to serve Tel Aviv when the violence ceases. And so, those three full points coming out relatively rapidly, you cant take the cost out. That was the majority of the CASM -- of the increase in the CASM for the fourth quarter. Industry is facing other issues, but thats what happened here at United. And we expect to mitigate that in 2024 and beyond. The other issue, which Im not sure how persistent is yet is that maintenance cost. Maintenance costs throughout the years have been higher than we expected. And for United, its been -- a big piece has been the increased need for spare parts. Thats on aircraft, but particularly when we repair engines as the work scope has been larger than expected. Some of that is related to supply chain, and its difficult to see when that ends. I will add -- and so those were the two components, majority capacity and then some additional headwinds for maintenance in the fourth quarter. Were not giving 2024 guidance at this time. The industry is facing cost pressures, inflationary cost pressures, labor cost pressures, maintenance cost pressures. What I will commit to today is that United will be industry-leading in how we manage our costs. Cost convergence is a structural trend. It is what is causing the lower-cost carriers and theyre not lower cost for long, low cost carriers to struggle and it is a foundation to United Next. So I dont know where all thats going to settle. We will give you guidance as we would normally on the January conference call, but I will commit to industry-leading CASM going forward.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Thats super helpful. And then maybe just a little bit on -- so a lot of your cost stuff next year kind of seems like its somewhat capacity-related or delivery -- new delivery related. So, Im just trying to understand if you could maybe -- is there any swing capacity -- excess in capacity that you may be able to have that could protect some of that growth that you have next year that may be slowed as a result of some of these delivery delays?
Mike Leskinen: Conor, youre thinking about it the right way. But we are -- given all the constraints, we are working to -- in the incremental flights from United being quite profitable, given the great results from our commercial team. Were going to fly as much as we can to maximize profitability, but we do face some of those constraints. The key around the pressure of growing is you do need to hire folks on board before you actually add the ASM. And so thats a headwind United faces as long as were executing on the United Next strategy. Were going to work to optimize that. But, that doesnt go fully away until you would return to a slower growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine OBrien with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Catherine Maureen: I noticed in the release you called out the Basic Economy was up 50%, year-over-year. Andrew, can you just dig into what drove that? Is that 12% of domestic passengers? Is that up significantly? Is there also a pricing element?
Andrew Nocella: Its a good question. We -- last year, facing the surge in demand, just maybe the simplest way to say it is we sold out too soon and we didnt have appropriate room for these basic passengers and are gauge was smaller. And this year, as we get closer to implementing all of our United Next plan, we are much more careful not to sell out too soon. So our close-in bookings are actually quite strong. Its interesting to say that as I read commentary from around the rest of the industry that kind of says the opposite, and I do have to wonder whether one is tied to the other, obviously. But because we say we didnt sell out too soon because we have plenty of room and because we have just a normal booking curve for all this, we were able to accommodate those passengers in this quarter, unlike we did in the past. And with the new gauge aircraft coming in the future, well be able to continue to do that going forward. So, I think thats the simplest and easy explanation as to why you saw that change in our Basic Economy passengers. And look, its a product weve talked about a lot, provides choice for our customers, on the low end. We have lots of products on the high end as well. It gives us the diversity we need. And I think its really allowing us to compete very effectively with all of our competitors, but particularly our ultra-low-cost competitors.
Catherine Maureen: Thats great. And then maybe one for Mike, just on a follow-up on the delivery -- continued delivery delays were seeing. With the recent announcement on Pratt potentially putting pressure on engine availability and on neo deliveries, I dont think the MAX 10 has been certified yet, but correct me if Im wrong. How do we think about that delivery outlook for next year? Are there alternatives to the MAX 10 maybe you would consider, or -- I appreciate now that you guys have in the queue the contractual deliveries versus the expected. But should we expect to see that delta maybe grow when we get the Q later today?
Mike Leskinen: That is what we can do is we can manage our expected deliveries versus the contractual deliveries and size the business appropriately, the more that we hire workforce for aircraft that dont come, they arent delivered when we need them, the bigger that headwind is for us. And so, one of the first things I need to do in my new role is to properly size that buffer between expected and contracted delivery. So thats point one. Point two, we have older aircraft, and we will push some of those older aircraft to fly longer with expected delays in delivery. I happen to love that option because that is also a return on invested capital enhancing. And so, in the long run, we want to simplify the fleet and those MAX 10s are going to be structurally lower cost. Were excited about them. The A321s are fantastic aircraft. Both of those aircraft are fantastic for a network like United, where gauge -- we get a real advantage out of gauge. I expect those deliveries to really start to drive lower CASM in 2025, not 2024. And so, we should understand the timing of that. But weve got numerous levers to manage the delays from the supply chain, and we can do a better job optimizing based on delays that are becoming a little bit more predictable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: I just wanted to follow up on the commentary earlier about you need to cater to all customers, which I totally get kind of given the broad base of the market. But obviously, were seeing some of your peers try to push into premier or pushing into the low end. And just kind of the face of it feels like specializing may be an easier thing to go after than trying to cater to everyone with the network and the product you have. So just wanted to dig a little deeper into kind of why that strategy of kind of being everything to everyone rather than being just maybe a full-service premium network airline.
Andrew Nocella: Ill start. I assume others may want to chime in on this. But first, I think theres a really important distinction in your question that we need to clarify. Were not trying to be all things to all people within the United States or around the globe. There are parts of our network that dont cover every single market in the United States. And I think if you were to try and say we are going to cover every single O&D payer in the United States as the worlds largest airline, that would be incredibly challenging, and that is not something were trying to do. We are trying in our hubs and all the spokes we serve well from our hubs to make sure we offer a diverse range of products that appeal to all the customers that fly on United Airlines. And some of those customers, by the way, flying United Airlines for business and sometimes the same customers fly on United for leisure, vacation or other needs. And so, they have that optionality to purchase anything from Basic Economy to Polaris as part of that. And if they join MileagePlus, they have obviously a larger chance to get upgraded into our large premium economy sections or into our first class cabins, which are growing. So that diverse set of revenue streams. I know others -- I know it sounds complicated, but it is our secret recipe. It is what the market wants. Its what our customers want. And we are not trying to be all things to all people. Were trying to make sure for the customers that fly United that they have a range of product choices for the particular trip theyre going to take on that journey.
Scott Kirby: And I would say it as -- it is more complicated. Youre right. Its simpler if youre going to only try to appeal to one niche. But the niches are small. The number of markets that exist that you can only be a low-fare, low-cost commoditized player is -- the number one market that exists, but you can only be a premium airline is even smaller. And so, theyre just tiny niches, and were a big airline.
Mike Leskinen: Ill just pile on. We fly 200 million passengers annually. And those passengers fly for different reasons, and they -- and the passengers will shift from leisure to business passengers throughout their life. And so it is important that we serve all of them and we serve all of them with a product that suits their needs.
Ravi Shanker: Thats very helpful color. Thank you for that. And maybe as a quick follow-up, and apologies if I missed this earlier. There is some speculation about us potentially being at peak international right now, specifically peak transatlantic. What would you say to that kind of going into 2024, kind of do you see enough runway? I think you said in the coming out of the summer of 2022 that 2023 would be a lot bigger and kind of had that visibility? Are you confident that that strength can continue in 2024 as well?
Andrew Nocella: Well, Id say right now, particularly today, for example, we continue to see strength across Atlantic. We particularly see it to Southern Europe, I can tell the industry does by all of our changes, and thats great to see. So we think that the trends are going to continue. That being said, I did say earlier in my comments that we are going to give the Atlantic a rest. Weve run a lot since 2019 for sure. And this year, it will be a year of basically no capacity growth across the Atlantic. I said I wasnt going to give capacity guidance, but clearly, thats a big hint for a big part of the airline. So, sorry, Mike. And the other thing Ive said is like the last part of the world to recover is Asia. And Asia is still, however you want to look at it, very strong, were growing a lot of capacity on the front. And were going to focus our efforts where we see that growth, where we see the profitability opportunity. And if you look at our schedules going into next year, you can see that a gigantic percent change in our capacity is, in fact, Asia. So, we put the capacity where we think we need to put it. Were really bullish on international. We come a long way. Its very profitable. And theres a lot more to come. And as I said, in the latter part of this decade, I think well lean into it even further. We have the right hubs, right gateways where we have the leading business demand, the leading leisure demand and the leading cargo demand. And that recipe is just unique to United, and were going to take full advantage of it.
Mike Leskinen: I spoke to an earlier question around the -- I spoke to an earlier question around the constraints to industry capacity. And theres nowhere that thats more true than for widebody aircraft. In addition to that, as Andrew alluded to, but Ill just emphasize, we have the best international gateways leaving the United States of any carrier. And so this is where, as Andrew says, we were born on third base, and were going to capitalize on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So Scott, yesterday, you said that adjustments are inevitable and you expect them by the second half of 24. I guess, Im wondering what -- are you just talking about there are going to be capacity cuts by the second half next year? Are you talking about something bigger than that? And then, when -- yes, go ahead.
Scott Kirby: Well, Im not going to predict what the exact changes are going to be, but heres what Id say. Theres been a structural change in the industry. And the structural changes Ive hinted at this earlier in todays call. I dont think air travel is a commodity. Some in the industry think it is, I do not. I think product service experience matter. Everything weve been doing in the last three years has been focused on improving that for our customers. Thats true across the board, from the premium, but all the way down to the Basic Economy customers, and particularly as it pertains to low-cost carriers. I think theres three things that we have done that have completely changed the competitive dynamics there. First, as were growing with higher gauge, we now have low marginal CASMs on those big airplanes. We used to try to compete with them with regional jets, we couldnt compete. We had a high-cost product and we ran out of seat. We now have seats to sell on low marginal CASM on big growing airplane. Second is Basic Economy. And that is a product that is where we can be price competitive but offer a far superior product still than you can get on a low-cost carrier and still be price competitive. And the third is the pivot into leisure markets. Weve added more capacity and its done really well when weve added capacity into leisure market. And you put those three things together. And what weve tried to do is create a product that customers will choose. And so, what we try to do is create a cost-competitive product for customers but that is better, and so they will choose to fly United. And that is exactly what weve done. Thats why I see us have -- two airlines have 98% of the revenue growth. And that makes it hard if youre someone else. Im not going to predict what is going to -- what they have to do. But if I was at one of those airlines, Id be really worried about not having a competitive product with United Airlines. Thats the issue.
Scott Group: It strikes me, I dont think Ive heard you talk so much and then so positively about Basic Economy in a while. It feels like a change in tone or strategy. Can you just talk about that and why its happening now? Is it reflective of the competitive dynamic, the demand environment? Just feels like a change.
Scott Kirby: Look, I think it took us a while to work it out. It also helped that some of our competitors with the other direction. I mean charging people $99 at the gate and pay your employees a commission to take their purses away cross the line. And so while theyve gone in one direction, weve gone the other with an improved product. But the other thing thats really changed during the last year is we finally started to get the gauge right. We couldnt make this work when we were flying 650 regional jets around the country. And like -- thats why I like this is all coming together. I love when a plan comes together. This is coming together. And I know its not reflected in our stock price yet. And the market is skeptical of it. But this is a plan that is working exactly like we thought it would. And that is the big change for Basic Economy. Its a better product for us. Weve figured out how to make it work, but we now have the gauge to be able to sell the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Mike, I was going to congratulate you on the promotion, but given Im so far back in the queue. No, Im just kidding. Congrats on the step up here. I dont want to pile on, on Basic Economy, but I did think the disclosure was kind of interesting. You called out 50% growth, is that simply a function of kind of inventory availability. So this time last year, things were really tight and theyre a bit looser this year, so we can so we can drive that growth. And I guess, depending upon the environment, that 12% of customers was also an interesting stat. So, you can turn the dials and maybe you have kind of half of Spirit Airlines within United inventory to maybe kind of multiple Spirit Airlines within United inventory. Im guessing you probably pushed back on that metaphor, but maybe you could just speak to kind of inventory availability as a driver there.
Andrew Nocella: Well, well probably save that for a more smaller conversation, to be honest. What I would say is the comps last year, we just couldnt execute the way we wanted to execute. And so, its off a small base, it creates a big percentage, but it is a meaningful change. And as I said earlier, were going to lean into it. We have these big aircraft coming, and were going to be more competitive in the future, not less.
Operator: Helane Becker from TD Cowen. You are unmuted. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Kristina, congratulations. Given I was quoted in the article, I knew it was coming. And Mike, same to you. So heres my question. As I think about the fact that we have all these infrastructure issues, especially in the New York area that are going to persist for several years, how should we think about two things? You increased gauge, obviously, to capture the demand. But then theres a point where you want to capture higher ticket prices. So, whats the sweet spot where you can do both, where you can benefit from capacity limitations with higher aircraft and raise ticket prices so that you improve margins?
Scott Kirby: Helane, we think about it through a different prism. We want to provide a good experience to our customers. And New York and New Jersey have not been a good experience for a decade. And the core reason they have is there are more flight schedule than the airports could handle. We are -- we think it is a win for everyone, particularly starting with customers to have the number -- a realistic number of flights that the airport capacity and our traffic control handle in those airports, and were very grateful to the FAA for doing that or listening and follow through on that. And were anxious to serve as many customers as we can, and so we are upgauging. So were flying more seats. We fewer number of flights but more seats as were upgauging. And so, were focused on delivering for our customers, and that means flying bigger airplanes. Good news is bigger planes also have lower cost per seat. And when the operation runs better, its even lower cost per seat, which customers ultimately benefit from, and thats what were doing.
Helane Becker: So, is the conclusion that I should have that the revenue is what it would have been, had the infrastructure issue not existed and you flew more flights, but you would have had higher costs, right? This way, you have lower costs and the same amount of revenue. Is that right?
Scott Kirby: I dont know that Id kind of get into that level of detail you have in your spreadsheet. What I think is were going to have a much better experience for customers. I think, we will have lower costs because well have fewer irregular operations, and well have bigger airplanes. And I think that will probably keep prices certainly in line to growing with inflation, be better for our customers, and well be more profitable because we dont have all the expenses associated with disruption and we dont have a lot the frustration that comes from that -- from customers. I think this is one of those few situations where its a win-win-win for everyone.
Mike Leskinen: The worst thing from a cost perspective is irregular operations. Thats what surprises us. We built lots of buffers into the system to control for that. And with a better air traffic control, with airport that is capacity -- appropriately, we can do a lot more optimization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: I know its been a long call. I just want to get one more in here. But Andrew, I know youre not -- technically got into 2024, but you also mentioned domestic capacity, I believe in your prepared remarks, we should think about it being pretty much flat, I think, in the first half of the year. But maybe you can clarify that. And whats driving that? Because I know under your Next strategy, you did want to upgauge domestically. So, is this in concert with OEM delivery expectations, pilots, commercial? I mean, what are you seeing thats driving that?
Andrew Nocella: Were still putting our plan together. So I dont want to say its final. But -- and I did say in my prepared remarks that we would have -- I forget the exact words, but low type of really slow growth domestically. Look, our commercial efforts are just focused on overseas at this point. And across the Pacific, in particular, into the South Pacific and so were executing -- were going to execute really well on that capacity, in my opinion, and thats where our focus. As Mike said, there are a few constraints. We have OEM issues and all that kind of leads to that outcome. And we think its the right outcome for our capacity for next year. And well have a lot more to say in early 2024.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: I was wondering if you are seeing -- if you can kind of put into context how many requests for status matches youve seen since Delta made those changes last month. And then also on your push to premium, can you talk a little bit about the supply chain currently and how far behind you are on upgrading those cabins, and when you expect things to catch up?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Look, Ill give a little bit of commentary. Our status matches up dramatically. Yes. Is dramatically a big number? No. So, thats all Ill say on that front. And in terms of the signature interiors, we are definitely facing some constraints, but Ill pass that over to Toby, who runs that program for us.
Toby Enqvist: Thank you, Andrew. I think were about a year behind. But the good news is that were still taking in new deliveries. So were just right now flying about 120 airplanes that have the new interior design which we have gotten regularly, which is really good for us operationally as well because it has space for one bag for each passenger. So no bag has come out. So thats probably the biggest thing. So I think right now, were targeting 2026 for 100% to be complete.
Scott Kirby: Well, Id just add that this is another one of the things that United got right. We believe back in 2020 that there was going to be a full recovery in demand and thought that the pandemic as tough as it was represented a once in history opportunity to get prepared and invest for the future. So two of the things we did was get ahead of the curve and we built more club space. So we now have 49% more club space than we did before the pandemic. And we just opened our -- two largest clubs in our entire system that are great for customers. Feedback is awesome, one in Denver, one in Newark. So we plan ahead for that. And while the signature interiors are behind, we today have close to double the number of premium seats that we had pre-pandemic. So this is a team that started back in the summer of 2020 to prepare for the recovery in premium demand. And thats the reason Andrew said in his remarks, we dont need to change our programs and do anything because were prepared for this.
Leslie Josephs: Okay. And on the other end of the spectrum with Basic Economy, are customers just flying that because theyre more price sensitive now, or -- and I wasnt sure 50%, what percentage of your revenue is Basic Economy.
Andrew Nocella: Leslie, I would say, its likely a lot more share shift that in the previous quarters and years we didnt have the large gauge aircraft to accommodate all the different range of passenger types and product types adequately. And we are now just beginning, but we have a lot more flexibility, and were able to accommodate those passengers and it happened. And I think I would describe it as probably a fair amount of share shift.
Operator: Moving to the next caller, Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg News.
Mary Schlangenstein: I wanted to ask you about the situation in Israel. And whether you are assessing potential for that to spread to other areas and perhaps even to some areas of Europe where you may have to cancel more flights because people might be poking away over worries. And if youre seeing any of that already where thats shifted to other countries or other cities that you serve?
Scott Kirby: Were not seeing that at all.
Operator: Moving to our next caller, Justin Bachman from The Messenger. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: I wanted to go back to Scotts point about the industry landscape changing. And I was hoping that you might be able to elaborate a bit on that where -- if we are facing a situation where every American chooses to fly Delta and United, what does that suggest where -- for the rest of the industry as far as other players, do they become smaller, more niche or is there just too many airlines out there? I just wanted to see if you could expand on what that suggests over time.
Scott Kirby: I dont think it suggests that. But I think what we are proving is that customers care about quality product and service. And I think because of that, the airlines that succeed are going to invest in quality product and service. And if you dont do that, youre going to fail.
Mike Leskinen: And Justin, Im going to jump in on this as well. What has changed is cost convergence, right? At this point, were able to provide incremental seats to our customers at a price point that is competitive with the ULCCs and we provide a better product. And so customers are choosing to fly a better product at a similar price and we are just getting started.
Justin Bachman: Right. No, I fully understand that. Im just thinking, if you play that movie out, what does that suggest for the competitive landscape in two, three, four years if those trends continue and things dont continue as they have been.
Mike Leskinen: Thats a question for those airlines, not for us.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Edwards for closing remarks.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you all. This concludes todays conference, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2023. My name is Silas and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Silas. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Before I discuss our financial performance for the second quarter, I'd like to first address the operational challenges at Newark at the end of last month. I am extremely proud of the people of United for all they did to recover under very challenging circumstances. Our pilots, flight attendants, gate agents, contact center teams and others went above and beyond to inform and assist our customers in an extremely stressful situation. We are now doing more than ever to mitigate the impact of weather, congestion and other infrastructure constraints at Newark, and frankly, to build a schedule at Newark is more manageable given the frequency of weather events and the very real operating constraints that exist there even on blue sky day. Brett will highlight just a few of those changes shortly. But we have already put them in motion, weve already starting to improve the working experience for our people and travel experience for our customers. A bigger picture, this quarter was yet another proof point that our United Next strategy was correct and is working almost exactly as we expected. Over the past couple of years, I've talked a lot about three exogenous constraints facing the industry. But also the fact that those very constraints and challenges are going to set the table for improved financial results for the airline industry. One, pilot shortages; two, supply chain disruptions; and three, infrastructure limitations. At United, we have control over the first two constraints, pilot and supply chain, and we mostly got ahead of the curve and had minimal issues there. But we're probably as exposed or the most exposed to the infrastructure constraint since our hubs are in some of the largest and most crowded airports in the country. So now we're taking even more action to give us the ability to operate more reliably despite the infrastructure constraints. That means we've had to lower our capacity plans for the second half and therefore, raised our CASM-ex guidance. But the reality is that our CASM-ex will be better than it otherwise would have been because there's nothing as expensive as running an off-schedule operation and these changes are designed to get our operations, particularly at Newark, working at a level that reflects the fact that it only has one set of parallel runway operating in the most crowded airspace in the world. The flip side of this coin, however, is that these exogenous constraints were also the basis of our United Next strategy, and it is off to an incredible even record setting start. This was an all-time record quarter for pretax earnings and EPS on an adjusted basis. This performance reflects our success in building a strategy to, one, aggressively hire pilots; two, grow our Mid-Con hubs; three, upgauge our domestic fleet; and four, expand our wide-body fleet and international exposure in response to the trends that we identified at the beginning of COVID. Importantly, we now expect to deliver earnings per share of $11 to $12, even with incremental conservatism in our cost in the back half of the year. The vision and strategic outlook that we first identified nearly three years ago is happening. Cost convergence is happening, which has changed our business dramatically on the domestic front. Long term, positive structural changes to the international markets are also apparent in our results. We continue to anticipate that the GDP relationship between airline revenues has been reset higher due to cost conversions and will continue to improve. The outlook for United and our United Next strategy is incredibly bright, as highlighted by our financial results this quarter. This quarter demonstrates that we're ahead of our planned targets and the challenges to emphasize that the industry backdrop gives us a clear path to our 14% pretax margin in 2026. As we march towards that goal, we're focused on setting the airline up for success. I'm also pleased that we've reached an agreement on an industry-leading contract with ALPA. The four-year agreement once ratified will deliver a meaningful pay raise and quality of life improvements for our pilots. Thanks to the team for getting this across the finish line. We are well on our way to being the best airline in the history of aviation. United Next gave us an unbeatable head start on that goal as long as we execute and execute we will. Thanks again to the United team.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Brett.
Brett Hart : Thank you, Scott. Thank you to our United team for their hard work this quarter. As Scott mentioned, during the last week of June, we experienced one of the most challenging operational environments in United's history, impacting primarily our largest international  departure hub, Newark. Our hub locations make us disproportionately prone to weather and then in the second quarter, weather was particularly challenging, with 25 major irregular operation days accounting for 75% of our second quarter cancellations. Despite this, we are focused on setting United up for success, and being able to recover more quickly in the future.  We are implementing a few new initiatives in Newark that will improve our operation. First, we are reducing the total flying in the peak hours to align better with the capabilities of today's constrained operating environment. Second, we expect to have additional gating as we bring the remaining six gates in Terminal A online, two of which are additional wide-body gates as well as make additional tactical changes at United. Third, we are adjusting our schedules to increase our out-and-back flying to limit the downline system impact of any cancellations or delays. Fourth, we are increasing our resources and crew scheduling and accelerating the timeline of our technology enhancements and automation. Lastly and importantly, our partnerships with the FAA and Port Authority are essential to the airline's success. Collaboration and communication amongst these groups has never been stronger. To that end, Scott and our government affairs team continue to remain actively engaged in working with the administration and leaders in Congress to pass an FAA reauthorization bill. Legislation that equips the FAA with the resources, tools and funding they need isn't just essential to the success of our industry, it's among the best investments that we could make for the traveling public in the U.S. economy right now. And we're committed to continuing to advocate for a smart FAA reauthorization bill and to get it passed quickly. These are only a few of the initiatives underway, but combined with lower capacity, these adjustments add approximately 1 to 2 points of incremental year-over-year pressure to our 2023 CASM-ex. Gerry will go into more detail. But running a successful and efficient airline is critical and United is laser-focused on getting our customers to their destinations safely and on time. As we work to respond to these challenges, we are also investing in our customer experience. Recently, we announced new mobile app features that support our customers during travel disruptions. These first-of-their-kind tools will allow customers to rebook, track their bags and get meal and hotel vouchers when eligible on their personal device. It is important for us to provide our customers the resources they need for flight or their flight at their fingertips, especially when things don't go as planned.  As Scott mentioned, over the weekend, we reached a tentative agreement with our pilots represented by ALPA. We're thankful for the hard work our pilots put in every day, and this agreement is a representation of that. We are still in active negotiations with our flight attendants represented by the AFA, and have new agreements in place for all other work groups. The United team continues to be resilient. We're making real-time changes that directly impact the travel experience for our customers and for our employees, day-to-day. Proud to be a member of this team. I want to thank everyone for their unwavering hard work. And with that, I'll pass it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue graph.
Andrew Nocella : Thanks, Brett. I'd like to start off today by thanking the entire United team for their hard work and dedication in taking care of our customers, particularly during the final week of the quarter. Our financial results provide proof that our United Next plans are working and that the demand environment remains robust. United finished the second quarter with top line record quarterly revenues of [$14.2 billion]. Total revenues in the quarter were up 17%, ahead of our guidance of 14% to 16%. June was exceptionally strong and was our best revenue month ever. Since the start of June, we've had 13 of our 16 highest flown gross revenue days. TRASM in the quarter was down 0.4% and PRASM was up 2.2% with capacity up 17.5%. International results were exceptionally strong with passenger revenues up 44% year-over-year. International PRASM increased 13.3% year-over-year. Year-over-year PRASM results were strongest in the Pacific followed by the Atlantic and then Latin America. The resurgence of the United Pacific entity has been the most transformative. Margins for our global long-haul flying continued to outpace domestic margins. Our second quarter capacity deployment plans leaned in international flying with 27% more capacity year-over-year, which proved advantageous. International ASMs represent 45.4% of United's 2Q capacity, up 2 points from 2019. Domestic passenger revenues were up 7.8% on 10.5% more capacity year-over-year, largely in line with our expectations at the start of the quarter. Domestic PRASM was down 2.4%, but that was a fantastic outcome as it compares to an exceptionally strong Q2 of '22. We expect similar or slightly better results for domestic PRASM in the third quarter. Our RM setup for the quarter proved to be the right one. We held back seats early in the booking curve, saving them for higher yields and closing bookings, and we ended the quarter with record top line results. The business recovery remained stable. Revenue from international travelers flying for business grew 40% year-over-year, with 10% growth in the -- on domestic business travelers. On a ticketed basis, business travel revenue continues to trend roughly flat to 2019. Cargo revenues have normalized post pandemic. Yields were down 38% versus 2022, but do remain up 29% versus '19. We expect yields in the third quarter to be consistent with Q2. Healthy cargo revenues and yields are helping drive incremental profitability to our global long-haul flying. MileagePlus had another strong quarter with revenue up 11% year-over-year. We broke records this quarter for all key measurements from new card acquisitions to new member enrollment. Ancillary revenue from bags and seats hit a record $1 billion in Q2, up 19% year-over-year. Per passenger ancillary revenue increased 8% to $23.79. Replacement of single class RJs with mainline aircraft with multiple types of seat upgrade opportunities is a key driver of our revenue growth. Premium leisure demand remains very strong across the board. Our domestic first class capacity is up 4% from 2019, but RASM growth in that cabin is 12 points stronger than the main cabin even with corporate traffic not fully recovered. Our global long-haul Polaris product is also offsetting the loss of corporate business revenue with premium leisure demand and validates the size of our Polaris cabins post-pandemic are correct for United hubs. For Q3, we expect the total revenue will be up 10% to 13% year-over-year with capacity up approximately 16%. The demand environment remains strong, and September and October looked particularly strong relative to both 2019 and July and August. Another sign that seasonality has changed in the summer peak period is more spread out relative to the past. Once again, Q3 capacity deployment focuses on international markets with capacity expected to be up 23% versus 13% for domestic. We believe international revenue will continue to outperform domestic revenue in the third quarter across the globe other than Latin America. Overall, our domestic margins are now back to 2019 levels while our international margins are trending well above where they were in '19. Earlier this week, we announced an expansion of our Pacific flying this fall with new nonstop service from Manila to San Francisco. We also announced a second daily flight from San Francisco to Taipei, a new daily nonstop flight from Los Angeles to Hong Kong and will resume our service between Los Angeles and Narita as planned. These additions to our key Pacific destinations are in addition to our previously announced expansion plan to the South Pacific. While international flying remains our focus, we also have plans to improve domestic margins by rebuilding and enhancing connectivity versus 2019, grow and engage faster than any other carrier and staying focus on our existing set of hubs. Domestic connectivity fell materially in the pandemic because we decided to retire about 300 regional jets. But our connectivity is growing every month as we take United Next deliveries, and that will continue to drive PRASM higher each month. Like the period from 2017 to 2019 when we grew RASM and margins by growing connectivity, we'll do it once again but this time with large mainland jets preferred by our customers. Gauge has also been a key gap and opportunity for United, larger gauge narrow-bodies with 190 or more seats operate with the best single line aisle margins in North America. The introduction of the A321 and MAX 10 were always a key enabler of our United Next age growth and margin growth. The potential of these larger jets is proven and further upside to United Airlines when we finally enter the fleet. I also want to add to Scott and Brett's comments about Newark and our United Next plans. United Next always contemplated that the only way to grow Newark was upgauging from regional to mainline flying. We expected that to lead to higher growth in seats and ASM at Newark even though the total number of flights would not be growing. Our growth in Newark has always been contingent upon larger aircraft, not more aircraft. While we need to cut departures -- while, may need a couple departures more than planned, we don't believe these changes will impact our long-term capacity from Newark due to the use of larger gauge aircraft. And with that, I will turn it over to Gerry to talk about our financial results. Gerry?
Gerry Laderman : Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that for the second quarter, we delivered the highest quarterly pretax earnings in the United's history of $2.2 billion. Our earnings per share of $5.03 was also an all-time record. And in addition, we produced a record second quarter pretax margin of 15.3%, 3 points higher than second quarter of 2019 and ahead of our expectations. This exceptional performance was driven by stronger-than-expected revenue and lower-than-expected fuel prices.  The severe weather at the end of June, which drove multiple consecutive days of strained operations, did lead to a 1 point reduction in capacity for the quarter. We also incurred incremental disruption related costs that weren't anticipated at the time of our guidance. The capacity loss and added costs led to a CASM-ex impact of approximately 1.5 points for the quarter. Excluding this impact, until June 24, we were trending below the midpoint of our CASM-ex range for the quarter, an indication that our core costs remain under control. And for the rest of the year, the operational and scheduling changes that Brett discussed have reduced our full year capacity plans from our prior expectations, and we now expect full year capacity to be up approximately 18% versus 2022. Additionally, our CASM-ex guidance now incorporates an expectation of additional incremental costs in order to address the operational challenges. Specifically, for the third quarter, we expect CASM-ex to be up 2% to 3% with capacity up approximately 16%, both versus the third quarter of last year. When combined with our results for the second quarter and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we now anticipate our full-year CASM-ex to be up approximately 1% to 2% versus last year. However, just like the second quarter, outside of the revisions I discussed, our core costs for the rest of the year are trending as expected. Furthermore, our CASM-ex expectation for the year continues to include the impact of our recently announced agreement with our pilots. Turning to earnings. The strong revenue environment and moderate fuel prices continue to provide strength to our bottom line. For the third quarter, we expect earnings per share to be $3.85 to $4.35, with a fuel price of $2.50 to $2.80. More importantly, given our second quarter performance and third quarter outlook, we are raising our full year earnings per share expectation to the top half of our previous guidance range of $10 to $12. On fleet, we took delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in the second quarter and paid for 10 of those aircraft with cash. We expect to take delivery of 28 737 MAX aircraft in the third quarter and also look forward to our first Airbus A321neo later this fall. We continue to expect our full year adjusted capital expenditures to be approximately $8.5 billion. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $21 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. We are comfortable with our current level of liquidity, particularly given the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. In the second quarter, we opportunistically issued $1.3 billion of enhanced equipment trust certificates secured by a pool of recently delivered Boeing MAX aircraft with an interest rate of 5.8% which was attractive in the current interest rate environment. Additionally, we prepaid $1 billion of floating rate debt, which carried a current coupon of over 9%.  Our adjusted net debt is now down almost $3 billion since the end of 2022 and $6 billion since the end of 2021. With the reduction in debt and the improvement in earnings, at the end of the second quarter, our trailing 12-month adjusted net debt-to-EBITDAR ratio improved by a full turn to 2.4x versus the end of the first quarter, putting us back to where we were prior to the pandemic and ahead of pace to achieve our target of less than 3x by the end of 2023. We also continue to expect to generate positive free cash flow for the full year, including the impact of our new pilot agreement. In conclusion, we are encouraged by the trends we are seeing and believe we're adequately mitigated against additional operational risk in the back half of the year. I'm extremely proud of the United team for delivering our strong financial results. Six months ago, when we first announced our full year EPS guidance, we were met with skepticism from some of you listening. Now more than halfway through the year, as we increase our EPS guidance, I hope all of you are as comfortable as we are with the value of the United Next plan, where we continue to march towards meeting our long-term path target in delivering for our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
A - Kristina Munoz : Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Silas, please describe the procedure to ask a question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Dave Vernon from Bernstein.
David Vernon : So Scott and Gerry, maybe a bigger picture level question for you. We're kind of coming up to $11 to $12 in earnings this year, can you help point out the two or three things that are unique to your strategy that are going to make it possible to kind of grow from that level? And there's a lot of concern about domestic slowing down. There's a concern about peak earnings. I'm just wondering how do we think about sustaining this level of earnings power or even building on it on a one or two-year view, conceptually? Not trying to get guidance for '24. Just trying to think about conceptually what's going to help us kind of build from these record levels of profitability.
Scott Kirby : I guess I'll start and maybe let Andrew give you some details to follow. But at its core, two to three years ago, we started describing United Next, we started describing the intellectual framework for United Next, what we thought was going to change in the industry. And in particular, we thought that the international market was going to be really, really good because we thought demand would recover. And we were literally the only large airline in the world that decided to keep all our airplanes and actually took more airplanes during the pandemic and grow. That has, in fact, happened. Domestically, we thought that the cost convergence was likely to happen. One, because of inflation, we probably think that two or three years ago, about 18 months ago, we thought that, that inflation was going to drive cost convergence and that the expectations for capacity were going to be unfulfilled because supply chain constraints, pilot shortages and infrastructure constraints. And to fix that particular issue, all three of those things have to come together. It's not enough if you get the supply chain remedied. It's not enough to get pilots remedied. All three of them have to happen. And so kind of from a big picture level, like this is playing out exactly like we thought it would. And it's a fair question. We get the question we've gotten into at least six or seven quarters in a row. And the results just keep getting better because the industry backdrop is getting better, particularly for large airlines that have international exposure and they are at the top of the food chain for hiring pilots and for supply chain issue, which is where United sits. And you further that with United -- so that's the industry backdrop. But United specifically thought this was going to happen, and we made a really big bet on this happening. And the truth is we're the only ones in the world to do that. While everyone else was shrinking and retiring airplanes, we started betting on the growth and getting ready for United Next. And we thought it would play out like this. It is playing out like this. I really am confident that our margins are set to grow 1 to 2 points a year for each of the next -- at least through 2026, and that this is the new normal. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella : I guess I'll add on a few more details. First, I think we're in the really early stages of the United Next plan, and our results this quarter give us a lot of confidence. We're on the right path. But I really look at all the details. And when I look at them all, what I would tell you is, one, the MAX 10 and the A321 are really important to our plan. They're large single-aisle narrow-body jets that everybody knows has superior economics, and we don't have a single one in our fleet today, and that's a gap we will close. We've already increased gauge by 20% since 2019, more than any other U.S. airline and 8 points more than the industry and yet we lead in unit revenue performance. The United network has been under-gauged and we've said that over and over again. And our ability to add low unit cost planes at high marginal RASMs is now well proven and will drive earnings. Larger gauge, of course, gives us the ability to manage our overall unit cost down in a way others just don't have the ability to do, in our opinion, and this again is a unique advantage to us. We think our gauge growth in the coming years will be faster than any of our competitors based on the public [sheet plans] (ph) that are out there. Of course, all of our mainline jets will eventually have a signature interior with seat-back screens and Wi-Fi. These jets have higher NPS scores as a result. These jets also come with larger first class cabins, more economy plus seats. They provide our customers with more options to upgrade and choose their ideal onboard experience while generating increasing levels of ancillary revenues. The pandemic clearly created a boom in premium leisure demand that we see today and these passengers often purchase an upgraded experience. As Scott said, we have a large order book of narrow-body jets. Boeing and Airbus are largely sold out until the end of the decade. We can use these planes for growth or we can use them for retirement depending on conditions. Also, as Scott said, and I think really, really important, the international long-haul environment is just structurally different. This cycle for our business will have higher international margins versus domestic, a reversal from pre-pandemic. United has the largest international network amongst U.S. carriers. And as a result, we're going to benefit the most. No other U.S. airline has coastal gateway hubs like United. Our hubs are where most of the business class premium demand and cargo demand enter and exit the United States, and they have superior geography for connecting traffic. This advantage is largely unique to United. Of course, we have a larger order book for wide-body jets, as Scott said. Our domestic connectivity is not where we want it to be. We know we can close it and we know what the margin gains are going to be for that. And while we continue to use regional jets, we won't over rely on them. Cargo is an amazing strong spot for us that really helps fuel our global long-haul growth. The other thing I'd say, and I think this is really important, is all United hubs are producing strong profit margins. And we have the option to grow these hubs with our large narrow-body order book, which creates a different paradigm for United than most. Simply, we start with a strong foundation to support our growth and neither must we shrink a hub to profitability or seek to grow a hub with sub-power margins, and I think that's a really important setup for us. As Scott said, constraints to growth continue. Cost convergence is now well documented.  The other thing I'll add, United is far less reliant today on contracted corporate business, and that business has clearly been slow to return, but that doesn't mean it won't. If it does, the legacy business model will benefit the most. Further, NDC is changing distribution in the space as passengers with more flexibility -- want more flexibility in when they travel and how they travel and are increasingly preferring to work directly with United on our industry-leading app. More and more often, individual corporate customers pick the airlines they want to fly on versus the purchasing manager at their business recommendation. This change in consumer behavior is locked in during the pandemic and now seems irreversible to me. Of course, we're focused on our high ground and our last advantage, of course, is our great team innovation.
Scott Kirby: All right, well David, that was a lot, but you can tell we feel confident.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham : On the -- LCCs right now are ramping back capacity [Indiscernible] fare sales. That seems to be out there. So that seems to be having like a little impact on you right now. I'm just curious on what's actually -- what changes the mindset around your unwillingness to match these fares? Or is it premium, coastal? Just any thoughts there would be helpful.
Andrew Nocella : Well, that's largely a domestic question. And I think our domestic environment has done well. As you know, in Q2, we really just hit it right on the head in terms of our guidance for the domestic entity. And in Q3, our performance looks to be very, very similar. So we're pretty pleased by how Q3 is setting up. I just think with where we are with our brand, our network, our upgauge, we're carefully from an RM point of view, determined in our policy. And as we started Q2, we decided to hold out and book later in the curve. I think that proves right. And as we go into Q3, I think this guidance would tell you that we don't see a change. So I'm sure there are other things happening in the environment that are both positive or negative. But we don't see a change in the Q3 environment of down a little bit for domestic PRASM is entirely consistent with the Q2. And so we don't see a change, and we see steady and strong demand.
Conor Cunningham : And then just on the international landscape, you obviously are taking a huge advantage there. Just curious on what's next for the Atlantic. Are you comfortable with that network? And then just on the Pacific build-out, there seems to be a lot of upside there. I'm just curious on your expectations for that fall launch.
Andrew Nocella : Sure. I think that's a really good question. Look, what I would tell you is our international RASM in Q2 and profitability was well above even our very lofty expectations from April. As we head into Q3, the year-over-year comparison is different than Q2. And during Q3, most of the world was already easy to travel to. Where in Q2 '22, travel was still limited. And that will make a difference in our year-over-year comps. When we compare versus 2019, it's easy to see that Q3 is tracking very, very close to Q2. So it looks really good. So not unlike domestic, we go into Q3, expect an amazing performance but tougher RASM comps year-over-year and RASMs that are roughly flat. Profitability is going to be amazingly strong. Latin America is going to be the weakest. But to your question about the Atlantic, it looks really good, particularly demand to Southern Europe. And that's motivated to a lesser extent our seasonal flying to Southern Europe well into Q4, which we didn't normally do. But as you can imagine, and again, to your question about the Pacific, given our announcement earlier this week, on adding four new Trans - direct routes this fall, you can imagine we're most bullish on Asia. As a result, we moved capacity into the Pacific, including our first-ever nonstop flight from San Francisco to Manila, a third daily flight to Hong Kong, the second daily flight to Taipei, and we're resuming our L.A. Narita flight. We also expect that Japan is going to remain strong well into 2024 as it did not fully reopen until this spring.  So in summary, we see - Asia is going gangbusters, and we're really happy with where it's at, and we've leaned into it. And overall, for international exposure, what I can tell you is we were -- in Q2, we were up 2.3 points in terms of percent of international ASMs of the company versus 2019. And in Q4, we're going to be up 3.1 to 3.4 points to show you how much we're leaning into the global long-haul environment because that's where we think the revenue is right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine O'Brien from Goldman Sachs.
Catherine O'Brien : Can you help us think about the total impact of operational issues at the end of the second quarter into the third, plus the impact of the changes you're making to shore up operations going forward? Like what that is to third quarter and full year EPS outlook? It sounds like the 1 to 2-point headwind to CASM is all tied to this. But just wondering -- correct me if I'm wrong there. I'm just wondering if you can you take into account any revenue impact? I'm asking mainly is because of the move in the full year midpoint EPS is a bit smaller than the 2Q beat. So I would just love to get some color.
Gerry Laderman: Hi, Catie, let me take a crack at that. So let me talk first on the cost side, where -- what you saw us do for the second quarter, third quarter full year is adjusted CASM entirely related to the operational disruptions, which is why I wanted to emphasize that costs aside from that, our core costs are trending right in line with our expectations. So the variance versus our prior guidance is all attributable to this. So the way to think about it is about 1/3 of that CASM variance is related to the actual incurred costs from the disruptions and 2/3 just related to the capacity adjustment. The overall impact in the second quarter versus our forecast prior to June 24, I would call it about 1 point of margin is what we lost in the second quarter because of the events. And we've incorporated our expectation on lower capacity in our EPS guidance for the third quarter and full year. And so it's fair to say that -- but for those adjustments, our guidance for the full year of top half of the range, yes, it could have been a little bit higher because of those changes. But that's the way to look at it.
Catherine O'Brien : That's really helpful. And then maybe one for Andrew. Can you just walk us through some of the assumptions you're making underlying the view that domestic RASM performance is steady or better 3Q versus 2Q? What's the corporate assumption? And really just asking because that's different from what some of your peers are expecting. So just wondering what's unique to United that that's going to hold in a little bit better than some others are seeing?
Andrew Nocella : Well, I won't go through my long list of what's unique to United, again, I think that may be a little bit too much. I would love to, but look, we're looking at the numbers for Q3. What I would tell you is that there's clearly been some shift out of Q3 into Q4. October is, I think, setting up to be a stronger month of the year than it was in 2019. And June is now the strongest month of the year itself. So that is causing some shifts in seasonality and margin, I think, for United and for the industry. But overall, we just -- I think we have a really good setup. Our international system is just performing outstandingly. There's not like a single part of the globe, a single part of the network that's not working. And we've leaned into it really strongly. And I think that's shown up in the results. And on the domestic front, I think this is just -- we have the right aircraft in the right places. New York City, in particular, is doing dramatically better than it had been in the past for us. So we're really pleased by that. And all the hubs, as I said, are profitable and performing well. So we just think very good capacity plan and a really strong environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker : So just to kind of follow up on the July 4 disruptions. I don't know if it's a fair question, but are you able to quantify kind of what percentage of the disruption was sort of in your hands or factors within your control versus like what was fostered upon you, if you will, or externally imposed? And also kind of in the near term, it does make sense to draw down capacity, but kind of what is the long-term plan to make sure that Newark serves as an effective hub for you?
Scott Kirby : Well, first, most important thing is to get Newark working effectively. And we've done some tactical things at United already. We've got some more changes that are coming that are in the schedule that are kind of embedded in the cost that Gerry talked about. But I think the biggest thing that has happened in Newark just this month is a level of communication, coordination with the FAA is the highest it's ever been. That does it was planned. And our thunderstorms are tough. And if there's thunderstorms, they close departure routes in an airport, you're going to be canceling all flight. But if you can plan in advance and not have airplanes in the air, you wind up not having to divert airplanes. And that's where you get in trouble as we have to do that.  And the best stat to me is, this past weekend, our team would tell you that the weather in Newark was worse than it was that last week of June. But because we were closely coordinated with the FAA, we had advanced planning. We had to cancel a lot of flights while the weather was over Newark but we were able to immediately start the recovery as soon as the weather was passed. And in total, we canceled 77% fewer flights. And so Newark is going to always be a difficult airport. It's got two parallel runways, 40 departures on one runway, 40 arrivals per hour on another. That's a flight every 1.5 minutes. It's about the most we can do. And it's in the most crowded airspace in the world. But I feel really good about where we are and where the FAA is with us on getting the most out of Newark when those events do happen.
Ravi Shanker : Understood. And then maybe as a follow-up, I think it was mentioned earlier, and I agree that your comment on 3Q PRASM domestic being flat to up slightly is a pretty differentiated message from your peers. Do you have enough visibility into what 4Q might look like relative to 2Q?
Andrew Nocella : We're not going to give guidance for Q4 today. And look, what I'll tell you is that and I already hinted, October, I think, is seasonally strong relative to 2019. We spent a lot of time refining our third quarter forecast. We're obviously already at the top half of the range, and we look forward to refining our Q4 forecast, but we're not going to do that today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker : Thorough conference call thus far, just a couple of quick ones for Gerry. The comment on free cash flow for the year being inclusive of the AIP. Just to be clear, you're including retropay not merely wages and work rules?
Gerry Laderman: We're including all cash going out the door, Jamie.
Jamie Baker : And second, your profit-sharing formula isn't harmonized across working groups, at least not yet. If we think about the third quarter earnings guideposts or goalposts, excuse me, can you give us the approximate blended rate that you are using?
Gerry Laderman : No, Jamie, that's -- we can't right now because it really depends on the forecast. We can help you and anyone else offline with your spreadsheets on how to think about how profit sharing might best be sort of incorporated if you want.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research
Scott Group : Sorry about my voice. Hopefully, you guys can hear me okay. Just to clarify just that last question. Is it -- I know you're not giving a number, but is it right that there's a pretty meaningful step-up in profit share from Q2 to Q3?
Gerry Laderman : Scott, all we can tell you is that all profit sharing that we expect are incorporated in our full year numbers. That's the best way to look at it.
Kristina Munoz : I'll follow up with you offline, Scott 
Scott Group : Fair enough. And then -- just -- I know it's early, but how are you thinking about overall capacity growth for next year, domestic versus international? And then is there any way to just think about some of the puts and takes for CASM for next year?
Gerry Laderman : Sure. Let me answer that. It's very early in the planning process. So this is all very preliminary. But we do know about some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we're going to see as we start putting together the plan on the cost side. Headwinds would include the full year impact of the labor contracts and contractual increases. Inflation, which, by the way, what we're seeing now is a moderation in inflation. We've got constraints on growth due to infrastructure. And one of the big ones, and you'll actually see when we file the Q our expectation for aircraft deliveries next year. Back in December, you may recall when we announced the wide-body order, we gave some multiyear expectations on deliveries and CapEx. On the narrow-body side, now that we're that much further in, we have a -- what I describe is a clear expectation on aircraft deliveries. I think for the total, including eight 787s, about 110 aircraft next year. That's down from what we showed you in December. But by the way, if you recall, that CapEx number of $11 billion for next year we had in December, just counting aircraft, that's going to be closer to $9 billion and $11 billion of CapEx, a good guide, particularly when we are looking at free cash flow for next year. But bottom line, I would say that with a variety of tailwinds we have as well, which would include improved utilization, improved productivity as our junior workforce begins to gain some experience. Putting it all together, right now, six months ahead of next year, I would say we're targeting high single-digit capacity growth, and in that context, targeting flat CASM-ex for next year. But much more to come as we get into the planning process.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth : So I agree with your differentiated bet on international recovery, you're winning the jump ball this summer, winning customers in summer 2023. A question would be, how do you think about keeping those customers as international carriers restore their capacity over time? What investments are you making to keep those customers beyond just metal, especially when we think about periods of operational disruption.
Andrew Nocella : Well, I'll start, maybe Scott wants to add on to it. First of all, we think there's just been a structural change in the international capacity relative to GDP that's very different from 2019, and it will take years of changes of fleet growth by the industry and us to actually make that change. So there's nothing that we see that's really going to change the structure back to what it was pre-pandemic, anytime soon, if ever. So it's a really good reset of the ball. We're investing a lot in our product. We actually -- we talked about the elimination of the old business class seats million times at United. Well, as of today, we are only flying the new Polaris seat on all of our wide-body jets all over the world. So I think that's a lot of progress. And we continue to focus on the customer and doing the right thing on high-speed WiFi, you name it. And I think our brand is better and better positioned to compete not only here in the United States but around the globe with an award -- just leading partners in every part of the world recently adding Virgin Australia in the South Pacific, which is new and very helpful to our growth down there, and of course, Emirates in the Middle East for that region of the world.  So we've set this up really well, and we are confident that the international environment is our strongest long-term opportunity. We have a lot to do domestically in the short and medium term as well, but the international environment is really set up well.
Duane Pfennigwerth : And just a quick one for Gerry. Can you speak to how much sale-leaseback activity you'd expect to utilize this year? And can you just help us bridge, just remind us what's the difference between net CapEx and an all-in gross CapEx?
Gerry Laderman : Yes, I'm just trying to add together the sale-leasebacks we're doing. It's probably 20 or -- 20 to 30 aircraft. Keep in mind, we use sale-leasebacks just as another form of financing, where even if it's a sale-leaseback, we're going to maintain control over that aircraft for its remaining useful life. And net CapEx, meaning CapEx net of financing or what you're asking there?
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just the guidance is a net CapEx guidance. So how would that CapEx guidance compare to just the value of the fleet that you're bringing on?
Gerry Laderman : No, its $8.5 billion total CapEx. Yes, it's gross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helane Becker from TD Cowen
Helane Becker : So lately, we've been seeing a lot of articles about pilots refusing to move from the right seat to the left seat and being short captains. And that's something that existed for the regionals. But I didn't -- I was surprised to see it exists for major airlines as well. And I'm just wondering if the new contract addresses that and how you think about having enough captains to fly what you're intending to do?
Scott Kirby : The short answer is, yes, the new contract does address that. It is also -- it's interesting, it's the first time that I've ever known it to happen in the airline industry. And it's one of those interesting artifacts of so much growth at United. In the past, you spent 10, 12 years sometimes before you get your first shot at captain. If you didn't take it on the first shot, it might be another five or six before we came around again and so everyone took it. But now our pilots have enough confidence in the future, I think, as they should in that they can wait and let their seniority go up a little more, which helps the quality of life. And so we have had not as many captains as wed hope upgrading. It hasn't affected capacity yet. It is going to impact capacity in the fourth quarter. That's all in our numbers, by the way, already. But the good news is the contract, I think, fixes that. It depends. I'm not sure how long we do we get 100% back. I think it will be the second half of next year. The union leadership thinks it will be a lot faster than that. But somewhere in that timeframe, we'll get back to a full level of captains. That's a transitory issue that's already in our numbers, but we're on a good path.  And the one data point I have is our first captain -- our most recent captain gate closed last night, and it was meaningfully better, and they haven't even seen the new country yet. They just know that there is direct. It's already made a difference. And this is a unique issue that will be in the rearview mirror sometime next year.
Helane Becker : That's very helpful. And then my other question is kind of unrelated. The app that allows people where you're -- I guess you're pushing meal vouchers or hotel vouchers or whatever to customers, how does that figure into your costs? Like how do you know what the impact of those that -- I don't know how to ask the question -- of that technology. Like how do you figure out the impact of that on operations by pushing to customers rather than making them, I guess, go to a gate agent for a voucher?
Linda Jojo : Hi, Helane. This is Linda Jojo. I think the way to think about these vouchers is it's a more customer-friendly way and a more efficient way for our operations to deliver to them what they would already get. So this is more about letting our agents be able to serve other aspects of the disruption versus this piece and making it much easier for our customers to actually receive them.
Gerry Laderman : Helane, just as a reminder, that kind of cost, which improves customer experience is also in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : I wanted to ask about margins that you guys alluded to in the opening remarks. Just great performance. Obviously, domestic margins in Q2 return to 2019 levels, while international remained above 2019 levels. I guess on a comparative basis, can you let us -- give us an idea of the delta between the two today and how you think about it longer term? Does it reach equilibrium? Is there international runway from here?
Andrew Nocella : I'm not going to give you the exact number. I'm going to say they are well above domestic margins, and we expect for this cycle for them to remain well above domestic margins. So look, our domestic margins are very solid, too. So I don't want to say anything too negative about that. I think international is just performing really well because of the structural change that happened during the pandemic.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Alison Sider from The Wall Street Journal.
Alison Sider: Scott, could you say anything about what crossed you to take that private flight during the operational problems at Newark, like what was so urgent? And then if you've had any kind of conversations or feedback or consequences from the Board since then?
Scott Kirby : It was a mistake. And the best thing I learned at the Air Force Academy was to say no excuses sir or no excuses ma'am in this case and move forward, and that's we'll do here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg.
Mary Schlangenstein : Can you guys put a full dollar value on the cost of the Newark disruptions like a dollar value of lost revenue or the cost? And are you also providing figures at this point in terms of how you're adjusting the flight if you're cutting flights by 5% or you're cutting 30 flights a day or whatever. Can you provide more specifics on that?
Gerry Laderman : Let me just talk about the financial impact first. So as I mentioned earlier, that disruption effectively cost us 1 point of margin in the second quarter.
Andrew Nocella : In regards to the flights, our summer schedule normally is about 435 flights per day. In August, we expect our schedule to be well below 400, somewhere in the -- I think, the 390 range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: Can you just repeat a bit on Newark, you were going from 435 planes per day to 390? I just go over like the two in the firm and the cut and does it go into September? And then broadly, just considering all the weather that we've had in Newark, are you considering pulling back from that hub this year, next year and then maybe over the coming five years, how do you see Newark in your strategy?
Andrew Nocella : Sure. Let me five it a try. The normal schedule in Newark in summer, which has been the same schedule for many, many years pre-pandemic is about 435 flights per day. This summer, we are scheduling about 410. And this August, we're going to bring that down to 390. We are in constant conversation with the FAA about Newark and its overall ability to handle capacity, and we're going to work collaboratively with them to try and figure out the overall level of flight activity. I expect that level of flight activity will be down from our traditional 430 flights per day in the summer until we can come up with a creative solution to the constraints that we're all facing there. So hopefully, we will return to that bigger schedule in the future. But for next summer, I do think that we will have a smaller schedule, and we will operate a reliable schedule, and we're going to do that in cooperation with our partners at the port and the FAA and the Department of Transportation to make sure that we get it right for all of the customers that fly in and out of Newark and New York City.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz : Thanks for joining the call today, everyone. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you all. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 12:10:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2023. My name is Silas and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call maybe recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to the recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Silas. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Uniteds first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and investor update, which is available on our website, ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now Id like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the entire United team for delivering exceptional operation this quarter. Given our hub geography United almost all has the most flights impacted by weather, air traffic control delays of any U.S. airline. But despite this in Q1, we had the lowest mainline flight and seat cancellation rates of any airline in the country. Thats important, not just for the obvious customer and brand impact, but its also the key to hitting our planned capacity and CASM-ex target. I am going to leave the detailed quarterly results and guidance to Gerry and Andrew. But today, I will take a few minutes to talk about four emerging themes that have come to the foreground that I think are important to the United investment case. One, there appears to be a clear change in seasonality that is causing peak leisure demand months, March through October to be even stronger, while months that were historically reliant on business demand are weaker, that particularly impacts January, February, and the first half of November and December. We believe demand is just structurally different than it was pre-pandemic and we are still figuring out that new normal. Second, as we have expected all along, long-haul international is moving into the lead over domestic. Andrew will give more details, but this is a multi-year structural change based on aircraft retirements and pilot downgrades as essentially all long-haul U.S. airlines around the world except United. But my third theme is an appropriately cautionary point. Our guidance and everything we are discussing today is our base case scenario based on what we are seeing right now. And what we are seeing right now is still strong demand. At airlines, the macroeconomic weakness is being offset with a counter trend of consumer spending continuing to rebalance back to services. And by the way, we still remain below our historical GDP relationship arguably indicating more room to run in the revenue recovery. However, it seems clear that the macro risks are higher to-date than they were even a few months ago as demonstrated by the banking scare of Silicon Valley Bank. We saw an immediate drop in [closing] (ph) business demand that lasted for about 2 weeks, but now appears to have recovered. Our base case therefore remains a mild recession or soft landing which is consistent with what we are currently seeing in our bookings. But we agree that the tail risk is higher than normal. While we feel good about our 10 to 12 full year EPS, if the economy softens further we have prepared for it by a) having a lot of flexibility in the business line capacity if needed, b) improving our balance sheet to withstand the near-term issue with approximately $19 billion in liquidity and having reduced our total debt including pension by $4.6 billion over the past 12 months, and c) is actually my fourth theme which is controlling what we can and hitting our CASM-ex target in this new, different and more challenging operating environment. We cant control what happens with the macro economy, but we can and are doing a great job of controlling our cost. We cant run your airline like its 2019, its different and harder now. Cancellation rates are the leading indicator of forward capacity and therefore CASM-ex and United is leading the way on this front. Gerry will discuss some of the year-over-year tailwinds that will drive lower CASM-ex in the back half of this year, but we only need CASM-ex to be approximately 1 point better in the second half of the year to hit our full year target. We remain solidly on track. To wrap up, over the last 3 years, our industry has confronted a rapidly changing environment. United hasnt been perfect, but we have got a lot more right than normal. In the big picture, we have got it right and took the steps in the last 3 years to thrive in exactly this environment. International is stronger, the operating environment is more challenging, which means reliability is harder, but also had a premium for producing bottom line results and we had confidence that our gauge growth and execution are keeping United uniquely on track for our near and long-term CASM-ex trajectory, that not to say that there arent real near-term risk, because we all know there are, but we feel really good about the strategic setup and tactical execution here at United. I want to again thank the entire United team for their hard work this quarter. We had a busy summer season ahead and I look forward to achieving even more operational and financial records. With that, I will turn it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott, and thank you to our United team for their hard work this quarter. As Scott mentioned, we continue to see the benefits of running a strong operation. In the first quarter, United led the industry with the lowest seat cancellation rate despite around 20% of our flights being impacted by weather, the most out of any of our competitors. This was the first time since 2012 that we led on this metric. Additionally, United was first or second in the quarter for on-time departures at nearly all of our hub locations, including those heavily impacted by winter weather like O'Hare and Denver. Our airline is built to run well and recover fast and we expect our operation to reflect that in the peak summer season. We continue to navigate the challenges in the current operating environment. Specifically, constrained industry infrastructure, United is working with the U.S. Department of Transportation and FAA regarding operational disruptions and air traffic staffing challenges. The FAAs decision to consider commercial air traffic with managing the growing number of space launches combined with the FAAs recent move to give carriers more flexibility in how we all fly in and out of New York area airports shows that the FAA is listening to feedback and finding ways we can all work together. In March, we took steps to reduce our schedule in the New York region and DCA by around 30 daily departures over the summer period to provide the air space relief requested by the FAA. The scheduled reductions are largely regional jet focused and will be redeployed at our other hubs minimizing the capacity impact to the system. It is our hope that this will drive improved customer experience, while flying United in the New York area and throughout our network. We are excited to announce that we reached a tentative agreement with our nearly 30,000 employees represented by the International Association of Machinists. With volume on the agreement expected to be completed by May 1, we are very proud of the work that our team does daily to support our operation and create a positive travel experience for our customers. Regarding other labor agreements, a new contract with our technicians represented by the IBT was ratified in January and we are still in active negotiations with our flight attendants represented by the AFA and our pilots represented by ALPA. As a reminder, we reached an agreement with our Dispatchers represented by PAFCA last year. We look forward to sharing further updates in the future. I once again want to thank our team for being the best in the industry. We remain confident in our outlook as we leverage our industry leading operational performance and network advantages. And with that, I will hand it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue graph.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. First quarter top line revenues of $11.4 billion finished consistent with our updated guidance of up 51% versus 2022. TRASM was up 22.5% year-over-year. While we were below our initial guidance, we expect that our TRASM performance in the first quarter will be top tier. As expected, other revenues in the quarter while strong are growing at a slower rate than passenger revenues, the opposite trend we saw last year and over the course of the pandemic. While cargo revenue declined 37% year-over-year, it remains 39% above the same period in 2019. MileagePlus other revenue had yet another strong quarter and was up 25% year-over-year, driven by our strategic partnership with Chase. Uniteds credit card continue to set records in Q1, including the highest first quarter ever per card spends, new accounts up over 30% year-over-year and account attrition near historic lows. We also welcome Richard Nunn to the United team as the new CEO of MileagePlus. As Scott indicated, we believe we are seeing different revenue seasonality for the United network post-pandemic and that change should impact our relative margin in Q1. New seasonality positively impacted March through October 2022, where new remote work schedule simulated business, particularly premium leisure. Ultimately, if these trends continue, we expect to be able to operate a more consistent level of capacity between March and October in future years. However, we believe the new seasonality negatively impacted Q1 in January or February, along with the first halves of November and December. With Uniteds relatively small presence in the Caribbean and Florida, where demand is usually strong in Q1 and over the winter months, the United network is more reliant on business traffic that is not fully recovered to pre-pandemic volumes in these periods. Uniteds global network and East West trends were simply better align to March through October post-pandemic where leisure and premium leisure business compensates for less traditional business traffic. As we head into Q2 2023, we are tracking ahead of 2022 in all the ways that we measure business traffic, a really good sign for revenue momentum. While its still early on, we do see corporate business for May and June tracking well ahead of their previous months at this time. The business traffic rebound we are seeing is strongest in global long-haul markets, where videoconference is not a substitute for an in-person meeting. The recent banking scare did initiate a slowdown in demand across multiple customer types in the quarter. Impacts on business demand for domestic flying was the most significant, impact on domestic leisure was smaller and impact over on overall international demand was actually minimal. In the weeks after the scare, we saw business demand relative to the same period of 2019 decline by 8 points after steady progress experience to the quarter to that point. This trend has since reversed back to pre-banking scare levels. In Q2, we expect total revenue to be up 14% to 16% versus the second quarter of 2022, with capacity, up approximately 18.5%. Our expectations for revenue in the second quarter continue to show strength with approximately 8% to 10% growth in domestic revenues and almost 30% for international. Second quarter bookings and revenues do look good versus the same point in 2022, with book deals up 13% and 31% above 2019 respectively. For 2023, we expect to expand international flying by approximately twice the rate of domestic leaning into the favorable supply demand balance that we expect. We will be focused on extending Uniteds leading position across the Atlantic and to Asia and the South Pacific. We believe this capacity deployment plan will set us up to meet our financial objectives given the stronger revenue outlook we are seeing for international flying and the rebound in Polaris cabin. We will also pass two critical milestones by this summer, with all United international wide-body jets having the latest generation Polaris seat and a premium plus cabin. While further return to corporate business will help profitability in all quarters, we are not assuming that will occur in our 2023 revenue outlook. United scheduled capacity this summer is up 39% in the Atlantic, but industry capacity, excluding United, is estimated to be down about 1%. United will operate an average of 207 daily flights across the Atlantic this summer. Across the Pacific, United plans to be up 14%, excluding China, with industry capacity down about 7% both versus 2019. Overall, international ASMs will be 46% of Uniteds capacity this summer versus 43% in 2019. Yesterday, we announced another set of capacity increases to the South Pacific ideally timed for the Southern summer later this year. These include the first-ever nonstop service from San Francisco to Christchurch, a new service from Los Angeles to Auckland in partnership with Air New Zealand and to Los Angeles to Brisbane, where we will connect to our new partner, Virgin Australia. Rebuilding connectivity back to our original 2019 standards in our Mid-Con hubs and Dallas will also be a long-term focus for our domestic volume. The loss of regional jets turned the pandemic without mainline jets to backfill them cause connectivity to suffer. Peak bank sizes at our high flow hubs are down 10% to 20% versus 2019. We were able to build connectivity and margins in 2018 and 2019 when we increase bank size connectivity and we expect to execute a similar strategy in 2023 and 2024. However, this time around, we will do it with the appropriately sized 737 jets instead of single-class regional jets. As requested by the FAA, we have reduced our planned flights from Newark City this summer, including to and from Newark. We believe this will be the first time in years that Newark will operate within the airports capacity abilities in most hours and consistent with the slot allocations. We are optimistic that between the new terminals and capacity consistent with the runways capabilities, the customer experience will improve dramatically and we appreciate the partnership with the FAA to make this happen. EMEA will gain up to 17 new mainline gates in Terminal A and Newark this summer versus 2022 which will improve Newarks reliability and customer experience. Along with the new Newark gates, we will open a new United Club in Terminal A and in Terminal C later this year, adding 38,000 square feet and will be up 161% in club space relative to 2019. As impressive as that club space measurement is in Newark, our club members in Denver will experience an opening of 3 United clubs over the next year that include a total of 97,000 square feet, a 149% increase versus 2019. Construction of our new gates in Denver is also almost complete and will have 90 gates, up from 66 we had in 2019, which we expect will allow us to dramatically increase bank sizes and connectivity in 2024 and 2025. At United, we remain focused on our high ground, structural strengths focused on global long-haul, correcting connectivity issues in our Mid-Con hubs that surface during the pandemic and of course, gauge, increases that are consistent with our large hub markets. Our capacity plan for this year remains in place without adjustment as we operate with strong operational results. With that, I wanted to say thanks to the entire United team. And I will turn it over to Gerry.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew and good morning to everyone. Lets start with our first quarter results. Our pre-tax loss of $256 million was in line with expectations and at the better end of our updated guidance issued last month. We saw losses in January and February due to seasonal weakness, but March turned solidly profitable. Our first quarter fuel price of $3.33 came in at the lower end of our revised guidance range. This was still about $0.14 higher than our expectation at the start of the quarter due to a spike in jet fuel prices in late January and early February. Turning to non-fuel costs, our first quarter CASM-ex came in slightly better than our revised guidance range at down 0.1% versus the first quarter last year. Our operational performance in the first quarter was truly exceptional and our CASM-ex fee is largely due to the cost benefit of a reliable operation. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $19 billion in liquidity. We continue to leverage the flexibility provided by our cash with financing opportunities and paying down debt. We generated over $3 billion in operating cash flow in the first quarter, the highest for any quarter in Uniteds history and we produced free cash flow of over $1 billion. Over the last 12 months, our total debt, including pension liability, has declined by approximately $4.6 billion and we remain on track to meet our 2023 target of adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDAR of less than 3x. Looking ahead, we expect second quarter CASM-ex to be flat to up 2%, with capacity up approximately 18.5% both versus the second quarter of last year. Strong cost performance underpins our confidence in the earnings trajectory of the business in the second quarter we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.50 to $4, with a fuel price of $2.80 to $3. As noted in our investor update, this fuel price is based on prices as of April 12. As others mentioned, our strong operational performance in the first quarter sets the tone for the remainder of the year and is key to our conviction in achieving our CASM-ex targets. For the full year, we continue to be on track to keep CASM-ex approximately flat versus 2022 with non-fuel unit costs in the second half of this year declining versus the second half of last year. To give context as to why we expect CASM-ex in the second half of this year to improve on a year-over-year basis versus the first half of this year, its helpful to consider the 2022 cost baseline. With COVID still significantly impacting the business in the first half of last year, we have certain unique headwinds in the first half of this year when comparing costs on a year-over-year basis. Here are two notable examples. Revenue in the first half of 2022 was much lower than the second half of 2022, which meant that distribution costs were also much lower in the first half of last year versus the second half. This drives the year-over-year comparisons for the first half of this year to be commensurately higher than the second half of this year. A similar phenomenon exists with maintenance expense. As Omicron abated and the recovery took hold, we ramped up our maintenance activity in the back half of 22 to more normalized levels. Again, the difference in year-over-year costs are much more muted in the second half of this year versus the first half. So simply put, the two items represent a 1 to 2 point CASM-ex headwind in the first half of this year, which wont exist in the second half. These drivers, along with strategic cost management, gauge growth and running a reliable operation support our expectation that we will hit our flat CASM-ex target for the year. When combined with our revenue outlook, we remain confident in our trajectory towards $10 to $12 in adjusted diluted EPS for the full year whether we face a mild recession or soft landing. As we have left the starting gate for our United Next plan, I am encouraged by the progress weve made not only financially but in our operation and across the entire organization. While we continue to live in uncertain times, I know that we will successfully manage everything under our control as we continue on a path to reach our full year financial objectives. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina for the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Silas, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Catherine OBrien from Goldman Sachs. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Catherine OBrien: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time. So there has been a lot of investor concern recently around the domestic slowdown. So I think Ill just get right to that. I know United is built to win in the international strength. But can you just help us think about whats driving the domestic unit revenue performance to underperform international, at least based on first quarter versus 19. Is there a shift in leisure demand to international from domestic that might be exaggerated right now post pandemic? That international business is stronger, as you know prepared remarks, something else? And then I saw you had another record first quarter build in the air traffic liability. Would also be helpful just to talk through how much you have on the books, domestic versus international first quarter. Thanks so much.
Scott Kirby: Sure, Catherine. Were getting this question about domestic strength a lot and we should really address it. The way when we go back thinking about it, how to describe the conditions of this Q2, we have to recall Q2 of last year, Q2 of 2022 was the best domestic TRASM quarter ever for United with TRASM up 25% versus Q2 of 2019, which, by the way, was a prior record holder. We simply sent a really hard comp for Q2 2023 and also last year at this time, international markets were not widely open to travelers, in my view, selected domestic trips out of caution, just creating unprecedented demand relative to the number of seats available to sell. This years conditions are different. International travel is more or less completely open, and we see customers clearly excited about taking a long-haul trip. Domestic capacity is also now comparable to 2019 levels. So here are the facts, domestic ASMs at United will be up about 10% in Q2 2023 year-over-year. And our TRASM outlook for domestic will be negative low single digits from what Ive said today. Total domestic revenue should finish well above 2022, given our TRASM outlook on capacity growth of about 10%. Were currently booked about 10% ahead in gross revenue at this point compared to last year, and were about 54% into the booking curve for the quarter. I just dont see these facts as weak when revenue is on target to again break the record and TRASM is likely to be just a bit behind an amazingly strong 2022. In summary, when Q2 2023 is in the books, we will likely be our second biggest best domestic TRASM quarter ever with record total domestic revenues. The only thing negative, I think I can say is that as good as domestic looks, its just not matching global long-haul revenue outlook, which is very strong and where United has focused a majority of capacity.
Catherine OBrien: On the ATL
Scott Kirby: On the ATL, I think its seasonally moving in a normal way. I dont know, Gerry wants to add anything else on the ATL question.
Gerry Laderman: Okay. Your question about international versus domestic, youre actually the first person to ask us that question. So we will follow-up with you.
Catherine OBrien: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Just chuckling it Gerrys response to Katie there, on the ATL, Gerry, the build obviously helped with free cash flow generation in the quarter, presumably, the ATL will incrementally moderate in the second half as it often does. Do you still think you can cover this years $9 billion in CapEx and generate positive free cash flow?
Gerry Laderman: Yes, Jamie, I think we can.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Fair enough. Second to Andrew, relative to the international component, you have got a lot of new route activity. Could you speak to sort of like same-store sales or same-store RASM or revenue, I guess, relative to those new routes? And how does the ramp to profitability in all of these new markets compare to that in the past? I mean, are new markets maturing much faster? Or does it take about the same amount of time as it ever did? Im just trying to think about the read-through as some of these trends normalize next year.
Andrew Nocella: There is  for global long haul, there is virtually no [spool] (ph) up right now, Jamie. It gives us  the supply-demand equation is just not what its ever been in the past. While United supply across the Atlantic and Pacific is dramatically up and were happy it is dramatically up, obviously, industry supply is down. So what I would tell you is that the new routes come in very quickly with very strong profitability, which is why we keep adding them. That being said, in terms of same-store sales, I will say that London Heathrow is probably our weakest at this point because there is just  that there is a large amount of capacity in London Heathrow relative to the rest of the world, and weve grown there. And our connections within Europe in our key hubs are  have not fully recovered, just like they havent domestically. And so we actually do see some relative weakness in certain parts of the global network off of a strong base. But the new routes to your question are just coming in with home runs on day 1.
Jamie Baker: Thank you, gentlemen. Speedy answers. Take care. 
Operator: The next question comes from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just the 2023 CASM-ex rate seems pretty encouraging. I know you mentioned maintenance and distribution as being a main driver from the first half to second half, but it still seems to me that youre holding incremental cost. I mean, that may be the cost of doing business right now. But just curious if you could talk about what potentially rolls off next year as we start to think about CASM-ex there? Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: So Im not sure I would call it rolling off. But keep in mind, next year, one of the benefits were really going to start seeing is that growth in mainline gauge, as the aircraft continue to come in. That process is really just starting this year. So next year, we get the full run rate of the larger gauge aircraft and take even more next year. So when youre looking sort of where the tailwinds are next year, gauge is one. And the comps year-over-year are going to be better. Think of this year is really finally getting to the run rate of the post-COVID sort of full operation. So I think as an industry, were done with a lot of the surprises we all kind of saw coming out of COVID with some of the cost pressures. So I think from the cost side, the business has become more stable and a little more predictable.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Okay. Thats helpful. And then just on the evolving booking curve and seasonality that youve been talking about. Just curious how going to combat those challenges going forward? I mean Delta has mentioned they are talking about looking at like overbooking and like tinkering with the inventory. Just curious what the strategy is at United, if there is one to combat those changes in the booking curve. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Sure. Well, we think we clearly have the best RM system in the world, by the way. Thats what Ill start off with. While there has been a small change in the number of tickets not flown in the quarter, due to the increased flexibility created when United eliminated change fees its our view that its not really material and its fully accounted for by our RM systems. And Ill add on to that, our no-show rate is lower as well, and we will not be changing our overbooking levels at this point.
Conor Cunningham: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Savi Syth from Raymond James. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just a question on the MAX deliveries. It looks like you had three more deliveries than the prior plan in 1Q, but for the full year, kind of slipped a little bit. Just curious how youre feeling about confidence on kind of the MAX deliveries, especially given the recent news?
Gerry Laderman: Okay. Savi, from what we know on the recent news, we dont think thats going to have much of an impact on us, certainly wont have an impact on second quarter and what  and I think you may have seen this yourself, is Boeing has gotten back on track on delivering aircraft. The issues that they had over the prior few years, they have really managed well. And the impact from what we know today for the full year just will be minor.
Savi Syth: Okay. Thats helpful, Gerry. And maybe along those lines, a follow-up on the fuel efficiency, there is a little kind of surprised by kind of what we saw here in the first quarter, maybe a little bit less than what weve seen last year. Whats your expectation around how that trends kind of going forward, especially kind of given that, thats another part of the kind of the cost benefit in the United Next Plan?
Gerry Laderman: Well, as we start seeing more and more of the MAXs, we will start seeing that improvement that weve sort of talked about on United Next. Remember, weve just started taking delivery of those incremental aircraft. And therell be a nice pop in that as well once the MAX 10 delivers at some point.
Savi Syth: So just from a critical mass standpoint, when does that  when do you think roughly that is based on like what you know today, I guess?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. It starts to kick in next year, critical mass, maybe the year after.
Savi Syth: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: Im just going to see the trend. Quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Linenberg from Deutsche Bank. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Mike Linenberg: Hey, good morning. When I look at your sort of loads from fourth quarter to March quarter, I mean, you can see that seasonal hit. And Andrew, when I saw that I sort of thought maybe it had to do with a higher no-show rate, but you sort of just addressed that, that is not an issue. As you add more service to places like New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, Brazil, etcetera, does that  we should see improvement in that, right? Maybe you never actually are able to get to the level of, say, American or Delta from a seasonal perspective. But to some extent, you should be able to mitigate that as we think about the seasonality. Is that  is that kind of where were headed? Do we see that really start to narrow versus the industry?
Andrew Nocella: Its a good question. And our intent is to get it to narrow. But we do  were simply smaller in Florida due to a lot of reasons that  that cant be addressed in a matter of a few quarters, we have to be addressed over years. And so while our goal is to narrow that gap in Q1, I dont think to be blunt, were going to be able to eliminate it. Clearly, the introduction of counter-seasonal fly into the South Pacific definitely helps put it in the right direction, and we will be looking for more opportunities and we will be looking to grow Florida, I think, faster than probably most of our competitors because were just so going to continue to be our weakest quarter and a recovery of business traffic in Q1 will do the most to help our relative Q1 results.
Mike Linenberg: Okay. Thanks. And then just sort of as a follow-on and tied to that, when you look at the announcement that you did make yesterday, I mean its  it seems like its going to need a decent amount of additional capacity. And when I look at your fleet this year, I think you took two 778s in the March quarter, it does not look like were going to see any more wide-bodies coming in. How are you funding a lot of that new service later this year, should we assume that maybe its going to  China is not going to come back as much? Are you going to pull from other parts of the operation? Im just trying to figure out where youre going to get the aircraft because some of these routes require more than one airplane just to do daily round trip service?
Scott Kirby: Definitely was quite a few aircraft heading towards the South Pacific. What I would tell you is that we just seasonally reduced Europe and we would otherwise, but many of those wide-bodies into our domestic system and this year, our maintenance. And this year, those aircraft will be flying to the South Pacific, which we think is their best use. In regards to China, we continue to be stuck at four flights per week. We are preparing to supply more than that, but have been unable to get that done so far. But hopefully, later this year, we will be flying more to China, and we have the aircraft to do so if the conditions are  allow us to do so.
Mike Linenberg: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, good morning. I wanted to ask about one of the themes Scott started the call with on flexibility. And maybe a follow-up to Mikes question just there, but first on seasonal shaping  capacity. Given the new normal, is there a greater emphasis recently on seasonally shaping capacity? And how does maybe lack of regional lift or lack of ability to kind of flex up on regionals limit your ability to do that, if at all?
Andrew Nocella: Its a really good question. And I am hopeful that after further evidence that we will be able to operate a more stable schedule all the way from March through the end of October, which I think will definitely benefit our cost structure having less of the peak. However, we are not there just yet. I think we need to make it through this year. We need to see how the remote work schedules continue to play out. We need to, in particular, see how this September and this October do  we were fantastic, obviously, last year. And I think that will help us validate for next year whether we actually change the seasonal shape in, as I just described. And hopefully, we can but were not ready to really jump into the deep end of that pool today. So we will continue to peak the airline in July as we normally do, and we will see where we go from there. In terms of regional jets, the lack of regional jets has definitely hurt our connectivity. This is an issue. I talked about it, and were very focused on rebuilding that connectivity with the right jets going forward. And in fact, we dont intend to ever go back to the fleet of approximately 600 regional jets we had in 2019. We think the economics have changed. We think the business has changed and we need to change with it. That being said, on the good news front, the regional jet pilot situation has recently  in our mind, stabilized. Were no longer losing pilots at the same rate we were earlier  very early this year or last year. And the production of block hours in our regional jet division at the end of this year will be consistent with the production of block hours that we started the year with. And I can tell you that our original budget for that was not that. We thought we would continue to see deterioration. So the good news there is the regional jets are going to be able to at least temporarily help us boost our connectivity as we wait for all of our mainline jets from Boeing to deliver over the next 2 or so years.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks, Andrew for that detail. And then just sticking with the flexibility theme on capacity and the idea that you could kind of take capacity lower if the environment warranted, how much lower could you take it, I guess, relative to the high teens, 20% in the back half? And just conceptually, are we solving for margins this year? Or are we solving for CASM? Thank you for taking the questions. 
Andrew Nocella: I dont think were ever solving for CASM. Were solving for margin and, of course, the 10% to 12%. So that will always be our focus. And were going to maintain the flexibility. Like I said, Im pretty bullish about the international environment, and thats going to generate the large lions share of our ASM growth this year. And I expect International to be strong all the way through the end of October and so far, chose that. Its still early, obviously, when we look at that far, but were very optimistic. And domestically, Gerry set us up at a really good fleet plan where we have a significant number of older A320 and A319 aircraft that we could easily fly less or we could put on the ground if we thought that was necessary as we solve to reach the right margin and right EPS targets that we have for the year.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks for the thoughts.
Operator: The next question comes from Helane Becker from Cowen. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much operator. Hi, everybody. Thank you for the time. Two questions. One, did you say what pension contribution would be this year? And if not, could you? And then the other question I had was just on United Next and where you are in 23 versus the plan? And what progress is on maybe some of the bigger items. I think you just addressed Andrew, the regional jet and the narrow-body shift connecting smaller cities or connecting bank changes or something like that? Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Helane, yes, we did not say anything about pension. Nothings changed from our recent disclosures. There is  we expect no pension contributions this year. Our pensions are in good shape and both with the pension calculations that can be made and interest rates having nicely reduced the liabilities. We wouldnt expect any pension contributions actually for a couple of years.
Helane Becker: Thats great to know.
Andrew Nocella: On the United Next comment, as I indicated a bit earlier, my number one focus domestically is this connectivity issue. We can clearly see it when we look at our RASM by flight by market that we are just  were missing a lot of connectivity relative to where we were. And so as we go forward, were going to be very focused on rebuilding that connectivity and getting the bank sizes back to where they were, hopefully, in 2019, but it is going to take some time. But were optimistic just like we did it in 2017 and 2018. And that were going to do it again, and its going to be very accretive to margin profitability and, of course, to RASM as we build back the connectivity. So it is a really important focus of our domestic flying, and were ready to get that implemented as soon as possible.
Helane Becker: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I think despite the kind of tough macro outlook, pretty clear what you guys are expecting that things are fine for now, but there is high probability of a tail risk event. Can you help us with kind of what data points youre looking at to determine if these tail risks are either receding or materializing? Are these kind of airline specific data points or these broader macro data points into the latter kind of  where are some of those data points you are referring?
Scott Kirby: Well, maybe I will start and talk about it from a business traffic recovery and what we are seeing in there, because I do think one of the most common questions I get is business traffic recovering and what is it going to look like. And first of all, I wonder whether the old methods of measuring business travel will be the same in the future. But for now, its all we really have to really benchmark against 2019. I will say that as we look at business traffic three different ways, the first is from larger corporations that have a contract with United. The second from a set of demands from agencies that specialized in business traffic. And the third is based on ticket attributes. The third is clearly the most encompassing view as it includes small and medium-sized businesses that dont have an agency or dont have a contract for United. So, in Q4, the revenue recovery rate was between 70% and 85% for these three categories. In Q1, the revenue recovery rate for these three measurements range from 85% to 97%. And for the first two weeks of April, the recovery ranged from 95% to 101%. I think this data in the last two weeks of April was a surprise to us as we have seen more conservative measurements, start to approach 100%. The fact that large corporations are getting close to 100%, is a nice tailwind to United. As many of you know, this is critically important  critically important component to our revenues. I will also say that the recovery in global long-haul business is a few points of head of domestic. And all these measurements are just a good sign that our planned international revenue increases, our capacity increases are moving in the right direction. We obviously need more time to see if this trend will hold. But what I can tell you in the last week or so after reviewing this data become a lot more positive even as many of the headlines continue to predict a recession. As I have said in my opening statement, the trends for May look ahead of March. I can also confirm in absolute dollars the last 14 days have been the best booking days for business traffic revenue that we have seen since the pandemic. I will also add, since this step-up in business demand is very recent, we have not incorporated it into our revenue outlook for the quarter.
Ravi Shanker: Thats incredibly helpful. Thank you for the color there. And since my follow-up question was going to be about SMB versus enterprise corporate. I will switch it up and ask you about the cargo business. Obviously, a small portion of the business, but probably very volatile given that there was one of the bigger kind of pandemic era winners, how are you seeing that evolve through 23 and 24? And whats the normalized level there?
Scott Kirby: Yes. So, I mean cargo stepped down in Q1 and stepped down exactly with our plan, still well ahead of 2019, which is nice to see. But we are seeing very low prices, low yields across the system, particularly outside of United. We have been  I think we have done a great job of holding yields where they are at through our  really the best cargo team in the world, in my opinion. But not only is air freight challenges now, but also sea freight where rates are incredibly low. So, we are holding our own. I think again, we are executing consistent with our plan, and we have got this baked in for the rest of the year. We do expect to see more and more pressure on cargo yields going forward. But the United team is executing in an amazing way. Our relative size to our primary competitors, you can see it in the numbers. And so I am still actually bullish about the business relative to 2019. But look, its last Q1 in particular, we reached an unbelievable high based on where we were with the pandemic and COVID. We didnt expect we would be able to re-achieve that number, and we didnt. But again, we are on plan.
Ravi Shanker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning everyone and thank you. Scott, I wanted to ask you maybe a cost question. You have been fairly up, spoken about airlines needing more employees for the same level of operations. And your ASMs per employee are now just 3% below 2019 versus 6% to 7% in the second half of 22. And presumably, there is some advanced hiring as you are preparing for new aircraft. Is there room to further close the gap versus 2019 on this basis as we think about ASM mix and new aircraft deliveries?
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess we will see. But I feel really good about what we have done with running with higher resources than we did pre-pandemic, its leading to the best operation that one of the countries run the best operation, frankly, that we have ever run. Thats great for our customers. Thats great for our brand. I also think its turning out at least right now in this environment to be the lowest CASM outcome, that by being able to run a reliable operation, most sensitivity [ph] and being able to run a reliable operation is what is giving us the best CASM results in the industry and given us confidence about CASM results going forward. So, I think we are at the right place at the moment. Its obviously very  if the operating environment gets easier down the road, its obviously easy to adjust that, especially as we are growing just slip down the hiring for a month or two months and you are right back to where you were, so, easy to adjust, but I feel  I am really proud of how the team has done operationally. And I think it has been the lowest CASM outcome we could have had by running reliable operations.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And if I could just ask a question about your premium performance, which was pretty good, premium relative to 2019, up 25% compared to total domestic up 5%. Can you break that out in any sort of way, whether its RASM or yield performance? How we should think about the continued growth there?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I mean I have been really happy actually with our progress on the premium side in all of our cabins, particularly for Polaris. We have been just making a ton of progress in the Polaris cabin given the rebound in business traffic, but we still have more to come. In March, for example, our load factor was up 10 points year-over-year and 5 points versus 2019. We sold a lot of seats, but we sold business travel seats accounted for 7 points down year-over-year and premium leisure comp traffic compensated for that by being up 7 points. So, it just to offset it, but that came at a lower yield. So, we are carefully also trying to keep increased premium leisure demand and revenue created since the pandemic while accommodating more and more of traditional business traffic. There are lots of puts and takes with this given our load factors, but we do think that there is potential to get this done, particularly as we continue to integrate the new 737s, which come into our fleet with a large amount of premium seating. Most of our growth is tilted towards premium seating at this point, particularly as we retire the single class regional jets from the network. And so I will say that I think we are just hitting on all cylinders on this front and the progress we are seeing in Polaris in particular, with higher load factors, backfilling temporarily lease or premium leisure. And ultimately, as long-haul business traffic, as I said earlier, some of it back, faster, we were optimistic that we are going to get Polaris completely back to where it was in terms of relative profitability margin later this year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. So, when I look at domestic capacity for the second quarter, its back below 2019 levels. Its only up marginally from Q1, which is a lot less than normal. I guess is this that  when you go back to the plan from the beginning of the year, is this a change in how you are thinking about domestic capacity? Is this a sort of a one-off quarter, or is this more of a multi-quarter, more prolonged view of domestic capacity?
Scott Kirby: I do think it is a little bit lower than Q1. I think you are absolutely correct on that. Its where the numbers shook out. We clearly leaned as hard as we could, as quickly as we could into global long haul, which really turns on in March and April, and thats what shook out for domestic because we thought that was the best place to put the capacity. But you should see a little bit more domestic ASM growth in the second half than what we are seeing in the second quarter.
Scott Group: Okay. And then I know its early. You talked about next year, another focus on mainline gates. Any early preliminary thoughts on how you are thinking about overall capacity growth in 24?
Scott Kirby: I dont think we are prepared to give our guidance for 24. We are excited to continue implementing the United Next. And most importantly, for domestic or excited to make sure that we rebuild the connectivity as quickly as we can back to where we were pre-pandemic. And I think thats our biggest driver of domestic RASM next year and thats really all I can say at this point.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Vernon from Bernstein. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey. Thanks guys and thanks for fitting me in here. Two questions for you guys on the new seasonality. Andrew, can you maybe talk a little bit more about some of the short-term challenges and opportunities you are dealing with from the revenue management perspective, things like overbooking and how you are sort of managing yields with this, this sort of shift in customer behavior, which seems relatively new? And then, Scott, I would love to get your long-term perspective on what do you think United might need to do a little bit differently if we are going to be relying more on the leisure market, things like do you still get the same bang for the buck out of like a Polaris launch, for example, if this shift continues longer term? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. What I would say is the booking curves have adjusted. They are both international and domestic are booking further out, the international more extreme than domestic. And so we are  RM systems have adjusted for this very, very quickly, and we are booked ahead in our global long-haul system based on the change in the booking curve. Domestic has also moved out. There is I think 4 points greater outside of 21 days and there is inside of 21 days right now. And again, RM systems have adjusted for that. That being said, we are managing to keep yield domestically as close as possible to where we were last year. And as we look at this, we expect we are going to run lower load factors in our domestic entity in Q2 as a result. Thats part of our plan. We think its the right strategy. And we do think we will be able to fill up some of these seats were closer in higher yield in business. And the back that business has had significant recent recovery in the last two weeks makes me even more bullish that we have executed the right strategy there and that we do have capacity available to accommodate closer in business demand to the extent it materializes in Q2.
Scott Kirby: And on the longer term, its an interesting question. First, I wouldnt conclude that business  we will see what happens with business demand. In the near-term, though the most obvious things we can do are the things that are happening in revenue management. Andrew talked about we have the best revenue management system and team in the industry, that is true. We made huge investments coming into the pandemic included it during the pandemic. And our team is just really like none of these things, they are generally not that surprising. We didnt really appreciate fully seasonality shift, but the revenue management system is working well. And thats one of the obvious places Andrew talked also about pivoting the network. Its another one that straightforward things to do, fly more to Florida, more leisure destinations. In terms of things like Polaris Class, Andrew also talked about the fact that while we have less business traffic flying internationally, we have a lot more premium leisure. So, I wouldnt anticipate, at least in the near term, any radical shifts in the strategy and mostly probably come in terms of capacity deployment, more than anything which one could have fungible assets, thats relatively easy for us to do.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Claire Buchi [ph]. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I wanted to ask about summer operations. You mentioned cutting flights in New York earlier in the call. I wanted to ask about what other operational changes United is making this summer to avoid a repeat of the disruptions of last summer?
Torbjorn Enqvist: Hey Claire, this is Toby. Well, we have done a lot. Lets talk about Newark and New York first. So, we work with the FAA. FAA gave us a waiver for the summer. So, we are down about 30 flights per day in Newark and at peak times thats going to make a big difference. Also, like Andrew said, we are not the only one. So, for the first time in a long while in New York, we actually will be scheduled to on a blue sky day, at least what the capacity of the airport can actually hold. So, we are really bullish on that. And on top of that, and Andrew mentioned this in his remarks as well, we are actually going to have 17 new normal mainline gates in the brand-new terminal in New York. And if you guys havent been there, its a fantastic terminal. I mean its a world-class terminal replacing a 1969 [indiscernible] terminal that we were in last year. So, just right up the bat right there, thats going to be a huge improvement. The other thing  again, United actually did, if you guys remember, we actually did pretty well last year, last summer. I think the biggest issues we had was actually the infrastructure, especially in the Transatlantic. And now actually, we are just in Europe two weeks ago and talked to our biggest Air Force there Heathrow, Frankfurt and Munich. And they are 1 year ahead of all the hiring and all the other things there. So, again, its summer, its peaked up. Its not going to be perfect, but we are in a much, much, much better place than we were last year and we visited, I mean all the terminals in Europe is actually open this year. We had large traffic terminals in Europe last year, both in Amsterdam and Heathrow and others that were even open, and they are wide open and open for business this year. So, we are  again, we are  we call it summer readiness. We are not taking it lightly. Summer is our Super Bowl, is the toughest time to operate. Its going to have some tough base really with weather and things, but we are going to be in a much, much better place than we were last year.
Unidentified Analyst: I just  Delta said that they were flying less than they had expected. They were trying to reduce the turnaround time for maintenance on aircraft. Is there just any of that detail that you can share with us?
Torbjorn Enqvist: Well, I would just  I will take that, too. We have already done that. So, when we talk about we are not building our own like its 2019, we built those buffers in prospectively and in advance. And thats why we ran the best operation in the country because we were ahead of the curve. And perhaps others are catching up to that, but we were ahead of that curve, and thats what led to the best operation in the country in the first quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
Leslie Josephs: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just curious on the retrofits, how many of those do you expect to get this year and how many were you expecting before? And what was the outlook for 2024? And then its been almost 7 years since you have launched Polaris and just curious if you are and how are you thinking about kind of the successor to that?
Scott Kirby: Okay. Thats a good question, and I will not answer the latter question other than the teams are always working on innovations at United across all of our business functions. And I am sure somebody somewhere is working on something great when it comes to seats and we will leave it at that. In regards to retrofits, and I dont have the numbers here. We will have somebody call you back. But the reality is the supply challenges across the board whether it would be IFE systems, chips, seats and many other things are just more challenging than they have ever been in our business. And while we converted our first A319 a few weeks, it should be flying hopefully, any day now in the new interior, and we have multiple lines that we will be doing this summer. So, you will see a rapid increase in the number of aircraft with the signature interior through retrofits and through new aircraft. The total time to convert all the aircraft is just going to be longer than we expected, unfortunately, probably by a year or 2 years, to be frank. So, we will get there. It will just take a little bit longer than we had originally intended. But you will see material progress. We will get some of the numbers out to you separately by the end of this year.
Leslie Josephs: And do you expect that to hurt your revenue premium at all for people that are booking up or choosing United because it has those features?
Scott Kirby: No, what I would tell you is that the increasing of getting on an aircraft, the United signature interior is going to go up rapidly. Its just the tail of this is going to take a little longer to get done. So, our investment in our brand and our products and our services, and how we are differentiating ourselves from our competitors, I think our customers already see it. And they are going to see it a lot more in the coming quarters. Its going to be a little bit slower than we had hoped, but I know people are noticing it already. We can see the NPS scores on these converted aircraft are definitely the new aircraft and we are excited to get it done as quickly as we possibly can.
Leslie Josephs: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alison Sider. Your line is un-muted. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Thanks. Yes. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about anything that United might be doing kind of in the wake of the handful of mirror collisions that the industry has been seeing. Are you  are there any particular steps that you are taking to respond to that, or like do you have any theories about whats been going on?
Scott Kirby: So, I am proud of the whole aviation industry for the level of safety that we have, which is at least an order of magnitude higher than any others appropriately so. And when aviation professionals talk about safety is our number one priority, that is something thats deeply embedded in the DNA and everyone, not just at United, but across the industry. United Airlines, in particular, is at the tip top of that pyramid in terms of safety. Our team, I think is doing a really good job of saying in todays environment, where you are coming back out of COVID, and there is new people working in airports or new air traffic controllers or whatever it is, and increasing the amount of training, the time in training, quality of training. We are spending more money and a lot more time and resources there. And in fact, we put a Vice President, a guy named Mark Champion [ph], who has been a champion for safety for his entire career into a new role where he is exclusively responsible for safety and quality of training for our aviators. And I think we are leading on that and continuing to push to make the system what is already the safest system in the world even stronger, and I feel good about the have there on and Mark being charged with that responsibility and having really as many resources as he need to the one person that doesnt have to live to his budget because he can do whatever he needs to do to make sure that we keep this the interest steep as we have always been.
Alison Sider: So, when you look in some of your own data, like do you see any kind of trend or any sort of connection between sort of the newness of people and incidents or potential incidents or anything like that?
Scott Kirby: Well, one of the great things about aviation is we use and we share data. We have great safety systems where our own employees can report without repercussion to them that encourages reporting because its been, I guess well over a decade since there has been accidents [ph] in the United States. What that means is we have to look for, say, that are close to the out of tolerance, throughout a tolerance to find it and sharing that data across the industry is a strength that I think is unique to aviation and what leads to our higher safety standards. So, we have teams of people and our competitors have teams of people. And on this one, we dont compete. We share the data with each other on doing that. And they are always, always, always looking for no matter how good we get, whats the next place that we can get even better. That process as well, its continuing to work well. I think they have an even elevated sense of responsibility right now as we are coming out of COVID and feel great about where we are headed.
Alison Sider: Okay.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you all. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-18 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022. My name is Candice, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Toby Enqvist; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line to assist with Q&A. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everyone. Before we do our normal [Technical Difficulty] walk you through a short deck that explains the intellectual rationale of what were[Technical Difficulty] and where we think the industry is headed over a longer term horizon. In short, we think theres ample evidence that there really have been structural changes in the airline industry that set the entire industry up for higher margins than we had pre-pandemic. First, while the specific to the demand environment will be different, we expect it to return to at least [Technical Difficulty] it could go higher. Second, we believe cost convergence among all airlines as well as supply challenges may drive structurally higher industry margins. And finally, United has been pretty accurate about the macro outlooks, impact of COVID, and what the recovery would look like going all the way back to February 29, 2020. And based on that, United really did take a different and unique approach to the recovery. At the onset of the pandemic, we acted first, and we acted more aggressively than anyone else to protect our airline and the jobs of the people who work at United. At the time, in fact, some said that we were overreacting and that the pandemic wouldnt be so bad. But by confronting that reality and acting quickly, our leadership team was able to be the first airline to move forward turning crisis into opportunity and began making plans for big investments in Uniteds futures, while others frankly were still in crisis response mode. It clearly had a head start and planning for the recovery, and youre already seeing it in both our absolute results as weve achieved our 9% adjusted pre-tax margin ahead of schedule, and in our relative margin results compared to the rest of the industry. On this next slide, you can see what industry revenues look like as a percentage of GDP over time. A few interesting points: The industry still has about 15% domestic revenue growth left to go just to get back to 2019 levels here in 2023. Our base case 9% and 14% margin targets assume that we just get back to the 0.49% ratio. In the 1990s and 2000s however, revenue to GDP was even higher. As youll see in the next few slides, we think that cost convergence may drive revenues higher than 0.49%. And for what its worth, every single basis point of domestic increase translates into about 1 point of margin for United. On slides 5 and 6, Ill address what I think is the most significant structural change to happen to the industry in a long time. For a host of reasons, we believe the industry capacity aspirations for 2023 and beyond are simply unachievable. But, just like 2022, when the industry capacity was 7 points lower than initial guidance, and we believe that same thing will happen this year for the same reasons. Weve talked a lot about the pilot shortage, which is just one of multiple constraints. We, along with Delta, American and Southwest alone are planning to hire about 8,000 pilots this year, compared to historical supply in the 6,000 to 7,000 range. Pilots are and will remain a significant constraint on capacity. Post COVID, all companies including airlines and the FAA need to staff at higher levels, lower experience levels combined with sick rates that are elevated because of COVID, and new state legislation that makes it a lot easier to call in sick. We believe any airline that tries to run at the same stepping levels that it had pre-pandemic is bound to fail and likely to tip over to meltdown anytime there are weather or air traffic control stress in the system. OEMs are behind on aircraft, on engines, on parts. Across the board, there are supply chain constraints that limit the ability of airlines to grow. Finally, the FAA and most airlines with the exception of the network carriers have outgrown their technology infrastructure and simply cannot operate reliably in this more challenging environment. Taking all of the above into the consideration, we think at United, we need to carry at least 5% more pilots per block hour than pre-pandemic. In addition to that, air traffic control challenges mean our taxi and in-route flight times are elevated and growing. So, the same number of block hours probably produces 4% to 5% fewer ASMs. Put it together, we need 10% more pilots and 5% more aircraft to produce the same number of pre-pandemic ASMs. Like it or not, thats just the new reality and the new math for all airlines. I think, however, we may be the only airline thats actually figured this out and likely the only airline that has included this in our 2023 CASM-ex guidance already. And to be clear, all of these issues also impact United. The reality is that the airline industry is probably the most complex operational industry with by far the highest safety and regulatory standards of any industry in the country. And COVID hit our industry harder than others. All of us, airlines and the FAA, lost experienced employees and most didnt invest in the future. That means the system simply cant handle the volume today, much less the anticipated growth. At United, we also missed our capacity target for 2022. We had our own challenges over a year ago during Christmas of 21. Omicron hit us all hard. But it had also shown a spotlight on other strains in the system. We responded by proactively pulling down capacity. It was the only choice. You cant change the engines on an airplane when its flying. We flew a lot less last year than wed have liked to fly, but we did it intentionally, because it gave us the breathing room to make even further investments in our technology and infrastructure, and increase our staffing levels. And we had a huge start -- head start compared to most airlines, because we started with much better technology and infrastructure. But also importantly, we got to acceptance quickly and didnt spend much time in denial about the structural changes. We accepted that the structural changes were real and moved quickly to what to do about it. On that point, I also fully recognize that most or perhaps all of our competitors will get on their calls next week and tell you one time event, no big deal, no change to our capacity plans. If so, I think they are just wrong. Its intellectually hard and takes time to get through the denial phase. What happened over the holidays wasnt a onetime event caused by the weather and it wasnt just at one airline. One airline got the bulk of the media coverage, but the weather was the straw that broke the camels back for several. This keeps happening, over and over again. And you can see that despite good weather, ULCC still hadnt recovered even as we entered the New Year. The operational difficulties are just the latest among numerous data points proving the systemic challenges that are going to limit the growth in flight. As you can see on the data on slide 6, Uniteds hub locations mean that we pretty much always have the worst weather. In spite of this, we are able to lead the industry, because we are doing a lot of things differently than we did historically. We made significant additional investments in technology and infrastructure. We are running with 5% to 10% staffing buffers. That means, we need more pilots, gate agents, flight attendants, rampers, et cetera to fly the same schedule. We are running with about 25% more spare aircraft than we did pre-pandemic, and we are flying lower aircraft utilization. All of those obviously cost money, but its clearly the right thing to do for our customers and most -- among the most important things we can do to win their loyalty. And its turning out these buffers are much less expensive than the cost of avoiding the otherwise inevitable operational meltdowns. In their forward guidance other airlines are likely to talk about returning to 2019 utilization, efficiency, et cetera, but we believe thats just wrong. Our industry has been changed profoundly by the pandemic, and you cant run your airline like its 2019 or you will fail. But dont take my word for it, watch the data. United will always have the toughest operating environment. Any airline thats operating meaningfully worse than United is out over their skis and is simply outgrown their technology, infrastructure and resources. Slide 7 transitions to the unique setup on the international front. This is one of the most stark examples of what United did differently than our competitors. Over the pandemic, we bet international would return strong post-pandemic. And because we were the only airline around the world with that view of the recovery, we were also the only airline to make two important strategic decisions. We didnt retire widebody aircraft, and we were the only airline in the world that negotiated a deal with our pilot union to keep pilots in place and in position. That allowed us to quickly bounce back. The decisions that our competitors around the globe made to retire aircraft and downgrade pilots take years to reverse. And because of that, they simply cant grow, and you already see that in this summers capacity data. On slide 8, Ive already hit on the theme, so Ill try not to belabor it here, but United had a conscious strategy to use the pandemic to invest in the future. Our large aircraft orders were just the latest example of this. New planes are big ticket items to get lots of attention. But other investments weve made in technology, infrastructure, and people havent drawn big headlines, even though they too are essential to our success. The point here is that we really were unique. It wasnt just one thing and it wasnt just aircraft. It started with the fact that we always believed in a full recovery. And as a result, we invested and invested early. On slide 9, everything about this deck hopefully gives investors some comfort on why we have confidence in our margin targets. But I think theres potential for margins to go even higher, making slide 9 the money slide for this entire deck for me, at least. You can have whatever view you want about capacity. But what really matters is cost convergence. Its already happening and Im pretty sure its going to continue. I believe a world where ULCCs pay their pilots significantly less than us, yet, they can still hire and retain pilots, and they can somehow operate with previous staffing and utilization levels is just the null set. Its not a realistic scenario. And with cost convergence, if I were a betting man, and actually I am, Id bet that the revenue to GDP ratio is going back to the mid 5s. Well see. And again, we expect to hit our margin targets even at the 0.49% level. But if it is true, I believe industry margins will go even higher. Thats not our official guidance, to be clear, but its certainly possible. And so, to conclude, I think the pandemic led to a structural change in the industry. The supply-demand dynamics are different than theyve ever been in my career. I realize theres a lot of investor skepticism on that. But every data point, keeps demonstrating it over and over again. And because United saw this ahead of everyone else, we were able to invest and prepare to take advantage of it. To be clear, I think margins across the board are going to be higher in the airline industry. But because of the unique steps we took to prepare for exactly this kind of recovery, youre also already seeing Uniteds relative performance is strong and I expect that lead to just expand. A huge thanks to the entire United team. Youre really doing an amazing job and you are making United the biggest and the best airline in the history of aviation. And with that, Ill hand it off to Toby, wholl explain some of these critical investments, why they were important to the success for operation through the most difficult holiday operating environment in my career. Toby?
Toby Enqvist : Thanks, Scott, and hello to everyone tuning in today. I first want to thank our employees for their exceptional performance over the holidays. We faced a really challenging operating environment that included some of the busiest days of the year and historical cold weather across most of our hubs and line station. While you wouldnt know it from the holiday travel headlines, United was actually the most impacted airline from a weather perspective. 36% of all our flights were exposed [Technical Difficulty] 21st, and 26th, more than any other airline in the country. And even though our load factor was already high, we accommodated thousands of additional customers on short notice when their travel on other airlines was disrupted. Despite these headwinds over the holidays, our team connected 90% of our customers within four hours of their planned arrival and served more than 8 million people, 1 million more than we did last year. And our operation performed very well, especially because there were these tough conditions. United was among the airlines with the fewest cancellations during the holidays and we were number one in completion in Denver, San Francisco, Houston and Washington, and Dallas. And we practically eliminated all crew related challenges and cancellations compared to the 2021 holiday period. So, how did we do this? The answer lies in all the planning and investment we made during the depths of the pandemic. Instead of just trying to run the airline like we did in 2019, we worked over the last three years to prepare for a different, more complex operating environment and a sudden surge in travel demand. To prepare specifically for the 2022 holiday period, weve purposely built some slack in the schedule and reduced how often we fly during peak times. We accelerated our hiring and added staffing buffers in key locations. We built firewalls to prevent individual weather events from spilling over into broader network. And finally, we beefed up our training in every department, including clearing out the pilot training backlog to be resource ready for the peak travel demand season. Again, as Scott said, our work to prepare goes back even further. Over the last three years, United invested in systems, training, tools and technology that would empower our employees and benefit our customers [Technical Difficulty] a modernized crew scheduling system with 800% improvement in performance, capacity and security versus 2019, a smart schedule and operations coordination to build a reliable and operable schedules, additional spare aircraft in our fleet, updated technology infrastructure supporting our network, operations, airport operations and [Technical Difficulty]. Together with our industry leading customer facing technologies like ConnectionSaver and Agent on Demand, both of which now are integrated in our mobile app. Some of these investments are obviously more marketable than others, but they all make a difference in our performance. Finally, I want to point out the biggest difference maker for United this holiday season, our frontline teams. They worked as one team, they volunteered to pick up extra trips and work overtime and again record setting cold temperature. It was the combination of their dedication and the proactive investment in technology and infrastructure that led to our success. And with that, Ill hand it over to Andrew to talk about the numbers.
Andrew Nocella : Thanks Toby. TRASM for the fourth quarter finished up 25.8% and PRASM up 24.6% versus the same period in 2019, a 9.5% less capacity, which was similar performance to Uniteds third quarter results and above the high end of our TRASM guidance for the quarter. TRASM growth for non-passenger revenue continued to outpace PRASM and Q4, although that will reverse in 2023. The reversal is due to cargo revenue decline in year-over-year to new post pandemic run rate that remained well above 2019 and co-brand credit card revenue growing slower relative to our rate of ASM growth for the year. PRASM in Q4 was strong across all parts of the network versus 19 with domestic results up 23%, Latin up 30%, Europe 11% and Pacific up 42%. International capacity in the quarter was down 12% and domestic was down 8%. Looking back at our revenue performance for all of 2022, our overall TRASM performance comparing to 19 was up 19.5%, about 6 points better than our expectation for the rest of the industry on average at this point and 3 points better than our network competitors during the same time period. To meet our overall 2023 outlook, we are expecting flattish TRASM for the year versus 2022. The impact of cargo and other revenues on TRASM in 23 is a negative 2 to 3 points year-over-year, implying PRASM up about 2 to 3 points in our outlook. As we think about the revenue outlook for 2023, we are bullish about global long-haul. We expect industry capacity across both the Atlantic and Pacific. The United is the largest carrier to be flattish versus 2019, which provides for an easy setup and positive RASM year-over-year. International demand remains incredibly strong, and we are looking at the potential for record profits and margins across our global network. Asia has traditionally been a margin drag on our global flying, but weve worked diligently to rebuild the network and close this gap. And we think 2023 will validate that we accomplish that goal. Asia is also close to being fully opened, allowing United to reestablish the bulk of the specific flying outside of China. Its worth noting that restrictions on the use of Russian airspace will constrain United from flying both of our China network in 2023. This same restriction will also limit our ability to fly to India. While I would not normally provide revenue details about the months within a quarter, I think its important to share what we are seeing in Q1. Our unit revenue outlook for February and March is largely consistent with the levels weve seen in the past three quarters at roughly 25% higher than 19. We believe January is a negative outlier in Q1 with unit revenues compared to 2019 softer than the months after it. We think this is primarily due to holiday timing with less demand for incremental weekend trips, enabled by hybrid work schedules, so soon after the year-end holidays. But, we expect the second half of February and March to be back on trend with booked revenue already 30% to 40% above the same period in 2019, and I think this validates our excitement for 2023. Overall, we expect our Q1 TRASM to be up approximately 25% year-over-year. Another positive catalyst for 2022 revenues is the continued but slow recovery of traditional large corporate business travel. While November and December were low relative to October, its great to see that January is materially better by about 5 points versus the average for Q4. January represents the start of a new budget year for most, so its a great way to start the year. And weve heard often that budgets in 2022 were exhausted early as to why November and December travel were a bit disappointing for large corporate travel. I talked about the great setup we see in global long-haul earlier. We also see a nice setup for our domestic operations as constraints across the industry are everywhere, creating a favorable supply-demand environment. United is also now quickly executing on United Next plans focused on gauge, premium seating, revenue segmentation, signature interiors and most importantly, restoring and building connectivity, which suffered during the pandemic. Were opening 17 new mainline gates in Newark and 20 in Denver in 2023, which will enhance our customer experience and improve reliability. In Denver, the new gates will allow us to grow our most profitable hub. And in Newark, the new gates will allow us to transition more flights to mainline from Express, consistent with our United Next plans. In addition to gates, we opened more United Club space. In Newark, we have 69% more club space and Denver will be up 180% versus 2019. We also have expanded club space in Chicago by 40% with a new club that opened last week and in Dallas by 43%. Most of these club projects will soon be online and were planned during or prior to the pandemic. Importantly, there are more projects on the way in the years to come. Looking beyond 2023, we continue to implement our United Next plans. Weve adjusted our upward -- our long-term gauge plan so that by 2026, our North American gauge will be up 25% versus 2022 and 40% versus 2019. United continues to be undersized in gauge as we await delivery of our large narrowbody planes that are largely absent from our current schedule, creating a margin gap versus our potential and versus others that have a significant fleet size in this category. Activity suffered in 2022 due to a reduction in RJ flying capabilities and delays from Boeing. Pilot staffing at our regional operators has stabilized since pay changes went into effect essentially matching one of our competitors combined with our AVA program that provides a 4-year transition plan for pilots from an express job to a United Mainline career. Regional jet utilization is showing signs of improvement, but we still have a long way to go, and it will be until about 2025 or beyond to get to normal. We have also signed a new agreement with Mesa to expand our large RJ flying in 2023 and associated small community service, while our relationship with Air Wisconsin comes through a natural end. With this change, the number of regional partnerships is reduced from 6 to 5 and will eliminate approximately 40 single-class 50 RJs that were not part of our long-term plans in exchange for adding dual-class 70 CRJs, a clear win for United, small communities and our customers. Rebuilding connectivity will be a key focus in 2023 and 2024, and will be significantly additive to RASMs as it was in 2018 and 19, giving us confidence as we do it with optimal gauge this time around. Thanks to the entire United team. And with that, Ill turn it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you to the whole United team for closing out the year strong. With adjusted pretax income of $1.1 billion, we came in ahead of our fourth quarter expectations and not only returned to pre-pandemic levels of profitability, but actually exceeded the fourth quarter of 2019 on both an operating and pretax margin basis. Even more encouraging in the second half of 2022, we achieved an adjusted pretax margin of 9%, which matches our margin target for 2023 and puts us well on our way for that same success this year. Turning to costs. Our CASM ex performance in the second half of 2022 meaningfully improved versus the start of the year. As I mentioned last quarter, a big driver of this success is the return of the grounded 777 to flying and further improvement in our operational reliability. As we know, a well-run operation is a more cost-efficient operation. Looking ahead, we expect first quarter 2023 CASM-ex to be down between 3% and 4% with capacity up 20% versus the first quarter of 2022. On a full year basis, we expect 2023 CASM-ex to be about flat with capacity up high-teens versus 2022. This full year cost outlook is inclusive of investments in the system that support operational reliability, our current expectations for new labor increases, representing about 4.5 points of CASM-ex, excluding any possible signing bonuses, and a higher inflation outlook for all parts of the business. On the first point, one lesson learned during the pandemic recovery is that it is both economical and profit maximizing to provide cushion to our aircraft utilization. Instead of pushing utilization to its theoretical limit, we are focused on protecting our reliable operation. This minimizes delays and cancellations, which would otherwise drive higher costs such as overtime and customer accommodation costs. Turning to our expectation on profitability. As Andrew mentioned, demand remains healthy. As a result, and using the January 10 forward curve for fuel prices, we expect our first quarter 2023 adjusted pretax margin to be around 3%, resulting in an adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.50 and $1. Additionally, building on a successful second half of 2022 and with industry dynamics Scott described at the start of the call, we feel even more confident about achieving our United Next 2023 adjusted pretax margin target of 9% and expected adjusted diluted earnings per share between $10 and $12 for the full year. On aircraft, we currently expect to take delivery of 92 Boeing 737 MAXs, 2 Boeing 787s, and 4 Airbus A321neo aircraft in 2023. Assuming all these aircraft are delivered, we now expect full year 2023 total adjusted capital expenditures to be around $8.5 billion. Even with this elevated level of CapEx, based on the capacity, revenue and cost guidance weve outlined, we expect adjusted free cash flow to be positive for the full year. Looking beyond 2023, last month, we announced an aircraft order with Boeing that included 100 firm 787 aircraft, which will address much of our widebody replacement needs through 2032. We also received options for up to 100 additional 787s that can be used for growth if there are margin accretive opportunities to do so. Additionally, the order included 100 incremental 737 aircraft to both, meet planned United Next targets and start preparing for narrowbody replacements in 2027 and beyond. Our aircraft order book is one of our key assets as it provides us with both, cost-saving replacement aircraft and the ability to take advantage of profit-enhancing growth opportunity. The cost of the flexibility built into the order book, we can also adjust the delivery time line as the macro economy dictates. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the year with liquidity of $18 billion and reduced our adjusted net debt by $3.3 billion versus year-end 2021. We continue to balance liquidity levels with deleveraging activity and financing opportunities as we expect to end the year having met our 2023 target of adjusted net debt to EBITDAR of less than 3 times. Were entering 2023 with a strong foundation, and I want to recognize all of the hard work that has gone into running this great airline. We look forward to delivering to our customers, employees and investors in 2023. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina for the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Candice, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Theres been some pushback just on the 2023 jet fuel guide and just trying to get comfortable with the link between cost and revenue. So, RASM is the highest its basically ever been. And even with the capacity constraints out there, industry capacity is now being added. So, what gives you the confidence that you might pass along additional cost headwinds on to customers in the current environment?
Gerry Laderman: Hey. Conor, let me provide a little bit of color on that and maybe Andrew will as well. But first of all, we -- when we provide our fuel guidance, we did this quarter, what we always do, which is we look at the forward curve about a week ahead of the release. So last week -- those numbers, as you know, can change daily. In fact, if we had run it more recently, we would have put out fuel numbers potentially $0.10 to $0.15 higher. All things being equal, that would represent about 1 point of margin, but we are -- we continue to remain confident that there is the correlation between revenue and fuel that weve seen historically. For the first quarter, near term, we dont have quite the same ability that we would have during the full year. But even for the first quarter, we still have February, March and fuel will change daily. And for the full year, were still comfortable that there is this correlation. And in fact, had we put a higher fuel number -- and there probably would have been a different revenue number. But let me just give you an example that gives me some comfort. But keep in mind that for the back half of 2022, where we achieved 9% margin, fuel was $3.68. So, we do have a lot of cushion. And I dont know if Andrew has any additional color.
Andrew Nocella: No, I think you covered it really well, Gerry. The -- we absolutely still do believe and have seen constantly over time that fuel is a pass-through on both, the up and the down. And the other thing I can tell you is, as we look at our advanced booking particularly starting in the mid-February time period out well beyond that and into Q2 were in a really good, strong supply-demand equation thats allowing our RM systems to actively work to do what they do best. So, I feel really confident about the outlook.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then just on the United Next plan. So when you guys talked about that originally, it was all about leading on costs, and I realize the environment has changed a lot since then. But, as you start to look at the cost structure that includes labor and so on, is your expectation that this -- like that United becomes a cost story again going forward -- in the post-2023 world, going forward. Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: Well, Conor, theres no question theres been an industry reset on costs, and I think Scott did a nice job sort of describing that and the cost convergence ahead. For us, if you just look at our guidance we put out about six months ago for 2023, theres been movement. Theres no question, probably about 9 points. 3 points of that is just the capacity difference between what we thought 6 months ago versus what were thinking today. Another 3 points in the labor numbers we put in, the rest is inflation and buffers. But whats important for the United Next plan is the relative cost story, which remains very intact. So, whether its the mainline gauge benefit were seeing -- we will see from all the additional aircraft or less reliance on single-class 50-seat aircraft that have come out and will continue to come out of the operation. Were very comfortable in the United Next cost story as its been adjusted for the industry cost impact.
Operator: Our next question is from Catie OBrien from Goldman Sachs.
Catie OBrien: Maybe just coming at the revenue question a little differently, maybe for Scott or whoever else wants to answer. How do you think about getting back to airline revenue as a percentage of GDP? I think that makes a lot of sense conceptually. But, do you think the industry gets there on pricing if volume versus GDP is lower given the capacity constraints we talked about?
Scott Kirby: Well, I mean, if you go back and look at history, while load factors have gone up a little, I wouldnt expect a lot of change in load factor. And if you went back a few years, pricing in real terms was higher [Indiscernible] it remains a great value. I mean, air travel prices are probably 50% lower than they were about 30 years ago in real terms. And you can still frequently pay more for your Uber to the airport than you do for your airline ticket to Florida. And so, I think -- but I think that what this means is the era of $4 prices from Los Angeles to Cabo and $7 from New York to Florida or $9 from Houston to Central America are probably a thing of the past. And cost convergence -- its up to other airlines to decide how to price the product. But Im pretty sure its not upto them whats happening to their cost structure. And as that is changing, we see it happening already. It is what happened last year. Its what changed last year. We see that continuing, to Andrews earlier point, too, I look at the data as well and following our revenue management team is doing a great job. But the yield curve for February is higher than January. The yield curve for March is higher than February. And the yield curve for the second quarter is higher than March. And by the way, bookings are ahead in all periods. So, I think its a structural reset. I think it is the investor store or aviation, I think its good for everyone. I think its particularly good for airlines like United that have the sophistication, the technology, the infrastructure to operate in this more challenging environment. But its good for everyone. And its just a structural reset thats reversing what happened over the past couple of decades, at least a possibility of it. I think its likely, but well see it at least a possibility.
Catie OBrien: Thanks so much for that color. And live in New York, can definitely confirm on the Uber versus the airfare of late, so somewhere there. And obviously, a lot has changed, as we just talked about since the original United Next plan, particularly how the capacity bottlenecks weve been talking about have played out. How should we think about capacity growth over the next couple of years? Are you still targeting to be about 40% bigger in 2026 based on that 4% to 6% CAGR or help us reset the bar? Thanks so much.
Andrew Nocella: Ill try that. I dont think were going to reset the bar here. Obviously, this is really dynamic. And the OEM delivery delays, both on engines and aircraft have been really unprecedented. So, were not going to reguide today to what 2026 looks like, other than were plotting our course in very bumpy skies when it comes to the availability of aircraft. And theres not a quarter that goes by where I dont get an update with obviously disappointing results from what our outlook looks like for aircraft deliveries. So, well continue to monitor that. And at the appropriate point in time, well update the guidance.
Scott Kirby: I think, the important point is we have real confidence in achieving our 14% margin under sort of all the plausible scenarios for aircraft deliveries.
Operator: Next, we have Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker: Gerry, a question on the labor cost assumptions, the pilots in the 4.5-point headwind. Do you expect the pilot economics to be backdated to January 1st, or are you using some other date? And also related to this, the EPS guide, do you also consider Deltas profit-sharing formula to be market?
Gerry Laderman: Jamie, nice question, but neither one of those were going to be able to talk about on the call. Youre asking for too much information regarding potential negotiations.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Second question for Scott then. On the topic of cost convergence, I think you said that the ability for discounters to maintain a significant wage arbitrage is narrowing or impaired. I didnt quite get your language. But if we look at the Spirit and JetBlue TAs, yes, theyre incrementally expensive, but the resulting wage advantage to, lets just go with Delta here. Its still pretty much the same. So, were you implying that the arbitrage has to narrow even more, or did I misunderstand?
Scott Kirby: Im saying, not implying, that I dont think a world where they pay meaningfully less and still hire and successfully fly and complete their schedules. I think thats an offset. I dont think they can do it. And one of the other ULCCs has really been struggling this year with a completion factor, which at least had us internally wondering if they had pilot shortage issues because systems been really pretty good. There was a one-day FAA outage, but the weather has been good, and theyve been consistently having problems. And then 8 or 9 days ago, they put out a $50,000 signing bonus for pilots. And look, however you want to calculate it, however you want to look at it. And if youre interested, I can give you some more real-time facts, like Ive watched the data closely. And its not happening. I mean what happened over the holidays wasnt just at one airline. And at all the airlines that had challenges, you can look at our data that we put out. And if you want data for whats happening right now, I can tell you some more stuff. But, there are a number of airlines who cannot fly their schedules. The customers are paying the price. Theyre canceling a lot of flights. But they simply cant fly the schedules today. Maybe its pilots, maybe its something else, maybe its technology, maybe its infrastructure, but what Im confident of the big three -- and by the way, I think JetBlue has invested in this, the big three and JetBlue are operating at a different level than everyone else for whatever the reasons are.
Operator: Next is Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Scott, thanks for that kind of early intro to the call, pretty extraordinary set of kind of facts, an argument you laid out there. What does this mean for the industry kind of longer term? Kind of its really unusual to see an industry, to your point, try to grow in the face of the restrictions that they have like this? I mean, how does this end? I mean, do you think theres going to be like regulatory scrutiny on kind of airlines trying to grow when they cant, and thats hurting service, or what happens next here?
Scott Kirby: Well, I think what its going to lead to one way or another is less capacity. You just -- its not mathematically possible for all the airlines to achieve their aspirations. And now, Ill just give you the data. Im not trying to pick on these two airlines. But, like this seems so blindingly obvious to me. And we talked about it a year ago, we were right all this year with capacity coming in 7 points lower, and I feel even more confident that were right today. And the data Ill give you is snowstorm started -- pretty big sandstorm started in Denver yesterday afternoon and it continued through this morning, 11 inches of snow. So, thats a tough operating environment. There are 3 large airlines -- theres 3 airlines, so 2 in addition to United have big operations there. Yesterday in Denver and our mainline, we had a 100% completion factor, so no cancellation. [Technical Difficulty] canceled 12% of their flights, the other one canceled 27% of their flights. Starting off today, weve canceled a little less than 1%. Each of them have canceled 33% of their flights, like this isnt new. And theres like a dozen of the Wall Street analysts that breathlessly publish a weekly report on industry scheduled capacity. You guys are looking at the wrong data. If you want a forward indicator of whats going to happen with capacity, you should watch completion factor. One of you should start looking at completion factor because airlines that are running like that, it means they cant fly their schedule, and theyre going to have to adjust one way or another. Thats my thesis. Thats what happened last year, is what I think is going to happen next year. And all of the structural issues are multiyear -- I mean all of them are 3 years at best to address. And you put all of them together, this is a long-term structural issue. And I think, it challenges us too, but we just did more to invest for that future, saw coming earlier than others [Technical Difficulty] and are better prepared to deal with than everyone else. But it does challenge us too. But really like dont take my word for it, dont take the others word for it, just watch the data. Thats whats happening with completion factors, and thats going to tell you whether were right again this year or everyone else is right when they say theyre going to achieve the aspirations.
Ravi Shanker: Great. Thanks, Scott. I think, you can be a good sell-side analyst when you decide to do something else at some point in the future.
Scott Kirby: I cant [ph] do sell-side. You guys are way too negative. Im too optimistic to be sell-sider.
Ravi Shanker: Just maybe one follow-up. I think the point on corporates running out of budgets towards the end of last year was an interesting point. Do you guys have much data on kind of what 23 corporate budgets look like to avoid a similar situation this year? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: I dont. What Ill tell you is that the reset looks very good as we head into January, obviously. So, were really pleased with those numbers. October was a really good month for corporate and January is tracking at that or above that. And so, well see where we go from here. But, Ill tell you, this is an important number for United. We monitor it a lot and its moving in the right direction. And were highly confident, particularly for long-haul global that were going to get back to full strength, and thats an enormous tailwind, I think, for at least airlines that rely a lot on corporate travel.
Operator: Next from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just on the interrelation between fleet and CASM, if we just back up in time, you announced a big fleet order in June of 2021. I think thats when you unveiled United Next. And your target for this year was down 4% relative to 19 on CASM-ex. You updated those views. Obviously, we had less capacity, inflation, et cetera. So you went from down 4% to up 5%, another big fleet order in December and now the outlook is plus 15% versus 19 versus your initial down 4%. So, I guess, the question is, given the constraints that you articulated very well, why does this investment rate still make sense? If you cant grow at the rate that you hope to grow, why invest at a rate that assumes a much higher growth outlook at some point?
Scott Kirby: Well, to be clear, I think we can grow at United. I dont think the industry can grow for all the reasons that weve set. I think at United, we can grow. We are clearly able to hire pilots, pre-pandemic, like most of we ever hired theres about 900 in a year. We were right at 2,500 last year. Our team -- our flight training team has done an amazing job. There was a lot of work to do to get that training machine humming. It also helped that we had enough foresight to build 14 new simulators during the middle of the pandemic when everyone else was pulling back and shrinking. But thats part of the -- thats one of the probably the most complicated thing that airlines are struggling with, and we have that machine humming. Were here in Houston at the flight training center and we acquired 4,000 flight attendants this year. We opened a new flight training center, another investment we made last year. I mean, really, the point is we invested to be able to grow. And I think we can grow. We have the other benefit. Were taking 300-plus regional jets out of the system. So, that creates a natural slack in terms of departures. If you got FAA issues, air traffic control issues, if youre a single fleet type airline, you buy all A320 family or all 737s, like you dont have anything to take out to give you room. We do have 300 aircraft to take out. But really, the point is all the investments -- I mean, like one of the investments that I like that speaks to the foresight that we had coming into this was clubs, and we increased our club space by 48% during the pandemic, like thats always a challenge. Trying to close clubs when theyre full in a constrained airport environment, its always tough on customers, like the pandemic was once in history, not once in a generation, once in history, a chance to do that with minimal impact because we didnt have nearly as many customers flying in 2020 and 2021. And were the only ones that did it. And like theres just stuff like that everywhere that United did differently. So to be clear, while I dont think the industry can grow, I think we think United can. My guess is because of the [Technical Difficulty] our full target because those will be behind. Were going to be filing a lower utilization than we were before, and theres going to be less regional. So, we probably wont be all the way to our target. But I think we can uniquely grow and expand margins in this environment when everyone else cant, and its because of all the investments we made to set up for this.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks for that, Scott. And obviously, hindsight is 2020. Its been a unique set of circumstances. But I guess the question is, had you invested at a rate more aligned with your DNA where theres real free cash flow to point to here, how much higher with this CASM outcome have been? In other words, if were up mid-teens relative to 2019, could you have invested at a much more modest rate and gotten to the same outcome? And I appreciate your thoughts on it.
Scott Kirby: I think if we -- I mean, look, if wed invested -- if we had done the same thing everyone else did, wed have the same problems they have right now. Instead of canceling 1% of our flights today in Denver, we would be cancelling 33%. Thats higher cost. Our costs would be higher. This isnt just investment, like [Technical Difficulty]. Anyway, I think when you get to the end of the year, add dollars to donut, we have the lowest CASM, the best CASM performance. I recognize other people have better guidance and then maybe they will have better guidance. But I think in the real world, weve come to grips with what the real world means and how -- which you have to do to operate it. And you can see it in the data, you can see it in the operating stats, you can see it in the financial stats. And its a new world. You cant run the airline like you did in 2019. I remember -- I read all the transcripts. And I read one of the transcripts, and Jamie asked someone, I dont remember which airline it was, but asked someone when are we going to get back to pre-pandemic normal. And I dont remember who it was or even what they said because I immediately thought the answer to that question is never. And I dont think anyone else just figured that out yet. The answer to that question is never. It isnt a new environment, its a new industry. And that creates higher costs. It does, but its also creating higher revenues. And I think its going to lead to across the board higher margins, but particularly for United.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Vernon from Bernstein.
Dave Vernon: Hey. Andrew, I just wondered if you could sort of [Technical Difficulty] about whats embedded in the TRASM guide for being flat? I know you mentioned PRASM was up 2 to 3 cargo down. What are you expecting out of the card program and the other revenue line as we think about 22 to 23?
Andrew Nocella: Were still expecting really strong results, but its just -- its not keeping up with the ASM growth rates that negative headwind. But our card program is doing really well. The partnership with Chase is just top-notch, new members into the MileagePlus program, relative to where we were in 2019, I think, were up about 50% in the same time period in 2022. So, all of thats moving in the right direction. Its just not keeping up with ASM growth in 2023, which creates that inversion between PRASM and TRASM. And obviously, you understand the cargo part of that.
Dave Vernon: Okay. And then, maybe, Scott, just to ask the question, it just kind of came up as youre talking about the challenges around the industry having to reset its cost structure. Do you see any risk that as youre kind of looking out and building the revenue plan around your own cost structure, setting fares at a level where you can recover that cost pressure that the rest of the industry maybe doesnt get there. I guess, if the rest of the industry isnt quite recognizing what the cost pressure of operating in the new normal is going to be, do you think theyre going to be under pricing and potentially creating some problems for you to absorb some of the costs that youre building into the network? Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Well, if theyre right -- I dont think they are, but if theyre right and they can return to 2019 utilization and efficiency, then we can, too. That will be easy to just go back to flying. So, no. The short answer is no. Im not worried about it, because if they are right, it will be really easy for us to just fly the aircraft a little harder. And because were growing within a few months, just slow the hiring down and within a few months, youd be back. To be clear, I think thats extremely unlikely to happen. But we could adjust our cost structure down if it turned out that we were wrong, and thats the new normal pretty easily.
Operator: Next, we have Andrew Didora from Bank of America.
Andrew Didora: I just kind of want to go back to fuel for a second, just because it has dominated my conversation so far. I guess, when you think about it conceptually, looking at your 2023 guide, it seems like youre assuming fuel is going to $2.70 per gallon 2Q to 4Q. And Gerry, you said fuel is a pass-through. So I think thats down like at least 30% from current market. Just how do you underwrite that kind of 2% to 3% PRASM growth in 2023 if fuel is coming down?
Gerry Laderman: Let me start. Look, what Id tell you is that I do think fuel is a pass-through in both directions and that it is dynamic on when we pick the number and we -- we adjust the revenue forecast for it. But more importantly, where we are in terms of demand and supply and cost convergence, as Scott just spoke about in quite a bit of detail, has just given us, I think, significant ability to utilize our revenue management system to make sure that the price points are where we need them to be. And we did that all through last year. And in fact, we did that all throughout the entire pandemic, where we led the industry, I think, 11 out of 12 quarters. So, we feel really good about where our revenue performance is. We feel really good about where our bookings are. We feel really great about our Q1 guidance, and we feel really good about where the RM system is currently managing price points for Q2 and beyond. We definitely believe in the GDP relationship. It is converging, and its converging for all the reasons that Scott talked about earlier. So, we feel really bullish about the outlook and the ability to achieve the revenues that we need to achieve.
Andrew Didora: Got it. Understood. And then, Andrew, you gave some pretty robust booking figures for February into March and kind of your whole outlook. Any color that you can provide in terms of how youre thinking about 1Q by region, which regions might you see accelerating, which decelerating from here? Just kind of get a sense of how youre seeing the world right now? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Ill go to try. I will say that I started with earlier, the global long-haul environment where capacity ex United is negative and capacity with United is just slightly about at 2019 levels relative to where GDP is this year, provide just an enormous set up to hit a home run on TRASM on our global long-haul network. So, we couldnt be more bullish about that. And its simple, right? Supply is flat versus 19 and the propensity to travel along with the economy and GDP is dramatically higher. That sets up a very good opportunity for RM systems, and theyre actively working to do that. And bookings for spring and summer look really strong. So, to Europe, I just think its going to be another record RASM and margin year based on that setup, and it looks really good. Across the Pacific, the same exact capacity setup, by the way, where its slightly negative without United and about 100% with United relative to 2019 capacity and a very similar setup, but we also have the opening of China and all three markets, Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai, ultimately. And we think theres going to be a significant bounce back in demand like weve seen in Korea and Australia and other places in the region. The only I think thing were watching more carefully is Japan, where the numbers look really good, but its based on U.S. point of sale at this point and not Japanese point of sale. We expect the Japanese point of sale to kick in later this spring and summer. So, that one has been slower to rebound. But again, U.S. point of sale just had an enormous, I think, pent-up demand and is ready to fly and is doing -- so really covers the numbers. Once Japan comes back on line from a point-of-sale perspective, I think that further strengthens that as well. Latin America, near Latin America is the best Ive ever seen it from a TRASM, RASM type perspective at this point. And Deep South America is also very good, but its just not nearly as good as the amazing performance were seeing eclipse in Latin America. So the setup for our global network is, I think, unbelievably good. And its really a very simple math, and theres very little capacity growth out there and a lot of GDP. And if you look at our capacity guide, while we havent given you an international and domestic breakout, you can look at what were selling. And you can see how weve leaned into it for 2023 to make sure we maximize the profitability of the airline. And we think that weve done that very well. Domestically, I also want to say, Scott, talked about this cost convergence. We talked about the capacity constraints. What people think theyre going to fly in 2023 is not what will really be flown, that happened 2022. We think thats going to happen in 2023. And given where we think total revenue is and ASMs will be less than that. We think theres a chance for a positive TRASM domestically as well. And its a really good setup. So, across the globe, amazing setup; here at home also a very good setup for a positive outlook for the year.
Operator: Next is Helane Becker from Cowen.
Helane Becker: So, just one question here. When we look at air fares and we compare, say, premium economy to where business class was pre-pandemic, it seems like the price points moved to that level, right? So, you have some economy fare. Then, you have a premium fare in economy that seems to be equal to what business was, and you seem to have business that is significantly higher. So, A, is that observation correct; and B, whats your expected load factor in the front of the cabin?
Andrew Nocella: All right. Theres a lot of numbers you put out there, Helane. What Ill try to say is that paid first-class load factors, particularly here domestically are up a lot. Theyre up 6 points. And so, our RASM growth in the first-class cabin versus the main cabin domestically is 15 points higher. So, its doing incredibly well, which were excited to see, obviously, because of our move towards more dual-class aircraft and monetizing the premium cabins. On our global long-haul fleet, I think its a little bit different than maybe what you said. The public price points may be exactly what you said, I dont know. But the performance, I would say, is that Polaris is not back to where wed like it to be just yet. But the middle cabin, the Premium Plus cabin is and better and the coach cabin is and better. And so, the RASM performance onboard the aircraft is a little bit more tilted towards the back of the aircraft or the middle of the aircraft on the global long-haul fleet than it is the front. And why Im also particularly excited about this recovery in large corporate traffic is that is how we tend to fill the front of the aircraft. And so, the trends we see in January look just really good. And that also is a positive TRASM tailwind to the global network as we do a much better job of filling up Polaris with higher quality yield than we did in 2022. And Im confident when we end 2023, well be able to report that the Polaris paid load factors and paid yield are much closer to their 2019 baseline than they were in 2022.
Helane Becker: Okay. That makes perfect sense. And then just for my follow-up question. Im not sure whether you said that or Scott said this, but if 22 -- if nobody flew their capacity original plans in 22, which they didnt, and they dont in 23 and the infrastructure issues -- and I dont see the government rushing to invest in air traffic control. In fact, I see it getting worse. I dont see the FAA investing. As you think about this, doesnt 23 get worse than 22 and 24 get worse than 23? And doesnt that accelerate to the point where you cant -- the industry just have more because you run out of space?
Scott Kirby: Pretty close to yes is the answer. Were near the limit on capacity -- on flights in the system. There are places that are at the limits, and were near. And you can see it, like it works fine, and you can add more on good weather days when absolutely nothing goes wrong. Something goes wrong every week. I mean, theres weather, theres systems issues that happen at the FAA, they happen at individual airlines, theres pipelines that get cut for fuel at airports, theres vendors that fuel airplanes at airports that are short staffed or have higher sick calls, just the stuff that happens every day. And were near the capacity limit in terms of total number of flights.
Andrew Nocella: And Scott, we should add to that though, what you said earlier that were getting rid of a large number of regional jets. So, the departure activity that were planning from our 7 key hubs in 2023 is still materially behind where were in 2019 from a departure level. The ASMs are a whole another story as weve talked about because of what were doing with gauge. But weve created the room in our hubs to be able to execute our plan. We have sufficient runway and gate space to do so.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: I got one near term and then one bigger picture question. Just when I just look fourth quarter to first quarter, the RASM guide, the implied revenue guide just worse than normal seasonality. Just given everything you were saying about February, March bookings, just help square with the revenue and RASM guide, please?
Andrew Nocella: Yes. What I would say is that we definitely see a different set of numbers for like January 6th through February 15th than we do beyond that. And as I think about it, its our hypothesis that we do have a bit of a different type of seasonality post-pandemic than we did have pre-pandemic. So it just depends on the year -- the quarter-over-quarter year that youre looking at. But look, the trade-off would be every weekend is potentially a holiday, allowing us hopefully to be able to depeak the summer and run a more constant level of operation from mid-February all the way through October, thats really exciting and a lot more upside than maybe a few weeks in January that dont look as good as they used to be. So, I think the trade-off is fine. But our hypothesis at this point, it is a different type of seasonality related to a post-pandemic environment.
Jamie Baker: Okay. And then, Scott, so bigger picture, if youre not getting the unit cost leverage from capacity growth that maybe you thought you would have gotten a year ago, I guess, why grow so much and risk adding too much capacity to the market and risk pricing? And maybe just asked differently, if you didnt grow as much, do you think youd still hit the 9% margin, but at the same time, just generate better free cash flow?
Scott Kirby: Well, to be clear, were focused on margin, not CASM. Were focused on margin. And while we arent updating -- upgrading our margin guidance, were already way ahead of the Street. I think everything we had in our deck today and everything weve talked about today certainly creates a plausible case that margins are going to be higher for all the reasons weve talked about. If we were not growing, I think our margins would be lower. I mean, clearly, it would impact our CASM. But I think the capacity that were going to add would be soaked up by someone else. And I think that -- anyway, I think our margins would be meaningfully less if we werent doing what were doing. And so, were doing it because we think this is a -- look, I think this is a once in the history of the industry opportunity. This is an event thats never happened before. And I get that most of you on the sell side disagree. And I accept that you disagree and -- but I think the world has changed and the industry has changed. And by the way, we do have a lot of flexibility. And what I would say, you didnt ask this as a question what I would say is if were not -- if theres some reason that we -- doesnt look like were going to hit our targets, if were structurally missing our targets, if were underperforming the industry and missing our targets, we wont do all this growth. I mean, we have a ton of flexibility to move aircraft around. And we wont do it. So, it isnt just like [Technical Difficulty] damn the torpedoes. This is as long as its working, were going to keep moving. But I will tell you, every single data point increases my confidence at least its working. So look, we had with the highest pretax margins and fourth quarter of the big network carriers at least, we -- amazing enough, if you look at -- actually, we had the highest free cash flow in 2022 with the lowest net debt if you use traditional GAAP accounting with operating leases and include pensions. We had the lowest leverage ratio, like -- I mean, its working. If you look at our operating results, whats happening in Denver today, like its working. So, were not going to change course on something thats working. But if it stops working, then we absolutely have the flexibility to adjust.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] First up is Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: Just curious if youre benefiting at all from book away from Southwest after the holiday meltdown, and also if youre benefiting from pilot attrition coming from Southwest. And second question, do you see any impact from many travelers that are cashing in on their miles this year that they might have built up during the pandemic, and does that help or hurt you? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Ill give it a try, Leslie. Its Andrew. I think were benefiting from running a world-class great global airline. When we look at the data and particularly not over like one week, right, over one quarter, when we look at the data over the last year plus, our team has been just hitting a home run and the data shows it. So, I think were really proud of where were at. We intend to keep that online. We have the appropriate buffers to make sure we can continue to deliver for our customers going forward, and we shall. In terms of frequent flyer growth, what I was going to say is the program is incredibly healthy. The redemption rates are quite normal given where we are with inventory availability and our customers are using their miles to fly all over the world in the largest global network of any U.S. carrier.
Scott Kirby: And on the pilot front, what Id say is, its an amazing change. I tried to get out to the pilot training center and see new hire classes, and were hiring 200 a month, and Ive started asking where they come from and show of hands. It used to be like from any of the large airlines, ULCCs, LCCs, big airlines, hardly any because you had to give up seniority to come. We now have a high percentage of people in those classes that are coming from all airlines. And I think the reason is because United has -- if youre a pilot -- well, if youre any one and you aspire to a career in aviation, United is a place to go. Were well on our way in to be the biggest, but also the best Andrew talked about the brand, the reputation that matters a lot to people. Our pay rates are going to always be -- vary depending on the timing of contracts, but always basically going to be at the top of the industry. If youre a pilot, United has the most growth opportunities and most opportunities, the fastest path to captain. The most widebodies of any airline by far in the country, like were the place to go. And people are actually giving up their seniority at all of our competitors for the opportunity to come and have a future at United thats a testament to what all the people of United have accomplished and how bright we feel like the future looks.
Operator: Next is Alison Sider from The Wall Street Journal.
Alison Sider: Just wanted to ask about the FAA outage last week. And I dont know how youre thinking about that. Is there a concern that there are other sort of -- of these systems that are vulnerable or that you think of as single points of failure and how youre thinking about it? And what kind of conversations youve had with the FAA since?
Scott Kirby: So, I think this ought to be a wake-up call to -- for all of us in aviation -- something many of us in Aviation have been saying for a long time that the FAA needs more resources. By the way, I think they do an amazing job. During the Christmas struggles with the weather, a bunch of great things that they did. But 2, in particular, the water main break that flooded the tower in Newark and the same thing happened at one of the towers in Chicago, and they really quickly moved into backup facilities and kept the operation running. I mean, just a lot of people jump through a lot of hoops and deserve a lot of credit for that. But the hard facts are the FAAs budget in real terms, its lower than it was 20 years ago. But the amount of work that theyve been asking to is significantly higher. Huge resources devoted to space launches, drones, thousands of people were working on aircraft certification programs in the aftermath of the MAX disaster. And so, theyve had to rob Peter to pay Paul. And theyve done -- asked to do more, and theyre doing it less money. Theres fewer controllers than there were 30 years ago. And its people, its technology. And look, here in the United States, we should have a world-class best aviation system in the world. And were putting at risk if we dont invest in it. And this is infrastructure. It was great that we passed a bipartisan infrastructure bill. This ought to be bipartisan as well, by the way that we passed the bipartisan infrastructure bill. But this isnt concrete, but modern systems, modern technology and the right number of people for the FAA is an infrastructure investment that will pay dividends many times over for the country. And so, I hope that what this is, is an opportunity for us to look at this just like we looked at the country at the infrastructure bill in a bipartisan way, get the agency, the resources that they need because we have asked them to do more, and well all be better off.
Alison Sider: And then, if I could ask one more just on restoring flights to China. Are there like approvals either in China or the U.S. at the government level or like diplomatic things that need to happen in order to ramp that flying back up?
Andrew Nocella: There are. At this point, United Airlines holds the rights to fly 4 flights per week to China. We intend to convert our current one-stop service to nonstop sometime in the next few weeks, hopefully. But we do not hold rights at this point to increase our service any further. And I believe that is an industry-wide type of situation. So, at this point, theres no green light to go beyond what were currently flying.
Operator: Next is David Schaper from NPR.
David Schaper: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I appreciate you guys doing this, this morning. A couple of questions I had have been asked and answered. So Im going to kind of shift gears into something that might be coming out of left field. But the Biden administration announced last week a plan to get the transportation sector down to net zero emissions by the year 2050. I know the aviation industry has that goal as well. But how realistic is that really? And what is the cost to an airline like United to try to shift to sustainable aviation fuels to possible hydrogen-powered engines, that sort of thing?
Scott Kirby: Well, I havent seen the details of their plan. But, I think as a global citizen, its probably the most important thing that our generation needs to accomplish. Im proud at United that we are not -- we are the leading airline around the globe on real sustainability initiatives, and we are one of the leading corporations. We are focused at United, but I think its the right focus for aviation on a number of fronts. One, unsustainable aviation fuels, -- by the way, the build back -- the inflation Reduction Act has a number of provisions -- regardless of what you think about everything else in the act, the sustainability provisions are meaningful, not just for our industry, but for everyone. And I think our transformative legislation makes it viable to start making investments in hydrogen and SAF. And weve been the leader and weve got even more coming, but a lot of projects that were going to be hard to do all of a sudden start to pencil out, at least potentially pencil out. And so I think its driving -- it is driving a lot of investment, and you can expect more from us on that. A lot of excitement in electric aircraft, what were working on there. And while I cant replace everything because its never going to be big airplanes flying long distance, it will be a part of the solution. And then finally, carbon sequestration, Im a climate change geek and have been for 30 years. And I used to have conversations like this. It wasnt too long ago, even just a couple of years ago, and I would have to explain what the word sequestration meant. Its real progress actually that people know what it is now and theres more investment. Were here in Houston. Occidental is our partner in a sequestration project. Theyre a leader on that -- in that front. But a lot of others are moving into sequestration and the 45Q changes that happened in the Inflation Reduction Act are also really consequential for carbon sequestration. So Im more encouraged today, I think, than Ive ever been at the possibilities, but its a lot of hard work ahead, and it doesnt happen overnight. I mean theyre not a magic silver bullet. But Im also proud that United is leading, and we partner with everyone that would include the DOT, anyone thats interested in doing the right thing and solving this in a real way, were happy to be partnered with.
David Schaper: Just a quick follow-up. What is the cost of all this, especially if governments, not just the United States but governments globally start imposing mandates to ship to alternative fuels that they cost a lot more to develop and use?
Scott Kirby: Well, I think what we need to do is drive the cost down. And so the -- for SAF, for example, what I like to think about is wind and solar energy, which because Ive been a climate change geek for 30 years, I followed it, but it was 20 years ago, certainly 30 years ago. 20 years ago, everyone, everything you read or talked about wind and solar was it could never compete with fossil fuels, it could never be economic. Well, guess what? We passed legislation that had credits -- a carrot instead of just a stick, carrot. That carrot drove massive investment in R&D, drove economies of scale. And today, its cheaper to produce a megawatt of electricity from wind and solar than it is from fossil fuels. And the same thing can and I believe will happen with SAF. It is more expensive today, but we are in the very early phase of the development curve. And thats whats great about the Inflation Reduction Act is it creates those same kind of financial incentives that existed for wind and solar. And that is -- we know it because were involved with the companies. Its driving investment into the space. And thats what is needed right now at this phase, and that investment is going to lead to breakthrough is going to lead to economies of scale. And I think the costs are going to come down.
Operator: Our last question is from Bill Murphy from Inc.com.
Bill Murphy: I have two quick questions. The first, I believe if I understood, Scott, previously, you mentioned an unprecedented number of new pilots actually coming to United from other airlines. And I understand, of course, hiring especially, but not limited to pilots as a big industry constraint, a big effort, so. But Im wondering, can you say anything more about that? Is this an effort specifically involved here now to recruit away from competitors in a way that you havent in the past? And if so, how do you go about doing that practically from -- besides simply positioning the airline is a good place to work? And I would have a follow-up.
Scott Kirby: Its really the latter. Its not a targeted airline to go after them, but people pay attention and United is the best place to work. And if youre a pilot and want to work at the best place, a lot of them are just putting their applications in. We dont need to do anything more than be the biggest and the best airline in the history of aviation, and thats enough of a sell point.
Bill Murphy: Okay. So, no specific numbers to report on that you -- an uptick on that.
Scott Kirby: Well, I dontknow what the numbers are Im -- by anecdote I asked people. And I would guess that 30% of the people in those classes come from one of the large airlines. Thats just my eyeballing it in the room. But somebody at United probably knows the numbers, but I dont know the specific numbers. Im just proud of everything that team is doing.
Bill Murphy: And if I can just -- my other follow-up here. In previous calls and interviews, youve talked about kind of changing customer demographics, including things like the rise of work from anywhere of leisure passengers. Im just wondering, if you have anything more to add to that now in terms of how you see that changing structurally in the post-pandemic world.
Scott Kirby: Its a really interesting trend and we saw it again over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. For example, for Thanksgiving, we saw a lot of people leave dramatically earlier for their vacation than they would normally do. And this year, Saturday, because if you left early, Saturday was actually one of our biggest return days, didnt display Sunday, which is obviously always the biggest, so completely different pattern. And we saw that throughout the entire second half of last year. And its really exciting for our business because it allows us to DP things ultimately, run the airline differently and more efficiently. And remote work, while Im sure will evolve and adjust over time, which is driving this, remote work does seem like a permanent feature in our workplace here in the country. And so were optimistic that this continues to be the trend based on everything weve seen. And it really is just -- its a different type of demand. Its a different industry, and I think were well prepared for it. And its very exciting from a capacity and revenue management and customer point of view across the board.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Candice, and thanks for everyone joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2022. My name is Candice, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Kristina and good morning. Its great having everyone on the call today. I want to start by congratulating and thanking everyone at United for your hard work, dedication and perseverance throughout the last two and a half years. Our people stayed focused on our unique long-term strategy, and were now beginning to see the strong and differentiated results. Our operation is firing on all cylinders. In fact, based on most metrics its running better than ever. That isnt just better for customers. It also reduces costs and leads to strong financial performance that creates the foundation for United and that really positions United to be the worlds best airline. We recognize that the near-term geopolitical and macroeconomic growth and overall pessimism facing the global economy, including airlines are unusually high right now. However, there are three industry tailwinds prevailing the COVID recovery for aviation and United that are currently overcoming those macro headwinds and we believe will continue to do so in 2023. In increasing order of importance: First, aviation uniquely is still in the COVID recovery phase. Take one example, Japan just opened last week. And regardless of whether you think demand for business travel will ultimately turn to 100% or something less, it almost certainly is going higher from here. Second, there has been a permanent structural change in leisure demand, because of the flexibility that hybrid work allows. With hybrid work, every weekend could be a holiday weekend. Thats why September, a normally off-peak month was a third strongest month in our history. People want to travel and have experiences, and hybrid work environment untethered them from the office and gave them the new found flexibility to travel far more often than before. Ill bet many of you listening today have taken an extra trip or two this year because you can work remotely for a couple of those days. This is not pent-up demand. Its the new normal. And third, the strong demand environment is happening against the supply backdrop that currently has the industry 10% to 15% smaller relative GDP than it was in 2019 and the multiple constraints. Pilot shortages, aircraft delivery shortages from both Boeing and Airbus, air traffic control saturation and airport infrastructure constraints around the world are all real and they are constraints that will take years to fully resolve. These three trends are why all airline revenues keep surprising to the upside, but they are also real and durable, which is why we are so optimistic about 2023 and the longer term, despite the economic challenges. And for what its worth, you need to believe all three of those trends were estimates to go up, probably any one of them would do, though I happen to be confident that all three are already happening and are sustainable. And in that strong industry environment, United is uniquely positioned to benefit for the long term. United really did chart a different path due to pandemic than any other airline. Differentiated fleet and growth decisions, increased exposure to growing international markets, real technology changes to change the customer experience and run the airline more efficiently, long-term investments in the infrastructure needed for growth such as newer gates, or building 14 additional simulator bays during the pandemic, founding our own pilot training academy and a cultural transformation to be fast, creative, innovative and customer focused. It is just one quarter and we know we have a lot to prove. And our third quarter margin results and fourth quarter guidance with operating margins above 2019 are early indicators of both the absolute and relative potential of the new United Airlines. I am very proud of the United team for executing incredibly well and Im confident that, we are well positioned for success next year and the years to go after that. With that, Ill hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I also want to start by recognizing the entire United family for their hard work in the quarter. Our team never fails to pull together and we couldnt be more proud. During the quarter, our operational performance set records. Our on-time arrival and misconnection rates were the best for third quarter in company history, when excluding the low flying quarters during the pandemic. We saved over 1,500 daily connections on average with our ConnectionSaver tool. This means over 137,000 additional customers got to their destinations on time. ConnectionSaver is a unique innovation and customer benefit for United. In addition, our team did a fantastic job helping our customers and their bags get to their destination as seamlessly as possible. In fact, our mishandled bag ratio in September was better than 2019 levels. Our daily controllable cancels, which are driven by maintenance or crew challenges, dropped over 95% September versus what they were in January. With a reduction in these cancels alone, we were able to add 1% of incremental capacity to the third quarter. This provides a better experience for our customers, but also leads to much more cost-efficient flying. We look forward to continuing these trends into the final part of the year. Putting that all together, and despite all the challenges around the industry, this was the best third quarter operationally for a full schedule in Uniteds post-merger history. Huge kudos to the team. One of the most significant changes for United operationally and for cost has been the return of the Pratt & Whitney Boeing 777s. With their grounding, weve had to make suboptimal operation with schedule change adjustments that have led to a more complex operation. And the work required to return these aircraft to service, created a heavy burden on our tech-ops organization. For the first part of this year, we had over 500 of our technicians dedicated to this fleet in Victorville, California, with over 175,000 hours of work spent to get these aircraft back into service. This drove inefficiencies in our technician staffing with negative cost and operational impacts. Great news is that this work is behind us and these technicians have returned to their bases, which has led to the improvement in our performance metrics. With these aircraft fully back in service, our fleet can be more efficiently positioned for both, our operation and our customers. Id like to thank the entire tech-ops organization for their significant effort in returning these aircraft to service. Were proud that a career at United remains in high demand. This year, were on track to hire 7,000 airport personnel, 4,000 flight attendants, 2,300 pilots and 2,000 technicians. Momentum is high. For example, a recent announcement for flight attendant openings received over 5,600 applications in just 48 hours. Ultimately, we expect to welcome 15,000 new team members this year and another 15,000 next year to support our United Next plan. And with that, Ill hand it off to Andrew to talk about the revenue environment in more detail.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. TRASM for the third quarter finished up 25.5% versus the same period in 2019 on about 10% less capacity. September was our third best TRASM month in our history, excluding the low flying pandemic months. We saw a number of record revenue days that were more typical of a peak summer period than off peak. In many ways, September, where we operated with an 86% passenger load factor, 5 points better than September of 19, was indicative of what we believe to be the new normal where hybrid work gives customers the flexibility to turn any weekend into a short trip. And we believe because of that, the off-peak periods are now stronger. All parts of the network performed well in the quarter. First, across the Atlantic, United increased capacity by 22% versus the third quarter of 2019, adding 10 new cities and 18 new routes. We also pushed into new regions, becoming a relevant competitor to Africa for the first time. New nonstop service between Washington and Cape Town in fact will begin later this year thats subject to government approval. Atlantic PRASM increased 21% versus the third quarter of 19, which we consider outstanding. United is now the largest airline across the Atlantic, where our strategic partnership with Lufthansa and Air Canada is working better than ever. Last week, we announced yet another Atlantic expansion plan for 2023 of nine new routes. A few weeks ago, we announced a new partnership with Emirates. This partnership will allow United to resume service to Dubai, the largest and best hub in the Middle East after a seven-year absence. Dubai is unique as a hub in the region, as it has both significant local markets and a large amount of premium demand, but also massive connectivity. While our Pacific flying is our least recovered so far from the pandemic, we continue to expand capacity as economies open. Overall capacity in the region was down 59% versus 2019, and Pacific PRASM increased 41% versus 2019, and we continue to experience much stronger cargo yields. Well be focused on resuming the bulk of our Pacific capacity, excluding China in the next year, now that Japan is fully open for business. We continue to build our partnership with Virgin Australia. Well begin new non-stop service to Brisbane from San Francisco in a few weeks. Were the only airline that maintained continued service to Australia from the U.S. during the pandemic. And now United expects to be the largest airline operating to and from Australia this winter for the first time ever. Latin American PRASM was up 20% on 4% more capacity than 2019. Domestic PRASM was up to 20.4% on 10.5% less capacity versus 19. Our domestic gauge versus 19 also increased 11% as we continue to replace regional jet flying with mainline jets. Gauge increases are being absorbed well without much of a negative impact on PRASM. Cargo volumes were strong even as we faced much more competitive capacity. Yields in the quarter did continue to fall, consistent with our expectations relative to pandemic highs and were 90% greater than 2019. The corporate business travel recovery in the quarter was about 80% of volume of 19 and stable over the quarter. While larger corporations clearly lagged the recovery rate, we believe new network patterns and hybrid work environments are having, positive and offsetting impacts on revenue. Its also worth noting that business traffic for long haul segments across the Atlantic have recovered at a faster pace than domestic. Its our observation that a Zoom meeting is simply less practical in a global setting. We remain optimistic that business traffic will continue to get better from this point forward. Our traditional view on business traffic recovery rates relative to 2019 may now be obsolete measurement, given the changes in how customers now travel in a remote work environment or business and leisure trips often are combined. New revenue segmentation efforts versus 19 have been increasingly successful. Premium Plus, our new mid-tier global long haul product is now 7% of our long haul capacity, producing yields that are twice that of the main cabin. Our efforts to better market and sell main cabin seats have also produced strong results with seat revenue per passenger up 21% from 2019. September was a strong revenue month, and we are entering the fourth quarter with a lot of momentum, and October is on track to date to quickly replace September as our third best TRASM month ever, excluding the low flying pandemic funds. In fact, we currently anticipate a similar TRASM increase in the fourth quarter as we saw in the third of between 24% and 25% on between 9% and 10% less capacity. While I recognize recent headlines would otherwise indicate our revenue performance should be faltering, I hope this strong revenue outlook puts those thoughts to rest. I wanted to briefly address some of the recent changes on RJ operating costs. We expect that these recent cost changes to alter the balance of pilots, choosing a career at United Express versus a ULCC, with competitive pay United Express versus ULCC for the first time, well be better able to staff our United Express operation, albeit at higher costs. United Express pilots who joined our Aviate program can transition to a United mainline [ph] job in four years, making it for the best short-term and long-term career option. We do expect that given the overall pilot shortage today, at non-legacy carriers, it may take a while and probably until 2026 to fully utilize in our 300 to 400 RJs wed like to operate by our Express partners. Finally, a quick update on our MileagePlus program. I have to say every key indicator we measure is positive. Weve seen a record number of memberships to date with more enrollments so far this year than all of 2021. Mileage redemptions this quarter were the highest for any third quarter in our history and new co-brand accounts were up over 25% year-over-year, and we saw the highest quarter of spend in the history of the program in the third quarter. Momentum is strong, and we expect 2023 to set new records as we continue to grow the program. I wanted to say thanks to the entire United team. And with that, I will hand it over to Gerry.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and a big thank you to the whole United team for achieving another quarter of profitability. As Brett mentioned, our recent operational performance has been record-setting, and we believe the worst of the operational-driven cost pressures weve talked about on previous calls are now behind us. Importantly, weve completed all remedial work on our 52 Pratt powered 777s and the vast majority are back in service with the last few expected to be on line by next month. On previous calls, we have noted the significant CASM-ex headwind driven by the grounded 777s, but it was more than just the capacity implications. We believe -- as we piece together a schedule with a suboptimal mix of aircraft, we also incurred a variety of direct and indirect costs in many of our operating groups as we waited for the return to service of a significant portion of our wide-body fleet. To put in context how impactful it is to have these aircraft flying again, our fleet was able to produce over 20% more ASMs for mainline aircraft per day in the third quarter compared to the first quarter. This provides a meaningful improvement in our utilization, which is one of the primary drivers of improved unit costs. Looking at the numbers for the third quarter. We reported pretax income of $1.1 billion on an adjusted basis and an operating margin of 11.5%, also on an adjusted basis. This was 1 point better than our most recent guidance, driven by a combination of stronger revenue and better costs. Our third quarter CASM-ex was up 14.5% versus the third quarter of 2019. This is a 1.5 points better than earlier expectations. The outperformance was driven in large part by our improved operational performance. A reliable operation is an efficient operation and a key to our strong unit cost performance today and for the future. As an example of how our strong operation benefits our costs, in September, we saw a 27% reduction in the premiums and overtime paid as compared to an average month in the first half of the year. That equates to a $35 million improvement in September alone. This reduction in premium pay is expected to reduce fourth quarter CASM-ex by more than 1 point compared to the first quarter of this year. As we look into the future, retaining top-tier operational performance will continue to be a key element to our execution on costs. Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter 2022 CASM-ex to be up between 11% and 12% with capacity down 9% to 10% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. As Andrew mentioned, we expect the revenue environment to remain strong throughout the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect our fourth quarter 2022 adjusted operating margin to be about 10%, exceeding the fourth quarter of 2019 and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a metric we are happy to talk about again of $2 to $2.25. In the third quarter, we took delivery of 11 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft and 1 Boeing 787 aircraft. In the fourth quarter, we expect to take delivery of 20 MAXs and 4 787s. Assuming these aircraft are delivered, for the full year 2022, we now expect total adjusted capital expenditures to be $4.7 billion. Our most recent capacity guidance for next year assumes 179 aircraft deliveries from now through the end of 2023. Theres certainly downside risk to that assumption but under almost any circumstance next year, we expect to take delivery of more aircraft in one year than any other airline in history. We continue to work closely with Boeing and Airbus regarding our deliveries and we plan to provide you an updated outlook for 2023 in January. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with over $20 billion of liquidity, including our undrawn revolver, which allows us to maintain flexibility as we meet the uncertainties that remain in our industry. We used some of our cash to purchase all of our aircraft delivered to date this year, and we expect to use cash, about half of the remaining deliveries in the fourth quarter. And remember that every aircraft purchased for cash today increases our pool of unencumbered assets, which further protects our future. In addition to aircraft purchases beginning in 2023, we will have the opportunity to prepay a portion of our debt at par. In the current rate environment, it is a tremendous benefit to have the flexibility to prepay debt, continue to pay cash for new aircraft or access the financing markets opportunistically for new aircraft deliveries. And at all times, we remain committed to restoring our balance sheet and working towards our long-term leverage targets. I again want to thank the whole United team for all we accomplished this quarter. We are executing our plan and making good progress towards our United Next goal. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina for the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analysts committee. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Candice, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg: Yes. Hey. Great numbers. Good morning, everyone. Im just -- one quick one here. Brett, you brought up 137,000 of saved connections during the quarter. I think you said 1,500 a day. Can you just give us a sense of what that translates into savings from a reaccommodation cost perspective? I mean, are we talking about tens of millions of dollars here? Just trying to get a sense of this new technology and how its helping improve your product. Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: Mike, you have to look, its a number of things. Yes, the savings is in the millions. But more importantly, it dramatically improves customer satisfaction. People are comfortable now flying United because they know were looking after them.
Brett Hart: Yes. For us, its much more about NPS and the overall experience.
Michael Linenberg: Great. And then...
Gerry Laderman: Are you there, Mike? We lost you.
Operator: Please go ahead. Mr. Linenberg, please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Sorry. I was muted. Im back on. Just a quick one on capacity, maybe preliminarily for next year, Andrew. I know, Gerry, you said that January, were going to get an update on kind of how youre thinking about 2023. But Andrew, the comment that you made that next year, it looks like youre preparing for all of Asia Pacific to recover or be back in the plan with the exception of China. I think your prior number was that you grow no more than 8%. Has that number now been adjusted down by a couple of hundred basis points? Any sort of initial view on 2023 capacity? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Gerry wont let me tell you, so Ill have to wait now. Well let you know that in due course, Mike, probably in January. What Ill say about Asia Pacific, just to give you some color on that is, excluding China, in December this year, our schedule as published is 89% recovered. So, we are already well on our way to flying the full trans-Pac schedule, excluding China at this point as we enter into next year, early in the year.
Gerry Laderman: Hey. Mike, the only thing I would add is that if youre looking at the most optimistic side of what weve said in the past, I would say theres a downward bias to that. If nothing else, I mentioned 179 aircraft scheduled for delivery through the end of next year. Ill take the under on that number.
Operator: Our next question is from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: So, if we were to cast our minds back 12 months, I think you and the rest of the industry were sort of struggling with an environment where you were seeing very peaky peaks and very troughy troughs. And I think in your commentary, you sort of indicated that whats happening right now is the exact opposite where even the shoulder seasons are actually kind of picking up and kind of running it similar to almost peak like levels. And you also spoke about like a permanent structural change in the leisure and corporate traveler. What does all of this mean for the way United is going to like build your network and your fleet over the next 3 to 5 years? Do you need to make any structural changes to adapt to this new normal, or do you think that you can make it work with the current system?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think this new normal really allows us to become more and more efficient. For example, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are not as much of a trough as used to be in a traditional week. For holiday traffic, holiday traffic is now spread out more. So, it doesnt necessarily peak as much on one or two days. It actually spread out across a few days. And we see that time and time and again. And we also see like secondary holidays are incredibly strong, not just the primary holidays. And ultimately, what this could mean is that we operate a less peak schedule and a less peak schedule, we think comes with really enormous efficiency gains and that the marginal cost of an ASM in February is very different than that in July. So, a lot more to come on that subject, but I think a really interesting opportunity for United as it transitions from a very peaky schedule to something thats less peaked.
Ravi Shanker: Great. And just a quick follow-up. You said a couple of weeks ago that you expect 2023 transatlantic to be 10% above 2022. If you can just kind of unpack that a little bit more, kind of are you seeing signs in the data that gives that confidence, or kind of just -- what gives you confidence in like a nine-month outlook given the current macro? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: I dont think I gave that number. Somebody else may have. But look, we announced a number of new routes, I think just last week, across the Atlantic. Our partnerships are doing really well. Quite frankly, where the dollar stands is incredibly useful from a U.S. origin point of view for transatlantic travel. And this season was incredible based on the numbers weve seen. This fall is also incredible based on everything were seeing. So just -- its full speed ahead across the Atlantic. And we are very bullish on the outlook, not only there, but across our entire global network. Theres just a lot of good indicators across the entire network. Once economy is open, traffic rebounds very quickly, and we expect to see that in Japan over the coming months.
Operator: Next, we have Helane Becker from Cowen.
Helane Becker: Can I just ask a question about the routes that were added this past summer on the North Atlantic? A lot of them were leisure focused. And I just wondered how they compared versus your expectations and whether all those routes are coming back next summer or if some of them were below expectations, the new routes that you announced last week, are they kind of replacing them?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We announced a number of new routes for this past summer and all of them but one will be coming back for next summer. So I think that just tells you we had a pretty good success rate going across the Atlantic. And so again, were bullish across the Atlantic and all but one will be coming back for next season.
Helane Becker: And then, are they -- just a follow up on that. Are they -- can you talk about relative to system average? Are they better or worse than system average?
Andrew Nocella: I wont give you all the details, Helane, because I dont want all my secrets out. But I will say that one or two of those routes we added were our best routes across the Atlantic.
Operator: Next, we have Steve Trent from Citigroup.
Steve Trent: Just one for me. I was curious how youre thinking about the Star Alliance going forward. I mean, not to say that you guys are leaving Star or anything like that, but it was intriguing to see your new alliances with Emirates and Virgin Australia, and one of your South American partners seems to be getting involved with Abra. So just sort of on a high level, Id just love to hear your thoughts about how you think about these alliances outside of your sort of traditional networks. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Ill give it a try. First of all, our alliances, particularly going across the Atlantic with Lufthansa and Air Canada is, first and foremost, that is gigantic. Its the number one alliance across the Atlantic. And we have the best partners and the best hubs supply to in Europe. And that is and will continue to be our primary focus. So, I just want to be clear on that. And of course, across specific with ANA, down to the South Pacific with Air New Zealand, these are all things we focus on every day here and are key to our global network. That being said, the Middle East was, the way we use the term, a white spot for United. Our global gateway supports all kinds of markets across the globe. And when we looked at the opportunity to do a partnership with Emirates, it did fill in this white spot and allowed us to access a lot of destinations that we could not otherwise access with our existing partnerships. And so, that motivated that. And the same is true in Australia, where Virgin Australia has a fantastic franchise. Were so excited to partner with them. We were already the largest airline to Australia. And now, I hope to be not only the largest airline to Australia, but the most profitable airline to Australia. And I think that comes with the strong network we have and great partnerships across the board, definitely Virgin Australia. So, well continue to look for opportunities that dont interfere with our core strategic immunized alliances. And thats what these two things in my mind represented. Quite frankly, at this point, Uniteds global network is pretty comprehensive. Im not sure theres many more of those out there in the world, but well keep looking.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker: So, Gerry, the sequential drawdown in the air traffic liability was larger than I would have expected. Im just trying to square that with the strength in bookings. So, how do I reconcile these two metrics?
Gerry Laderman: I dont -- it wasnt that unusual. It was just seasonal, as we get back to the sort of the normal booking trends that we see over time. So I dont see anything unusual there.
Jamie Baker: Okay. It was just the sheer dollar magnitude that surprised me. But youre right, if I look at it as a percentage of trailing revenue, I suppose its not that unique. Second question. So, Scott, theres an airline business model that I would describe as predicated on an abundance of cheap capital and abundance of aircraft and abundance of pilots, and the pilot wage arbitrage and seating density. So, how should we think about that business model in an environment where none of that, say, for density seems to exist any longer?
Scott Kirby: Everybody in the room is worried about what Im going to say. Im more -- going to be restrained on this call. We feel like obviously super optimistic about where United is headed, but recognize that the market isnt there with this quite yet, and that was going to be restrained. But thats restraining. Look, I think theres a huge change thats happened thats not appreciated yet. I will perhaps be even more pejorative, I describe that business model as a Ponzi scheme, because it is predicated on growing 15% to 20% a year. The only way you keep your costs low is 15% to 20% of your growth, and that is now going to be a positive. I mean, look -- others are going to get on conference calls next week and say this is a temporary issue. There is a real pilot shortage that is real. Its going to take years to resolve. Its not the only one by the way. Boeing and Airbus are probably two to three years away from getting back to producing airplanes at the same rate. The air traffic control system, they do a great job at the FAA of trying to manage the system. But we have fewer controllers in the United States than we had 30 years ago, we have tripled the operations, but that works. Sort of okay in September, it does not work in July. And its not their fault. They do incredible work. In the FAA to put their fingers in the dike and try to do their best to manage day-to-day, but theyve been pulled in so many directions, theyve had to do drone and space launches and so many more people working on certification and aircraft issues without their budget going up. And until Congress authorizes more controllers, that is going to be a hard constraint on the operations of all airlines during the summer. And so, theres just no airline, including us, thats going to be able to grow at 15% to 20% a year anymore. And I think thats a real advantage for us at United. It is a real challenge for those business models. The whole business model is predicated on three things: One, growing 15% to 20% a year; two, jamming people in like sardines; and three, its not nickel and dime them, $50 and $100 in them to death with add-on fees as they dont know until they show up at the airport. And I think thats a doomed business model.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Im wondering what the better Q3, Q4 CASM means for next year. At this point, do you see more upside or downside risk to the plus 5% guidance on CASM for next year?
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Scott. So, well provide, obviously, more color in January. But what I can tell you right now, as I think I said in my prepared remarks, these numbers just increase the confidence we have in hitting our numbers for next year. So, I think thats the way to look at it. And the fact that we are confident in our ability to hit our pretax margin target, I think, says a lot.
Scott Group: Okay. And then, just on this idea of like the new normal. So, if youre right that theres more leisure demand and better off-peak performance, but perhaps maybe theres less business travel. So, whats the net impact of more leisure, maybe less corporate, less peaky schedules? Whats the net impact of all this on long-term margin?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think so far, and you can see by our results over the last 90 days and our outlook for the next 90 days, we think its a pretty good trend. So obviously, I would say that its positive for margin. Theres still a lot more to come. And I have to say that business traffic will continue to get better from this point. So, Im optimistic that all of those like headwinds that United Airlines faced in the pandemic are still in the transition period to tailwinds, and particularly the coastal gateway impact. I think we still have a long way to go, particularly on domestic traffic from our coastal gateway. So I think theres a lot more upside.
Operator: Our next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Why dont we start right there? On corporate recovery, can you offer some thoughts on recovery by market or hub in the U.S.? How would you mark to market or speak to the momentum of the recovery in, say, a New York versus Chicago versus San Francisco? And Andrew or Scott, Id just be really curious, as you look into the future, I would really appreciate your thoughts on kind of the Bay Area and how travel patterns may have changed there and kind of the upside you see into next year.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. Ill try with a little bit of color here, if Scott wants to add in. I will say we track this by hub. We track this by industry vertical. And the ones that are the biggest to United Airlines are, in fact, the ones that trail the most. So, tech trails the most and professional services trail the most. And yes, our results, I think, are leading the industry. So, I think, weve quickly and affirmatively adapted to this new environment. That being said, I still think those are going to recover. And in particular, Im convinced theyre going to recover on global long haul at a faster pace than the recovery on global -- on short haul -- domestic. And I will say even in the last few weeks, while it hasnt been a radical change, there is a positive flow to the recovery rate that was, I think, really nice to see. So from that perspective, I will say that business traffic in these key coastal gateways in New York and San Francisco still trail that of the interior hubs on average. And thats why, as we go forward, as those tailwinds get stronger -- and we do believe well get stronger, I think that uniquely benefits United given where we are -- given what were doing fine today with these new dynamics, I think well just do better in the future.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I appreciate those thoughts. And maybe a follow-up for Gerry on the 179 aircraft you plan to take between now and the end of 2023. How much of that financing is in place? How much do you still have to do? And how has your expectation for cost of capital changed? I mean, Gerry, youve seen a lot of these cycles. So, we havent seen rate momentum like this. How are you thinking about sort of supporting that aircraft book over the balance of the next couple of years? Thanks for taking the questions.
Gerry Laderman: So, a good question, Duane. So, its too early to tell you our entire plan for the mix of financing or paying for cash for next years aircraft. So, more to come on that. Well remain, as I said, opportunistic. Yes, theres no question were in a higher interest rate environment. But keep in mind, the financing portion of ownership cost for a new aircraft is such a small fraction of the overall cost of that aircraft, and the benefit so overwhelms that, even in the current interest rate environment, it really doesnt have a dramatic impact on us. Sure, I love doing EETCs [ph] at 3% but EETC is at 6% or a little bit higher, thats what we used to do 7, 8 years ago. So, theres nothing new here.
Operator: Our next question is from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Just on the business travel recovery, you talked a little bit about it. What is actually -- what is your assumption for business travel in the fourth quarter thats underpinning your revenue guidance? And then, can you just speak to just -- the international volume side, that sounds great, but I think theres still some work to do on the yield side. And I guess, thats a pretty good tailwind into 23. So, just any high-level thoughts there would be helpful.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. We -- when we did the forecast, its pretty much flat. So, were not expecting a significant recovery on the traditional way we measured it. Im not sure thats the right way to measure it anymore, to be clear. So, well be agile on that as we go forward from this at this point.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then just piggybacking...
Andrew Nocella: Yes, I didnt finish your question. On cabin, I think your perspective is somewhat correct there. Weve seen incredible strength in the new Premium Plus cabin and in the coach cabin. Weve also seen really good strength in the Polaris cabin but not as good, I have to say, as the back of the airplane. And so as that business continues to come back, we will hopefully likely see, I think, further strength in the front section of the aircraft. Again, the numbers are pretty downright strong from a load factor point of view. But the more leisure-oriented nature of some of the Polaris traffic today does fly at a lower yield than has traditionally been in that cabin. So, as that returns to normal, however fast or slow that occurs, that will continue to provide, I think, more of a tailwind going forward.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then, just to piggyback on Scotts question earlier, just the -- bending the cost curve, all that stuff, were turning in the right direction, it seems. And just from a high level, I know theres a lot of unknowns on the capacity side. But, when I think about the buckets of the headwinds and tailwinds as we go into 23, less disruption costs, less 777 maintenance, but pay is obviously trending higher regional expense. Just can you buck in any -- are there like high level things that we may be missing out there as we think about 23 overall?
Gerry Laderman: I dont think youre missing anything. The inflationary pressures are there. I think were pretty comfortable that we have a good handle on that, and thats been incorporated into our thinking all year. We have the tailwinds from the return of the 777s, the tailwinds from this record-setting operation that we have going on. So, there isnt any magic to it. I think weve been pretty clear what all the components are.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Vernon from Bernstein.
Dave Vernon: So Andrew, I wanted to follow up on that point you made about running a less peaky schedule. If I look back sort of historically or think back historically, anyway, first and fourth quarter load factors [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Mr. Bernstein, were losing your connection.
Dave Vernon: Can you hear me?
Andrew Nocella: We can now, try again. We got the first sentence or two but you cut out.
Dave Vernon: Sorry. So I guess, Andrew, Im trying to dig into this idea of running less peaky operation. Im wondering if the quarterly drop-offs from sort of 3Q to 4Q, 1Q, if that should be a little bit more moderate kind of coming out of the pandemic because of some of the changes youre making in terms of scheduling the airline and just building to the new normal.
Andrew Nocella: Exactly true. In fact, one of the good examples will be our European schedule, for this winter, we would use to cut off Tuesday or Wednesday a non-peak day on many of our transatlantic flights from New York. And this winter, if you look at them, I think a higher percentage of them operate daily throughout the entire week. And the other example is the first two weeks of December. So after Thanksgiving, but before Christmas, were already booked 2, 2.3 points ahead of where we expected to be and versus 19. Again, that off-peak period is doing a swimmingly well. And so more and more, well digest all this. And to the extent we can run an operation that has fewer peaks in it, particularly having the summer peak, not be so much higher than the rest of the year, that creates a dramatic amount of efficiency because when you think about it, we staff our pilot workforce for the flying that we do in -- from June 15th to like August 15th. And if we can staff for a much larger chunk of time, that should be incredibly efficient.
Dave Vernon: Outstanding. Thank you for that. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Can you help us kind of orient where we are on premium product inventory sort of from the hard aspects of service in terms of seats and cabins, that kind of thing, from where we were in 2019? Im just trying to get a sense for how much more runway there is in that premiumization? I know its a long runway. Theres a lot of room to catch up. But Im just trying to think like is there any way
Andrew Nocella: Well, you have to separate it domestically versus internationally. On the international front, we have almost all of our aircraft that have gone through the Polaris mod. I think were down to one or two 787s that need to be done, and the bulk of our 767 400s. We have one or two of those done. And so well be done with that Polaris mod shortly. Versus 19, we also have the Premium Plus cabin, which was -- just had been started, but was not significant. And today, I think its about 7% of our long-haul ASMs. So, that is out there. I think the big tailwind comes domestically as these United Next aircraft arrive with dual-class cabins plus a large premium section in coach. And as you can already see from our per seat sales, which I think were up about 20% in the quarter. As we replace single class RJs with those jets, I think theres a lot more of that ancillary revenue to come. So, I think domestically, theres just -- weve only just started would be my take on that front. Internationally, I think our premium distribution in terms of seats in Polaris is, at this point, pretty stable, given where we are just finishing up the reconfigurations.
Operator: We will now switch to the media portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alison Sider from The Wall Street Journal.
Alison Sider: I was kind of wondering to ask you about your comments on the FAA and ATC staffing. You mentioned talking to Secretary Buttigieg earlier this week. Like, how are those conversations going? Because publicly, he still tends to say most of the problems come from the airlines? And like, are things more constructive behind the scenes?
Scott Kirby: Well, I had a really good call with the Secretary on Monday, as you referenced, because this is really something that we need to help them solve. Its not the FAAs fault. And so, I think when you talk about extract, thats probably the most important point. This is an agency thats done an incredible amount of work over the last couple of decades, and theyve been asked to do far more. The asks of the agency -- the number of people at that agency that are working on growth, space launches, aircraft certification programs, and its just massively higher than it was before, and they were forced to fund that by taking headcount out of the operational budget, the day-to-day operational budget. And its hard to just look at the basic fact that theres fewer controllers today than there were 30 years ago. Its -- that sort of doesnt pass the smell test for anyone, I dont think. And -- but thats not their fault. Thats an issue that we have to help them solve in FAA reauthorization. So thats the conversations are about, how can we help you solve that? Ive had one conversation with someone from the administration, three conversations with people on the hill just in the last 24 hours about that subject. And our goal in the airline industry is to help solve that problem. Because until we -- its a supply problem, until you fix the fundamental issue, its going to be challenging. Mostly works okay in a month like September, but were going to always have struggles in a month like July until we get staffed up to a level thats more reflective of the amount of airline operations that are in the sky today. And so, I think were aligned between us and the FAA on the need to work by a bipartisan way on the FAA reauthorization bill to increase their scrapping to be commensurate. And by the way, this is about -- weve made the hundreds of billions of dollars of investment in infrastructure. This is the human infrastructure that goes along with all of that concrete that were building. We -- this Sunday in Denver, where we have 114 operations per hour, beautiful, big airport, 4 parallel runways built. But it wound up with something like a couple of sick calls, and the airport operation, not clear blue sky, Sunday, it was cut from 114 to 68. We dont get to use our infrastructure unless we have the human capital to support it, and its about to get the human capital to support all the infrastructure that were building.
Operator: Our next question is from Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: I just wanted to clarify, you said 15,000 new employees this year and 15,000 next year, thats way ahead of, I think, what the goal was by 2026 with United Next. How much of that is to replace people retiring and maybe some attrition? And then also, if you have any update on the pilot negotiations? Do you expect to raise the pay compared with the original TA that was sent out? Thanks.
Brett Hart: Yes. Hi. This is Brett Hart. So, our hiring is actually right on schedule in terms of what we expect across the next four to five years with respect to United Next. And sure, some of that is to replace people who are no longer with the company, but the vast majority of that is geared towards meeting our overall plan, so. And -- by the way, were having no trouble finding terrific talent throughout the system. We are convinced at this point that we are definitely an employer of choice. So, we have no issues meeting our needs. And we expect to continue to hire as we said earlier. With respect to the pilots, our discussions with our pilots are obviously ongoing as they are with our other unions. So, we dont typically comment much beyond that, but were continuing to make what we hope will be a progress in that area.
Operator: Next, we have David Schaper from NPR.
David Schaper: Id like to ask a question thats kind of maybe been a little bit addressed already, but that is about the holiday travel season from a passenger perspective. What are you expecting in terms of demand for holiday travel? How is it different? I think youve addressed this a little bit about it being a little more spread out. And also, the pricing, with prices going up, not just airline prices, but prices for everyone, how do you expect the demand to continue, especially with fears of inflation -- not just inflation, but a recession?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Ill give it a try. We are definitely seeing a lot of strength for the holidays or obviously approaching the Thanksgiving time period, and our bookings are incredibly strong. And as I said earlier and as you indicated, the bookings are a little bit different this year and that theyre more spread out across multiple days than they were on any single day, very, very close to the holiday in the past. So, that definitely is a new travel pattern for us. And were also seeing that develop for the Christmas time period as well. The price points, there definitely is this inflationary pressure in the country and everybody can see it as theyre booking a hotel room and booking -- or even go to the grocery store, quite frankly. And were managing our prices to make sure that we can produce the results we need to do and also a great value and benefits to our customers. Were putting back in a lot of that money back into the customer itself as we invest in these new aircraft, which are going to be fantastic, whether theyre with CPAC videos or Wi-Fi on board and so on and so forth. So, Id like to think that money is going to great use to create a much better experience on board. United Airlines as well as you can see in great operations to make sure were getting our customers for Thanksgiving or Christmas or any time, home to see grandma on time with their luggage as they expected.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you on the next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2022. My name is Hilda, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from Management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Hilda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Toby Enqvist; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerald Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assess the Q&A. And with that I'll hand it over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Christina. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining our call today. I'd like to start by thanking our employees for navigating an unprecedented return of customers this quarter, as well as managing through challenges seen around the world, the infrastructure that supports global aviation. It's great to return to profitability for the first time since the start of the pandemic and despite the legitimate worries about rising fuel prices and the growing risk of a slowdown or recession, we expect continuing improvement revenue, earnings and margin going forward.  We're still short of our pre pandemic margins, and we remain focused on first getting back to 2019 levels of profitability, and then on achieving our 2023 and 2026 United net adjusted pretax margin targets.  During 2Q very strong clouds emerge, will drive the narrative around United and our industry for the next six to 18 months. And here at United, we're prepared for the risks they pose. First, we've seen industry wide constraints that have created significant operational disruptions, and impose constraints on the industry's ability to grow. Second, sharply elevated fuel prices. And third, the growing likelihood of an economic slowdown or recession.  First, to address the challenges posed by commercial aviation ecosystem that is straining to handle the number of planes operating today, we've elected to keep the United Airlines smaller and overstaffed in order to give us more buffer against these external constraints that we just can't control. We'll also continue to prioritize reliability by overstaffing until the entire aviation infrastructure returns to normal. What it means, that there will be cost pressures until that catches up and we can return to traditional utilization and staffing.  The second macro trend is of course, fuel price. At current fuel prices, United fuel bill would be $9 billion higher than 2019. What it's worth, we're building our long-term plans, assuming that this is the new normal for fuel prices. The good news is that rising fuel costs are something that affects all airlines. And at least for United, we've seen this largely become a pass through expense today.  And finally, there's the question about what's going to happen with demand. We continue to see strong demand. And one thing that is unique for United particularly and aviation in general, is that we're still probably in the sixth or seventh inning of the COVID recovery. So there are two macro demand trends, recession versus continuing COVID recovery, working across purposes. And for now, at least, the COVID recovery trend is at least cancelling out and arguably exceeding the economic headwinds.  So where does that leave us as we look to the future. Clearly all three looming risks, industry infrastructure constraints, significantly higher fuel prices and an economic slowdown, bias toward reducing capacity over the next six to 18 months. But the truth is 8% is about as much as we think it's physically possible for us to fly, given the shortfall and regionals, reduction and long haul Asian flying, an aircraft delivery delays, and other infrastructure constraints that are impacting all of aviation.  Perhaps what's most amazing about all this, despite three known storm clouds, however, we remain optimistic about the narrative short term. You can see that our 3Q results are expected to continue to accelerate back towards 2019 margins. Lower stage link does lead to slower ASM growth and pressures CASM-ex and Jerry will detail what that means shortly.  However, these same factors also lead to higher TRASM in order to hit our adjusted pretax margin of 9% next year, TRASM could decelerated by eight points from current levels, and we'd still hit the target. That translates to about $11 per share and adjusted EPS. And that perhaps is the most important point, at United, we will do whatever it takes to hit our margin target. We made a huge step up in 2Q and we continue to get closer to 2019 levels here in 3Q. We believe utilization will return to normal and Boeing deliveries will get back on track, which are the keys to CASM-ex. But we're going to get to our pretax margin next year regardless.  Thank you again to our employees for all they've done to help our customers during this busy summer travel season. It's been tough, but I'm encouraged to see the improvement in operating results and customer NPS so far in June, and July. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thank you, Scott. I want to start by thanking the entire United team for their hard work the past few months. We are pleased to see how the recovery has taken hold and progress made in our International business, as border and testing requirements began to loosen up.  As Scott mentioned, through weather and air traffic constraints have severely impacted the entire industry over the last few months. However, because the -- because of the United teams unwavering hard work, we were able to return to 2019 levels of operational performance in the second quarter for most of our network, with the exception of Newark.  While June completion was the most challenging since 2019, our mainline operation was ranked number one among legacy peers for the quarter. The good news is the biggest constraint we have seen it united congestion at Newark has improved. But well need to operate at lower utilization and higher staffing levels until the broader aviation infrastructure improves. United continues to collaborate with the U.S. Department of Transportation on the operational disruptions and challenges impacting the aviation industry and our customers.  By having an active partnership with the government, and FAA, we hope to address the main drivers of these challenges and find solutions together. We've seen early signs of progress and are grateful for the partnership and leadership the FAA has demonstrated.  Late last month we received a waiver to proactively reduce our schedule in Newark, to ease operational disruption for our customers. Also, our on-time, partner performance and Newark has improved significantly, nearly 14 points month over month so far. As we continue to manage the infrastructure challenges that face the aviation industry in the broader economy, we're strategically maintaining higher staffing levels, and we'll need to operate at lower utilization. We continue to adjust our near term capacity plans to fly the most reliable schedule we can.  Finally, we are hiring to support a larger operation so that our including United team members can receive proper classroom and on job training and advance of when they are needed, as we plan to grow scheduled towards our long-term goals.  The pilot shortage continues to impact broader airline industry. United remains dedicated to hiring at least 200 pilots a month. And with our International routes, wide body aircraft and higher career -- and high career earning potential, we are confident, United is the best place for pilots to build a career.  In closing, I want to extend my most sincere gratitude to the entire team at United for their hard work this quarter. Our employees are truly the good that leads the way for our airline.  And now I'd like to hand the call over to my colleague, friend and our new Chief Operating Officer, Toby Enqvist.
Toby Enqvist: Thank you, Brett, for that kind introduction. After working for this great airline for over 25 years, and most recently as a Chief Customer Officer, the thing that customers value the most have not changed. We need to get them to their destination safely and on time. Hence, running a reliable operation is critical to our success. And with the recent wave of industry-wide operational disruptions across the globe, it was the innovative tools, such as the ConnectionSaver and Agent on Demand from our team that helped moderate the stress, not only for our customers but for our employees as well. We will continue to innovate to make data-driven decisions to improve efficiency and reliability of our operation in the future. At United, we've been preparing for this bounce back in demand for some time. We were the only airline that signed a letter of agreement with our pilots in the fall of 2020 to ensure that when demand returns, and it has, in a more meaningful way than we could have ever imagined, we'd be ready. For example, today, we have 10% more pilots available for blocked hours versus prior to the pandemic. Further, we broke ground on 12 new simulator bays to support the amount of pilots
Operator: Your conference will resume shortly. Please stand by.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, everyone. Sorry, we had some technical difficulties. We're going to start with Toby.
Toby Enqvist: Thank you, Brett, for the kind introduction. After working for this trait airline for over 25 years and mostly as the Chief Customer Officer, the thing our customers value to most has not changed. We need to get them to their destination safely and on time. And so running a reliable operation is critical to our success. And the recent wave of industry-wide operational disruption across the globe, it was the innovative tools, such as ConnectionSaver and Agent on Demand from our team that helped moderate the stress not only for our customers, but for our employees as well. We will continue to innovate and make data-driven decisions to improve efficiency and reliability of our operations in the future. At United, we've been prepared for this bounce back in demand for some time. We were the only airline that signed a letter of agreement with our pilots in the fall of 2020 to ensure that when demand returns, and it has in a more meaningful way than we could have ever imagined we'd be ready. For example, today, we have 10% more pilots available for block hours versus prior to the pandemic. Further, we broke ground on 12 new simulator bays to support the amount of pilot training that we expect will be required in the near, medium and long term to meet our growth plan. We also began actively addressing our infrastructure well before demand started to come back. During COVID focus on the big airport infrastructure projects to support in the future. We completed or broke-ground on new projects at Newark, Chicago O'Hare, Houston and Denver. There are many other infrastructure constraints outside of our control, and we worked with those partners to get them returned to normal. Finally, July fourth weekend was our best completion in [indiscernible 0:16:03] zero performance for that reason since 2017. In partnership with the FAA, our Newark operation is significantly improving this month. As of July 15, we have seen a 78% reduction, which is the highest post-pandemic month in FAA capacity delivery, which means an additional 12,000 customers are on-site each and every day. The delays are less likely to impact the rest of our system. I look forward to being even more ingrained in the day-to-day operating of this airlines. And hopefully by the next time I'm on this call, the operational challenge that our whole industry faces today will be the rear view mirror.  I'll now pass it on to Andrew to discuss our great revenue results.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Toby. I'm pleased to report revenues accelerated in the quarter versus Q1. TRASM finished 24% higher with capacity down 15% versus Q2 '19. Top line revenues for June of $4.6 billion were 12% or above our previous best month ever on 14% less capacity. Q2 leisure demand was exceptionally strong, and we successfully revenue managed our capacity, largely compensating for higher fuel costs and inflationary pressures. Passenger yields were up 20%. Business demand continued to rebound into the quarter to 75% of 2Q '19 volume levels and 80% of revenues. Business demand continues to grow, but the rate of progress has slowed in the last few weeks from the growth we saw early in the quarter. With the economy potentially worsening, business travels recovery is something we'll be watching carefully. Cargo demand remained strong in Q2. Yields remained 107% above 2019 levels and total cargo revenue was up 95% versus '19. As we see, the industry pulls back up to normal passenger schedules, we expect cargo yields will decline in the future months, but remain solidly above 2019 levels. I want to also note that our cargo volumes remained strong and are only constrained by available space now being used by passenger luggage. If a drop-off in cargo revenues is an early sign of a recession, we don't see it. MileagePlus had a strong quarter with revenues up 23% versus 2Q '19. Our co-branded credit card broke just about every record you can think of in terms of spend, retention and new cards issued. Our ancillary and premium revenue streams are also doing great. Ancillary revenue per onboard passenger was up almost 30% versus '19. Additionally, our steep product revenues per passenger were almost up 40%. As I've mentioned before, premium leisure continues to be a bright spot with the premium cabin domestic revenue growth outpacing the economy cabin in the second quarter. This trend is really important as our United Next capacity plans grows premiums even faster than main cabin over the next few years. For Q2, Pacific PRASM increased 15%, albeit on a capacity down 67%. Atlantic PRASM was up 6%, even in the backdrop of a 9% capacity growth versus '19, and Latin PRASM was up 14% in the quarter on 8% more capacity. Overall, international PRASM was up 13%. Domestic PRASM increased 25%, and that's with a backdrop of an 8% increase in gauge, versus Q2 '19, a material reduction in RJ feeder traffic and many other constraints that limit optimal capacity deployment. The strength of the post-COVID recovery, combined with capacity constraints, are offset in any macroeconomic headwinds, enabling record TRASM results.  Now turning to the third quarter. We're focused on carefully managing our capacity, yield and operation with schedules we can reliably and profitably deliver. We expect third quarter capacity will be down approximately 11% versus third quarter of '19. Q3 TRASM is expected to improve by 24% to 26% versus the same period in 2019. International TRASM is now spooling up further. We're well into the Q3 booking curve and pleased with the revenue trends. We're not counting on a material rebound in business bookings in the quarter to meet our TRASM guide. United's capacity in the fourth quarter will also remain below our original targets at approximately down 11%. The revenue environment for passengers, ancillary fees, domestic premium seating, MileagePlus and cargo are all just materially different in a positive way than 2019. It appears to us that the airline industry revenues are rapidly returning to the 2019 GDP relationship, which is really important to our 2023 capacity planning outlook. We continue to assess capacity plans for 2023 and now expect United capacity will be up about 8%. To be transparent, our outlook for growth -- 8% growth is significantly lower than our previous planned growth. We at United are going to be able to execute our plan and do it comfortably. We feel 8% growth is the right choice and achievable for United. United taking care of our customers is our number one focus, and we believe that moderating capacity growth will allow us to deliver service levels our customers expect. The entire industry faces at least three core challenges over the next 18 monhs to 24 months. One, industry infrastructure shortfall; two, high fuel prices; and three, macroeconomic concerns. Some airlines, including United, faced a fourth risk that not all others may face, delivery delays from Boeing. These constraints are clearly having a material positive impact on revenue production. Higher fuel prices and macro-economic considering alone may not have impacted industry capacity. However, infrastructure constraints and bone delivery delays will take time to fix and cannot be ignored. Pilot recruiting, training and retention, we believe, are real constraints for the industry for years to come.  As Scott has said earlier, the calculation of how we get to our 2023 margin guidance has changed. We will have higher cost, higher fuel, lower capacity, but most importantly, higher revenues. Thanks to the entire United team.  And with that, I will hand it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. First, I would like to add my thanks to the entire United team for achieving our first quarter of profitability since the start of the pandemic. For the second quarter of 2022, we reported pretax income of $459 million, $611 million on an adjusted basis. Our second quarter CASM-ex ended up 17% versus the second quarter of 2019, which was in line with our prior guidance despite capacity coming in lower than previously expected. But the cost story for the quarter was not about CASM-ex, it was about fuel and the ability of air industry while in the midst of recovering from the pandemic, to withstand record high fuel prices. The fuel price volatility was exacerbated by unusual pressure on jet fuel prices in certain geographic regions where we had limited opportunity to mitigate our exposure. For example, in April and May, the cost of jet fuel based on Newark harbor pricing was often several dollars higher per gallon than Gulf Coast jet fuel. Nonetheless, our strong unit revenue performance enabled us to offset most of the fuel pressure as we attained an adjusted operating margin in the second quarter of just over 8%. While lower than our May guidance of 10%, the difference is mostly due to approximately $150 million of incremental fuel expense for the quarter versus what we forecasted in May. Turning to our forward outlook. We currently expect CASM-ex to be up approximately 16% to 17% in the third quarter and capacity down 11%, both versus the third quarter of 2019. Our third quarter costs are impacted by the current operating environment. During the recovery period where supply chain issues, labor shortages and COVID variants create challenges throughout the economy we are mitigating the impact to our operation and our customers by overstaffing and limiting capacity. While this creates near-term CASM headwind, we believe it is the right thing to do for our customers and ultimately for our profitability. We also have to manage more closing cancellations due to various infrastructure issues. For example, for several weeks in September, we are reducing our schedule in Newark by about 200 flights per day as a result of runway construction. These types of cancellations result in additional CASM-ex pressure as many variable costs simply cannot be avoided due to the short lead time for the schedule adjustments. Nonetheless, we once again expect to be profitable in the third quarter and expect our adjusted operating margin to be 10% based on a fuel price per gallon of $3.81. Additionally, we continue to expect an adjusted pretax profit for the full year 2022.  Looking beyond the third quarter, we will continue to manage our capacity growth into next year prudently. We currently expect our fourth quarter capacity down 10% with our CASM-ex up 14%. In addition, as Andrew described, we now expect full year 2023 capacity to be up no more than approximately 8% versus 2019, down from the original United next goal of 20%. Even at this lower capacity for next year, we feel good about achieving our United Next adjusted pretax margin target. After taking into account the impact of lower capacity, causing, for example, fixed cost to be spread among fewer ASMs and about three points of inflationary pressure we've seen, we would expect CASM-ex to be up about 5% versus 2019. Using a fuel price per gallon of $3.40 based on the current forward curve, unit revenue can decline by as much as eight points from current levels, and we would still achieve the 9% United next adjusted pretax margin target. And as Scott mentioned, as our assumptions change, we will do what it takes to deliver on our commitment. Turning to fleet. Our new aircraft delivery schedule for this year continues to shift a little to the right. We now expect to take delivery of no more than 46 MAX aircraft and five 787s during the year. We currently expect full year 2022 adjusted CapEx of about $5.2 billion, which will be lower to the extent fewer aircraft are actually delivered. We finally started taking delivery of our first new aircraft of the year during the last week in June, and in the last few weeks, we have taken delivery of four 737 MAX aircraft. We continue to evaluate the most appropriate way to pay for our new aircraft deliveries in the context of our liquidity position, other potential uses of our cash in the current macro environment. Given that we ended the second quarter with about $22 billion of liquidity and we used cash on hand to purchase the four aircraft already delivered this year, and currently, we expect to pay for more than half of our total 2022 aircraft deliveries with cash on hand, though we remain flexible as we continue to monitor the economy and the recovery. Paying for these aircraft with cash while paying down current maturities and opportunistically prepaying certain debt to build our unencumbered asset base, a win-win for the balance sheet. So far this year, we have reduced our total debt by over $1 billion, and with scheduled debt payments between $3 billion and $4 billion annually for the next several years, we will continue to have the ability to delever our balance sheet through normal amortization. In conclusion, as we execute our network cost and balance sheet plans, which form the core of our United Next strategy, we grow more confident every day that we will deliver on our 2023 and 2026 adjusted pretax margin target.  And with that, I will hand it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Hilda, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Mike Linenberg from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Michael Linenberg : Good morning, everyone. Congrats on getting back to profitability. Scott, you sort of touched on the capacity change and maybe this is to you or to Andrew, but based on our math, it looked like you were going to probably be up about 20% under the previous plan from a year ago. And now it's at 8, 12 points, obviously, that's a lot and obviously, it's a sizable headwind for CASM. But can you give us a little bit more sort of drill down, is that maybe a slower improvement or increase in engage. Is that a more gradual restoration of bringing back 777s? Like, what's driving those changes, if you can just dig into that? Thanks
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Mike, it's Andrew. Let me give it a shot here. As we looked out into the year, there are a couple of big buckets that are different and get us from the 20% that you are referring to, to where we're currently projecting. The first one is the change at United Express where we're simply flying dramatically fewer airplanes, and we're flying them at lower utilization. So that definitely lowered our ASMs. And think of that as 4 to 5 points in total.  There is a -- as part of that 4 to 5 points, because that's really substantial, is the fact that United mainline aircraft have taken over flying on many of these shorter-haul routes and those shorter-haul routes simply produce less ASMs. So that explains, I think, one of the bigger buckets of the difference.  The second significant bucket of difference is our assumptions about global long-haul flying and the recovery of our Asian network and our ability to overfly a Russian airspace. So relative to what we originally thought in terms of the recovery in Asia and our ability to overfly Russian air space. Think of it as another 3, potentially 4, points of different as we take the aircraft that we're flying in a very, very long route and now have them fly what are much shorter haul routes. They simply produce fewer ASMs, although a similar number of departures. Those are the 2 big buckets that represent a material difference there relative to what we expect in the second half of next year. So we do plan on flying the full airline in the second half of next year, but those two buckets materially change the structure of our ASM productivity. And its worth noting that we were going to get to this point on the RJs anyway. In the United Next plan. This is where we were going. So this is an acceleration. So it does not change our 2026 ASMs or CASM-ex or the productivity of the airline then. And the second thing that I think is really important, there are the certain parts of the Asia that have not come back, and we don't believe it will be coming back in the near future. While they had very low CASM, they also had lower RASM. And so while we look forward to bringing these routes back, we look forward to bringing them back in such a way that they come back at a higher margin. And in fact, if you look at our Asian performance and our TRASM performance in the quarter, you'll notice I think, exactly what we're doing. We think those are two moves, they don't change the endpoint at all, which is the critical part of the answer here, to where we'll be in 2026. The United Express part is an acceleration and the long-haul global route is just a deferral, given some of the geopolitical issues that we face today.
Michael Linenberg: Okay. Great. And just a quick follow-up, just the pretax target for next year and CASM guide that assumes a pilot deal is done? Is that right or not? Thank you.
Gerald Laderman: So our CASM numbers assume all the costs that we would expect for next year. 
Michael Linenberg : Okay, thanks. 
Scott Kirby: Yes. It includes labor deals.
Michael Linenberg: Great. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Gerry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helane Becker from Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Helane Becker : Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thanks for the time. Could you talk a little bit about the new routes that you started, the leisure focused Atlantic routes and how they're performing relative to expectations and whether or not that part of the strategic plan to increase capacity in other markets like that will continue?
Andrew Nocella: Helane, it's Andrew. Let me give that a try as well. We started this route at the beginning of this last season, and they're all new and they're all spin up. And one of the things I'll note is I think they all did incredibly well for their first few weeks of operation, including us never even flying to those destinations in the past, when you look at our RASM guide, TRASM guide for the next quarter, embedded in that is an acceleration of international RASM where we are spooling up and catching up, and it looked really good as we go into the third quarter. So we're pleased with how they're tracking. We wanted to try something a little bit different given where business traffic was heading in this summer, and we think it's going to be successful and we think you can see that based on our Q3 guide, where international RASM growth is accelerating.
Helane Becker: Got it. Thank you. And then just on the Newark runway situation. How is that going relative to their plan and the construction at Terminal A that I think was also impacting operations. I'm not sure where they are relative to what they were -- when they were thinking they would be finished.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll let Toby correct me if I miss something wrong here. But the runway construction is going to take one of the runways out of service for a few weeks in September. It's a big chunk. We're going to take 200 flights a day out during that time in September. So that's a reasonable chunk of our capacity. Obviously, the cost basically all stay in place when you do that.  And we have our fingers crossed that while it's been delayed several times that there won't be any more delays for the new terminal, which is a beautiful new terminal. It's going to be great for our customers when it's done. But that airport is already got 10 pounds in a 5-pound bag and trying to do it with one fewer terminal is a nightmare. And so hopefully, it will be on schedule for the fourth quarter.
Helane Becker: Thats perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Didora from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Didora: Good morning, everyone. So Andrew, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, maybe some softer corporate bookings of late. How do you think the operational difficulties across the industry influence the way corporates are traveling or booking right now? I guess, you or Scott, have you had any conversations with your big corporate clients concerned about the dynamic that's on right now?
Andrew Nocella: We have. And I can tell you there's a level of frustration out there, particularly with the London Heathrow situation, where we have a large amount of -- 22 flights per day at London Heathrow. And this is clearly having some level of impact on bookings. That being said, our bookings are still off the chart good, growing across the Atlantic, and our RASMs are accelerating. So we look forward to get this getting resolved but I think it's having a negative impact on the return to business in the short run, those headlines are just really disturbing to read. And we at United are taking the appropriate action to make sure that we can get our customers to where they want to be on time and safely obviously. And we hope that these airports quickly catch up.
Andrew Didora: Got it. And just on your corporate business. Sorry if I missed this in your prepared remarks, how much recovered was it in 2Q? And sort of what are your expectations as we head into 3Q and the back half of the year?
Andrew Nocella: It was 80% on volume and 75 -- sorry, 75% on volume, 80% on revenue. And while it is still improving, the rate of improvement has slowed for domestic, the rate of improvement for international still looks really good, even with the headlines about London Heathrow. So we're really excited, obviously, about the international network and how it's going to perform in the quarter. So again, it is frustrating. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we weren't counting on to reach our target some type of heroic change in the current trajectory in September. While I do think there's some upside there for a bigger rebounded business based on the feedback we've gotten when the kids go back to school, again, our TRASM outlook does not count on a significant change. We're assuming it's going to be slow at this point.
Andrew Didora: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Savi Syth from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Thank you. You mentioned regional shortfall is one of the factors impacting the 2023 outlook, though maybe not really different versus 2026. And I think we've all been expecting labor inflation, but recently, one of your competitors provided kind of very large pay increase that essentially eliminates the kind of the historical pay gap between regional and mainline pilots, which I thought was an important component of making the economics on those routes to work with those kind of small aircraft. I was kind of curious what your view was on the impact of this, assuming the rest of the regional industry also follows suit?
Andrew Nocella: Savi, I'll say that this is a big change but a change that we anticipated. So RJ ASMs used to be 7 point-something 7.5%, I think, of our ASMs. As we head to 2026, think of it as 3.5% to 4% of ASM because the economics of this business were going to change. We didn't know exactly how and when it would happen, but now we know. And so we -- I think we've prepared for this. We've planned for this and we're not going to be reliant on RJs as much as it used to because the economic profile of the aircraft has materially changed. And that means service to small communities is going to be different. Here at United, it means more mainline aircraft with lower scheduled depth, and we think that's a profit maximizing opportunity. And we also think that our customers in those markets are going to appreciate the mainline aircraft at the end of the day. So we're on plan, but the size and scope of RJ operations and their profitability will have changed and the smaller communitys ability to offer -- have differential yields that can support these high cost structures will be stressed and strained to the point where we don't think it makes sense to fly as many RJs in the future as we did in the past. So this is a shift. We think it's a permanent shift. This is not a temporary cost increase for RJs. This is a permanent cost increase for RJs.
Savanthi Syth: That's helpful, Andrew. And if I might follow up, just much of the United next plan is really kind of a lot about up gauging. And I guess -- but do you have enough kind of small and narrow body aircraft then to address that regional market? Or do you have the right fleet mix to address it?
Andrew Nocella: As we looked at our fleet mix and we can always make a change to it, and we look at the profitability by aircraft type and what we need to do to hit our financial targets, we will simply have a different shaped network in 2026 than we did in 2018 or 2019. And again, service to small communities will have less frequency, but bigger aircraft. And we think that is the profit maximizing opportunity. And so we are not anxious to jump into a 120-seat narrow-body to fill this gap at this point. Obviously, we can change our mind at any time. But at this point in time, we think the MAX 10 and the 321 are the way to maximize our profitability, and we will make the appropriate adjustments to our network to make sure we can do that. And there may be some cities, and we've already shut down 17 or 18 because of lack of RJs that we can't fly to. It's an unfortunate outcome of where we are, but that is what the outlook looks like at this point.
Savanthi Syth: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Baker : Good morning, everybody. Andrew, just continuing on Savi's topic. Was scope relief initially envisioned as part of United Next?
Andrew Nocella: The United Next in our plan never had more than 255 76-seat RJs in it.
Jamie Baker : Okay. So I guess that would explain why there was no change in scope as part of the TA, right?
Andrew Nocella: We're after what we need and we collaborate to get to the right answer. And we -- I'm going to say, as a team, we figured this out a number of years ago, and we got it right.
Jamie Baker : Okay. Yes. No. Cool. Okay. No, I just wanted to double check that. Second question for Gerry. Cutting planned growth and actually reducing capacity are 2 different things. Obviously, I'm not suggesting that United should be shrinking in the current environment. But my question is whether the operational strains, the training pipeline, simulator -- all the pressures that exist right now, does that make it harder or easier to actually reduce capacity if there was some need to do so, if that makes sense?
Gerald Laderman: Those are temporary issues and -- the key for us is ensuring that we have full utilization of all the aircraft on-premises. So any aircraft that we have, we want to fly the appropriate amount of hours. So really reducing capacity is all about the fleet mix. And as we said before, we have plenty of flexibility there. If Andrew decides he doesn't want as many aircraft flying. We will look at the retirement of the oldest aircraft, and we'll look at the flexibility we have on adjusting the delivery schedule and share it that way.
Jamie Baker : Well, let me ask the question slightly differently, if I may. If you think in the past, the level of economic strain that had to be applied to an airline before they decided to reduce capacity. Where does that bar rest today relative to where it was in the past? It seems higher to me, but I'd like to hear what you have to say.
Scott Kirby: Jamie, I'll try I'd like to try on this. I just think the trend is more physical constraint. I mean Andrew sort of hinted at and said it in his capacity for us and everyone else in the industry is not so much about trying to maximize next quarter's profitability or margin. It's -- we'd be more profitable if we were flying more right now. It's about physical constraints. The physical constraint on being able to fly are the current constraints. They happen to, at the moment, aligned with what everyone is worried about on fuel prices and the economy, but the physical constraints are the factor.
Jamie Baker: Got it. Okay, thanks for the color gentlemen. Take care.
Operator: The next question comes from David Vernon from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
David Vernon: Good morning, guys. So Andrew, you mentioned you were encouraged by what you're seeing in bookings in 3Q. Can you talk a little bit more about how that's shaking up? Areas of strength or weakness and anything out of the ordinary relative to what you might normally see in the September quarter?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We're almost two-thirds through the booking curve here for the quarter. So we have a lot of visibility into what we're looking at. And I think the first, the biggest thing I would say is we do see the acceleration on our international network across the board, which is great to see. Second, I'll really point out Asia. Asia is leading the way. I think we're bringing that back in a way that it comes back more profitable than where we were in 2019. And for me, that's absolutely critical to close in the margin gap that we had historically had, international versus domestic, by bringing back Asia equal to the rest of it or, in fact, maybe even better. The other thing I would tell you, as we go into September, which I think everybody is looking towards is this pivotal moment where we switch from less leisure-focused demand to more business-focused demand. As we go into the September month, I can tell you all of our curves are better than they were for July and August and even June. So as we approach September, we approach it better booked with better yields. And so we remain really bullish and optimistic. And we gave you, I think, a really fantastic TRASM guide for the quarter that September is shaping up really well on that. Obviously, we have a long way to go. But what I can tell you is the leading indicators right now are, I think, really positive. The only place where we see lower yields in the quarter are in a cargo division, and that's simply a reflection of a lot more wide-body capacity coming back into the marketplace, causing a little bit lower yield in that environment, but still substantially higher than where we were in 2019 by many times. So hopefully, that gives you some color, but really good, great and fantastic momentum from a TRASM perspective as we head into this quarter, in my opinion.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you for that. And then, Gerry, as we're taking down sort of CapEx expectations or at least shifting some of the targets to when capacity comes into for the United Next, is it going to have an impact on the timing of CapEx across the plan? Or are you guys going to keep the fleet plan kind of as is?
Gerald Laderman: No. We're going to keep everything as is now. Having said that, as everybody knows, we don't have necessarily 100% confidence in the aircraft delivery schedule, which is the bulk of the CapEx. So I would expect -- my opinion is we're not going to take as many aircraft this year, some shift to next year, some of next year shift to the following year. So you'll see some of that. But everything else is on track. We need to make those investments now because the airline is going to be as big as we expected in the time frame that we laid out.
David Vernon: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Stathoulopoulos from Susquehanna International Group. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Stathoulopoulos : Good morning. Scott, you sounded fairly confident in your ASM guide for next year. And -- the guide assuming here a slowdown? And of the domestic up gauging that you outlined last year in your plan, how much of that is realistically achievable in a recession. And should we assume any of the points, I think it was 2 points from new routes and frequency that those really are ultimately a moving target here or derivative of what happens with the economy. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Yes. I'll try. I'm not sure I'll get the question -- I understand the question exactly. And then Andrew can correct me as well or you can tell us if we didn't answer the question. The -- I think the risk to our capacity guide for next year is Boeing delivery primarily. And so we'll see. But we have attempted on this call, I think, to rip the Band-Aid off on what we think is realistic about capacity for the next 18 months and get to a baseline that we're going to hit. But we are clearly exposed to Boeing delivery delays. I think the point that is perhaps we haven't explained as well and some of it's getting lost in all of this is a huge -- there's so many moving parts in capacity and CASM-ex. But a big part of it is two things that Andrew talked about. We have a lot less long-haul flying to Asia, which lowers our stage length, and that is very low CASM flying. It's also low RASM flying. And the other thing is mainland airplanes are now flying shorter haul, which means lower utilization routes that used to be flown by jet. That also has an increase in CASM. So a lot of it is happening is just the mainline airplanes are being used differently. They're not flying to Asia and they're not flying short-haul routes. They are very high CASM. They also happen to be very high RASM. You see that lead across the industry, 8 or 9 quarters in a row on TRASM. Part of that is we're proud of what we're doing, but part of that is just the change in how the airplanes are flying in stage link. So, some of what's going on here is that switch, which we expected to happen, as Andrew said, over a longer period of time to sort of gradually come in between now and 2026, but now it's happening immediately. And that's a big headwind to CASM, and it's a big tailwind to RASM. I think you see that reflected in our margin results. If you strip out things like differences in fuels or refineries, our results are at least amongst the best, if not the best kind of relative to 2019, our acceleration quarter-to-quarter is -- your kind of -- if you look past the headline RASM or headline single statistic, I think you see what's most important to us is the margin development and that happening. But a lot of it is because of what is just the airplanes are being used differently in the moment into 2023 than we originally expected.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos : Okay. Great color. Thank you. And so Scott or Gerry, second question. In a recession, what are the 3 or 5 data points you want on your desk every morning? Is it cash sales, cancellations? I'm just curious what those are and then versus -- or how they compare to what you look at every morning currently. Thank you.
Gerald Laderman: I can start. I just looked at Andrew's expression. That tells me what I need to know.
Scott Kirby: Look, I'll give you an answer that you're not going to like, which is I look mostly at the same thing. Right now, the thing I look most at is what's happening operationally to us because we are focused on the long term. We're going to have recessions, they're going to happen. They end. And I'm glad that Gerry has built us up a great set of liquidity and balance sheet. I'm glad we're paying down debt. But we're just nowhere close to like looking at those kinds of metrics. And because of that, we are saying -- but we will stay focused on the long term. We're not going to yank the airline back and forth. That's how you screw up because of what's going to happen in the next six months. And for us, by far, by far, by far, our number one priority is running a great operation. Look, I'm really proud of the team. To be clear, we were better in every operating metric that I look at than our legacy competitors, but that was in a tough environment. And it's hard on our team and you can -- newspapers, it's hard on aviation. While our team did prepare for it and I think we've done a great job. And it's not good enough just to be better than the others. We've got an even higher standard that we want for customers. And so, the number one metric, I don't only look at in the morning, I now look at it five or six times a day, is our operating metrics and how we're doing and how we're setting up for the future there.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. Thank you so much. You've talked about 2023 pretax margin guidance being maintained at 9% with the implied TRASM to decelerate by 8 points versus the current levels to keep that guidance. That's still well above 2019 level. So can you maybe provide a little bit of color about how you're thinking about that, about the industry supply-demand environment in 2023?
Andrew Nocella: I'll give it a try. There's just -- there is a lot of uncertainty in my opinion, about industry capacity next year. And I fully expect that we're going to hit our number. We've looked at it carefully. But I also fully expect that the rest of the industry won't. I don't even know what the numbers are for the rest of the industry at this point. In the normal year, we would know, we would have an educated guess. But I think it's going to be a relatively small number. And again, as I said in my opening comments, when I look at GDP, where that's going to be, where I look at our capacity is going to be and where I look at OA capacity, it likely will be, again, highly speculative at this point because I just think that whatever most airlines are saying they think they're going to achieve next year is probably significantly less than that number. We've ripped the Band-Aid off this, Scott eloquently just said. And I'm just not sure others have, but we'll wait and see. So we do think that the GDP ASM numbers match up to what we just described as the appropriate numbers to get to the TRASM outlook.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Cool. And then I just wanted to follow up on the 777, just to clarify, as they come back in, how does that change your incremental capacity? And does that have any impact on the cost structure?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I mean we've made a decision for the remainder of this year and the first half of next year that kind of overrides that. The 777, they're just part of the rest of the airline. They're -- there's a few of them not flying because they're waiting for their final maintenance retrofit to get back up in the air. But the bigger issue are the structural constraints that are applying to our business over the next few quarters. And that is causing us to underutilize all aircraft types. The 777 is just one of many at this point that are being underutilized. However, as we said, we are pointing towards June 1 of next year for the summer of 2023 to get these aircraft off-line and at full utilization. And that's what, as a team, we're 100% focused on. And that will deliver the 8%, assuming that Boeing also delivers the planes to us.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. Appreciate the question. Is it fair to say that the growth plan for next year is lower, but the capital plan is the same? I understand a lack of confidence around deliveries. But could we just set a mark for where you think total CapEx will be in 2023?
Gerald Laderman: So -- the answer is yes. So aircraft deliveries are the dominant part of it. So non-aircraft, I would expect runs about the same as this year, in that sort of $1.5 billion. We haven't done our capital plan yet. But just based on what we're seeing and sort of what we know we spend, basically take aircraft deliveries and then add about $1.5 billion of non-aircraft.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And so the existing, what is it, $6.5 billion, $7 billion is the right way to think about it on the aircraft side?
Gerald Laderman: No, it's higher than that. It's about $7 billion, $7.5 billion for next year. That is aircraft. Total aircraft is about $7 billion to $7.5 billion.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. Thank you. And then just on other revenue, you have good growth there relative to '19 despite no change fees. And so can you just comment on what's what are the biggest drivers to other revenue growth? How much lack of change fees are you offsetting? And is there anything sort of nonrecurring about that?
Andrew Nocella: I think the simple answer is we're offsetting all of the change fee loss, which is with all the ancillary fees we do, particularly luggage and seats. And seats have been obviously just a boom. And I give all the credit to our digital team and our app and how our marketing on those things, and we're accelerating on that front. So we're very excited about it. But the answer is, it's 100%. And it's not something that's going to change in Q3. In Q3, in terms of some of the other revenues, cargo, in particular, I think we already talked about the yield issue there. But our ancillary revenues look incredibly strong.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And at this moment, we will switch to take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Alison Sider from The Wall Street Journal. Please go ahead. 
Alison Sider: Hi, thanks. You've been outspoken on the issues you're seeing with staffing and other issues at air traffic control. And they've been fairly strong pushing back against that. I guess, like, how is the relationship with the FAA right now? Like, is there any progress behind the scenes? Or is there any deterioration there?
Scott Kirby: So -- look, we certainly have had challenges. And by the way, like everyone in the economy has had challenges. So that's not a criticism. But it's really, really important. The airline cannot run without air traffic control staff. And -- but what I'd say is really encouraging. By far, our biggest issue issues have been, by far, by far. Newark was the most delayed airport in the country in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, it's structural. There's only two parallel runways, 79 operations per hour is all the airport is designed to handle and we schedule it more than that, it's a problem. The good news is the FAA was really responsive. When we pointed out the problems and the challenges, they, A, let us reduce the schedule right now by 50 flights per day, which we very much appreciate. It's led to huge improvement in performance at that hub and the ripples throughout the system. And secondly, they've really gone to extraordinary lengths to make sure the Newark air traffic control desk is staffed, including over time and having management employees best and do things. And I forget the exact number, but in the mid -- 70-something percent reduction in air traffic control delays so far in July compared to where it was just a couple of months ago. So they've been very, very responsive. That's all you can ask from any partner, including the government, and so we're appreciative of that. And we have our fingers crossed that, that is going to continue. This is a challenge that affects them that lets us and we can only solve it together and they are working together with us on the solutions.
Alison Sider: Got it. So -- I mean, do you feel like that whatever staffing issues that they had been facing, some of those facilities have been addressed? Or is it still an ongoing issue?
Scott Kirby: Look, I think everyone is tight everywhere, not unique to them. Everyone is tight everywhere. But the fact that they're focused on it is really important. And the fact that they're willing to go to extraordinary links when they do have higher COVID say calls or something happen is really what is critical. The U.S. economy, broadly is probably not going to get to a place where we're staffed at comfortable levels for quite some time. But they're doing a good job of being responsive and that's the most we can hope for.
Operator: The next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg News. Please go ahead. 
Mary Schlangenstein : I want to see if you could talk a little bit about what sort of supply chain issues you continue to face beyond any pilot shortages at the regional level. Are you still facing a lot of shortages of just basic equipment that you need on the planes every day, parts that you need every day? And if you see any indication of when those types of shortages might ease in the future?
Gerald Laderman: It's Gerry. The answer is no, not really. Our supply chain teams have done a good job of preparing for that. We recognize where the times were going to be extended. And so we've done everything, particularly for anything essential for the operation to make sure that we were sort of ahead of the game on that.
Mary Schlangenstein: And does that include provisioning supplies for aircraft? And what about like airport personnel that affects your operation on a daily basis?
Gerald Laderman: Yes. Look -- and I'm probably not the best person to talk about this. But there are certain parts of the country where we all know there are more labor challenges than other parts. So I wouldn't tell you that every airport is fully staffed, but we've been managing, I think, pretty well through the process. At the margin, let's say, for food, we don't get necessarily everything we want all the time, and we've had to make some changes, maybe one cracker instead of another cracker, different type of cheese. But that's not affecting the operation at all.
Operator: We have a question from Leslie Josephs from CNBC. Please go ahead. 
Leslie Josephs: Thanks for taking my questions. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the network for the rest of the year and into 2023, just given some of the softness in the corporate sector, Apple and other big names lately. And also curious where things stand with pilot negotiations now that seems like the last year is kind of on ice. So curious how that's going and how labor relations just broadly are -- how you characterize those now. Thanks. 
Andrew Nocella: Leslie, from a network perspective, obviously, the schedules, I would use the word -- the term thinner. They will be thinner in the fourth quarter and early next year as we have the capacity that we have available to fly reliably. So it will be a little bit different. We are appointed still a little bit more leisure focused than we were in 2019. We also think that's appropriate until we see business return to 100%. And we also have the issues on regional jet flying from our express partners, as I said earlier, which are causing even thinner schedules in the smaller communities we serve. I don't think we have any more communities that we're going to have to see service to for the remainder of the year based on the current plan. Unfortunately, we've already had to remove many from our operation prior to today. So it is a bit different of a network, and it's not our run rate network, and it won't be our run rate network until next summer.
Scott Kirby: And on the pilot question, I'll say my more substantive answer for our employees and our pilots. But the short answer I think the important point is we created a unique partnership with our unions and have great relationships with our employees and people feel good about the company, where we're headed. We were the only want to do a deal with pilots during COVID. We got a deal done in four weeks of negotiations with our pilots, the first airline to even come close to something. It turns out that there are a few things in there that I think some -- that enough of the pilots didn't like that we and the union agreed we ought to fix those things. And so this is not something that's on ice. We're trying to quickly get this back and get it back out to the pilots.
Leslie Josephs: Okay. And if I could just ask 1 follow-up, where the booking curve stands now for leisure and corporate travelers and how that compares to early in the pandemic or even 2019?
Andrew Nocella: What I'd say is the booking curve today is very similar to the booking curve of 2019. They're really the same.
Leslie Josephs: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Lori Aratani from the Washington Post. Please go ahead. 
Lori Aratani : Hi, thank you. I know Alison already touched on this, but I wanted to talk -- I want to see if you could respond. I know that you've gotten some pushback from the FAA concerns you raised about their staffing and its impact on your operations. They're sort of saying it's not us. Yes, we have issues, but it's the airlines and the stats from the bureau transportation statistics seem to bear that out. So I'd like to hear your thoughts on that.
Scott Kirby: Well, first of all I'd say is all airlines are not created equal. When I've at least read their comments, they've been airline industry and airlines are not created equal. And we have staffed the airline out. We have 10% more pilots. Our issues -- what we've had to deal with has been different than what others have deal with. And I don't think -- I've never heard them dispute that. I think if there's anything that we did that I -- that we didn't mean to have it characterized the way it got characterized was when we sent a note to our employees talking about 75% of our delays were from air traffic control delays, which is true, but normally, it's 50% because of weather because weather is included in all of that. And so that's kind of what you expect. And so the difference between those two, it wasn't that 75% were air traffic control staffing delays and I don't think it read that way to our employees, but it certainly read that way to some people on the outside. And I actually apologized to Secretary who judge for that because that's not what we intended. But there was an incremental set of air traffic control delays. It was due to staffing. And weve read about it up and down the East Coast, not a secret to anyone. But the really good news is once we started talking about it, he gave the directive and he's personally keeping up with what's happening in those challenged areas of the country on the East Coast, and we've seen big improvement in July so far, even with like the issues that are Heathrow is a disaster. And with those kinds of issues, we're actually running a better airline than we did in 2019. So incredibly responsive and glad we had the open, honest conversation and appreciate the partnership and the ability to talk openly and honestly and move forward together.
Lori Aratani : Good. Do you see -- I know that you've said that they've been very responsive, and do you see this issue continuing though, for the rest of the year or into next year?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, I think the whole system is strained. I mean there's tight staffing everywhere. I mean, that's part of the -- that is the reason that we're pulling our capacity down and waiting to grow until the whole system catches up. It's not unique to the FAA. I mean, it's everything that touches -- I mean, almost everything in the whole economy, certainly, a big chunk of these that touch aviation are tight. And while you're theoretically scheduled, if it's a good weather day, and nobody calls in sick, that everything can work, there is weather and people do call in sick. And sometimes, the JetBridge breaks and the power goes out for 20 minutes and like stuff happens. And the system just doesn't have any buffer to deal with that. And that's -- at its core, that's why we pulled the schedule down to create more buffer, more resiliency for our customers.
Operator: Thank you. And now I would like to turn the call over to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz : Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 11:20:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2022. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Emily Zanetis, Manager of Investor Relations. Zan, you may go ahead.
Emily Zanetis: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assess the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Emily, and thank you all for joining us today. I want to start this morning by saying a huge thank you to the United team. Our mission is uniting people and connecting the world and the foundation of United's success will always be the strength of our people. In the first quarter of this year, our team members continued to go above and beyond to take care of our customers and each other in what was a really difficult industry operating environment. The United team is stronger than ever. Our customers are seeing it, and I, along with the entire leadership team are grateful to them. Our United Next strategy is firmly on track, and we're well on our way to our goal to build the biggest, best, and most profitable major airline in the history of the industry. Even during the early days of the pandemic, we were determined to do much more than just survive the pandemic and get back to normal. We've spent the last two years getting United Airlines ready for this moment. We finally reached the inflection point as we transition from pandemic to endemic, and demand is stronger than I've ever seen in my career, and that's even before business travel fully recovers. Though it continues to accelerate at a rapid pace and before international, especially Asia, fully recovers. We expect that will lead to the best TRASM and highest quarterly revenue in our history in 2Q, and despite the higher fuel prices. We're forecasting approximately a 10% operating margin this quarter. The rapid acceleration we're seeing in business and long haul as they move to catch up still strong domestic leisure demand gives us great confidence in the future outlook. But there are three reasons we believe investors should think that the hard work and strategic thinking that we're focused during the pandemic have United best positioned going forward. The first, the United brand and customer preference. Throughout the pandemic, we've talked about our desire to de-commoditize air travel. And we've told you how strong our NPS scores are. If I look back at history, what we're really doing is trying to replicate what Continental successfully accomplished back in the '90s and Delta did about 15 years ago. Those two airlines shifted to a strong customer focus, and customers began to choose them because of their improved customer interactions and brands. The result was rapid improvement in relative TRASM, which led to rapid improvement in cash flow and earnings, which led to significant stock price outperformance. For anyone paying attention, there have been hints, but the same thing was happening at United throughout the pandemic, as we led major carriers in TRASM seven out of the last eight quarters. But that really was the warm-up. I recognize we still have a lot to prove, and we must keep executing, but our TRASM outlook for 2Q is another strong indicator that customers are now choosing United much like they began choosing Continental and Delta 30 and 15 years ago. Second, CASM-ex. There are a lot of industry pressures on capacity and CASM-ex, but I'm confident that United is set up to outperform by a wide margin. We do have timing issues with 777s Boeing delivery delays and all the industry infrastructure required to bring capacity back reliably. And doing so reliably is our top focus. But ultimately, our gauge is going to grow approximately 30% by 2026. And that, more than anything, is going to drive the significant CASM-ex outperformance we expect at the same time improving the product for our customers. Three, United is uniquely positioned to benefit from fading COVID headwinds. As Andrew will detail, business travel is rapidly returning, but it's still not fully recovered, and we expect United will benefit more than any other airline as that recovery continues, and international, especially Asia, is far from fully recovered. United is just more exposed to those sectors that we expect to have the most acceleration in the coming quarters. If you're going to invest in airlines, I think any of those three reasons should move United to the top of your pecking order. But I'll give you one more, I think, underappreciated reason for why you should invest in airlines in the first place. At United, we've talked in the past about the vastly improved supply dynamics in the long-haul international markets, but we've been worried about the domestic markets. For reasons I'll describe, I now think the domestic market is also going to be robust. I think every single person listening to this call that has a spreadsheet with a forecast of industry capacity in the years to come is wrong and probably wrong by a lot. The pilot shortage for the industry is real, and most airlines are simply not going to be able to realize their capacity plans because there simply aren't enough pilots, at least not for the next five plus years. Given the work that we've done on our brand and customer experience, United, of course, isn't having any problems hiring pilots. We are always top tier for pilot pay. Have a ton of growth opportunities for pilots coming soon. And we have, by far, the largest number of higher wide -- higher paying wide-body flights and positions. But that's not all. United increasingly is where employees, including airline pilots, want to build a career. They see the lucrative financial opportunities that I just mentioned, but they also recognize that United is an airline where they can be proud to work. From running a consistently top-tier operation to exciting new investments in our customers' experience to supersonic aircraft orders to being a force for good in the communities we serve. We're building an airline that leads, and that is where the best in the industry want to build a long-term career. In fact, we now see a lot of pilots from other airlines applying to be pilots at United, and that's new behavior. While we are in a good position for the smaller and mid-tier airlines, there just aren't enough pilots to staff their growth aspirations. The other really large airlines will also probably be able to attract enough pilots. But for anyone else, I just don't think it's mathematically possible to meet the pilot demand for the capacity plans that are out there. You can already see the issues that are occurring at multiple, smaller and mid-tier airlines over pilot shortages. And looking forward, when United alone is ramping up to hire about 200 pilots per month, that situation is only going to get worse. This is not a temporary issue. Because of that, I now think the domestic TRASM environment is going to be much stronger in the years to come than we previously thought because supply is going to be constrained by lack of pilots. You put all that together, and we feel very bullish. The last two years have obviously taught us that macro events can quickly change our outlook. But our 2Q base expectation has us just 350 basis points shy of our 2019 adjusted operating margin, and we expect that our plans to bring the 777s back continue to gradually add back capacity and grow gauge are going to drive CASM-ex down significantly from their still COVID elevated levels. We're also confident that the robust business travel recovery still has a lot of room to run, and we anticipate improvement in long-haul Asia that is not yet reflected in our revenue results. That means we're more confident than ever that we'll meet or exceed our approximately 9% adjusted pretax margin target for next year, and particularly with our view of the supply dynamics in both domestic and international getting to at least our 14% target for 2026 seems pretty straightforward. I've been in this industry for a long time now and seen some ups and lots of big downs. Looking back, there seems to be about once in a decade opportunity where the sentiment gets so bearish and the actual future outlook is so different from that sentiment that there's a significant outperformance for airline stocks for a few years. I think supply constraints, pilots being the biggest one, means this is that time again. And when that's happened in the past, the whole industry tends to do well, but usually one or two airlines do much better than the rest of the pack. We've already listed the reasons above, and I suppose I'm not entirely objective, but it sure seems like United is a bet you want to make in that environment. Before I turn it over to Brett, I want to congratulate our CFO, Jerry Laderman, on becoming a first time grandfather. I'm sure you'll hear the excitement in his voice later today. Well, maybe not. But I promise you, Jerry is really excited. And congratulations to that cute baby grandson. Brett?
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. Last month, we were honored to be included in Times 100 most influential companies for 2022. Our placement on Times list last quarter coincided with the announcement of Scott's appointment to the Homeland Security Advisory Council and the White House's announcement of my appointment to President Biden's Board of Advisers on historically black colleges and universities. United continues to be firmly committed to being a leader in corporate America and investing in the future of our company for both customers and employees. We're proud to be recognized for the hard work the entire United family over the last year. Becoming the best airline means not only being an industry leader on safety and innovation, but also reliably getting our customers where they want to go on time and with their bags. Throughout the pandemic, and during the recent recovery, commercial aviation system has been stressed by supply chain constraints and staffing shortfalls at the FAA, TSA, and airport vendors, among other factors. All of which test the stability of every airline's operation. Some airlines built larger schedules that tested the limits of what they could operate, leaving their customers and their reputation to pay the price. United shows a different path. We anticipated many of these challenges even taking steps on our own to mitigate them. Importantly, we also made a conscious decision to prioritize our operational reliability by limiting the size of our schedule. That decision may have cost us some profits in the near-term, but it's the right long-term decision for our customers, our company and the bottom-line. We'll continue to use that approach as we plan to add capacity in the months ahead. In recent weeks, the people of United and our customers have come together to assist the people of Ukraine. United has donated $100,000 and more than 2 million frequent flyer miles to help transport relief workers and supplies to those on the front line of the crisis. As early as March, we announced one raising efforts to support our humanitarian relief partners, and our customers stepped up being as they so often do. They donated 12.6 million frequent flyer miles and nearly $0.5 million to provide health care, shelter, food, and other lifesaving services to refugees. We appreciate our customers' generosity and are proud to team with them to support the victims of the conflict in Ukraine. We continue to make progress towards our hiring needs as we look towards United Next. This January, we celebrated opening our Aviate Academy in Arizona and welcome the next generation of pilots to the United family. This flight training school is the first of its kind, and we believe it will help to maintain a pipeline of qualified pilot candidates for United as our industry looks to combat the pilot shortage. We are particularly proud of providing the opportunity for aspiring pilots from diverse background to study and train at the Aviate Academy. Over the next eight years, we plan to train 5,000 new pilots at Aviate. With the goal of at least half being women or people of color. We are also continuing our path as the industry leader in sustainability. United remains the only airline that is committed to becoming 100% green by reducing 100% of our greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 without relying on traditional carbon offsets. And in 2021, we established a strong midterm goal of reducing our carbon intensity to 50% compared to 2019 by the year 2035. Our dedication to creating a greener tomorrow through real change is stronger than ever. We are investing in solutions that have the potential to actually reduce and ultimately remove the emissions from flying. In March, we announced a collaboration with Biotech Cemvita to commercialize the production of sustainable aviation fuel. While we are proud to have invested in more sustainable aviation production than any other airline in the world, we're also focused on making solutions like these scalable for the future. We also continue to engage with cross-industry partners and policymakers to support the case for urgent climate action. Through these and other actions, we are committed to making a real difference in climate change. A key part of our sustainability progress will be enabled by technology. But at United, we're also focused on using technology to enhance the travel experience. Currently, nearly three quarters of our customers use our app on the day of travel. A valuable tool that helps our customers manage their travel instead of having to call the contact center or speak with an agent. While this helps our employees to be more efficient, we know from our survey data that customers who use our mobile app are more satisfied with their experience with United. This is why we continue to invest in new features like enhanced flight search options, better visibility into flight credits, contactless payment through the United Wallet and a new bag drop shortcut, allowing you to zip through the airport lobby faster when you check a bag in the airport -- before arriving at the airport. As we adapt to COVID-19 becoming an endemic, we need our customer and employee experience to reflect this new phase. We are pleased to see indoor mask requirements are now gone for 99% of the country as well as onboard domestic flights, select international flights depending on arrival countries mask requirements and at U.S. airports. We strongly believe the administration should eliminate the predeparture testing requirements for transportation as well. While travel demand is surging, we believe eliminating these requirements will ease the travel experience for our customers. In closing, I would like to express appreciation to our entire United team who has been critical throughout this inflection point. While we've always remain committed to our United Next strategy. The recent momentum and demand environment gives us even more confidence in United's path forward. I'll now hand it over to Andrew to discuss this in more detail.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. I normally start each earnings call with an update on the previous quarter's revenue performance. However, today, it just seems more appropriate to start off with our Q2 outlook. We've clearly passed a major inflection point with demand and yields and have a confident view of the future. Q2 TRASM is expected to be up 17% versus Q2 of '19, a step change increase from our Q1 TRASM was down 3%. We're confident that United is currently set up to achieve record TRASM and revenue results in the second quarter. The revenue inflection point started in March with TRASM up 9% versus 2019. Revenue momentum is coming from just about every category, including higher yields, ancillary seat sales, strong premium leisure demand, MileagePlus, rebound in business demand and a record sudden season across the Atlantic this summer. Even parts of Asia are rebounding. We often have talked about United's high exposure to business traffic and the resulting headwind that the pandemic caused. United produced industry-leading TRASM results during most of the pandemic even when faced with this substantial headwind. Now with business traffic rapidly recovering, I expect United to have a tailwind versus more leisure-focused carriers, a fact, I think, we can see in our Q2 guidance. Business revenue for the last few weeks has been down about 30% with the last week now down only 20% versus the same period in 2019. Large corporations are now returning to travel at a faster rate than small. This is really important to United's Q2 outlook. As of last week, business yields are now close to up 10% ahead of 2019. Given these revenue trends, business TRASM contribution is expected to be approximately 100% of 2019 levels soon. After all the debates about the return of business traffic, it's nice to see this important milestone inside even with many businesses not fully back in the office. Demand for business, leisure and cargo traffic continues to be strong even as we pass on 100% of the fuel price increase versus '19. The United bookings for Q2 are strong, and we believe we still have sufficient room to sell peak period travel at robust yield. Yield momentum is generally very strong across most of our regions. Across the Atlantic, we expect to grow by 25% this summer, becoming the largest airline in that region for the first time. We also see momentum in Australia and many other countries that have opened their borders and expect further gains when the inbound U.S. test requirements are relaxed. In Q2, we expect to operate Pacific capacity down about 65% versus '19 and Latin American capacity up 9% versus '19. Cargo continues to produce strong results with revenues up 26% in Q1 of 2022 versus 2021 and up 119% versus 2019. Ocean shipping and supply chain disruptions continue to boost our revenue outlook for cargo. During the pandemic, we found many traditional United structural advantages, including our business-centric postal health and long-haul network to be temporary disadvantages. United's network during the pandemic, even with all the changes we implemented was simply less focused on domestic markets, small communities, Florida and near Latin America, which all performed better during the pandemic. And our Pratt Whitney 777s were grounded, which meant we couldn't take full advantage of strength to and from Hawaii. Imagine now United's revenue potential in the context of our Q2 guide on areas which have been structural advantages, including business traffic, coastal gateways and global long haul fully bounced back combined with a new moderate and fuel-efficient fleet. Imagine the United where 50-seat single-class jets only fly to small communities and don't compete against competitors operating mainline jets at a fraction of the unit cost. Imagine a world where United offers premium seats everywhere our competitors do when in the past, we often had none. We have a hard time imagining these things and the impact on our revenues. I just want to point you to our Q2 revenue guide. Global long-haul flying is an area where we have a structural advantage. Opening of the border is transformational for us. We are confident that retaining all of our wide-body jets during the pandemic was the right call. As we think about growth potential for the long haul, we remain bullish on all of the long-haul opportunities. I've often talked about the challenges we expect on the domestic front in the coming years with supply growing faster than demand. However, we increasingly doubt the ability of the industry to execute on previously planned growth levels. There is no single fix to issues constraining capacity, and as a result, there's no quick fix. At a macro level, we expect less supply in the coming years. However, we still expect industry capacity growth to be more elevated in Florida, smaller communities where United has less exposure. With this updated domestic outlook, our view of the revenue performance and profitability of domestic flying has improved. We have confidence in our ability to execute our United next plan with known constraints, the largest, of course, being the pilot shortage. The pandemic delayed many of our commercial initiatives, including the full rollout of Premium Plus and Polaris cabins on the long-haul fleet. But today, we are nearing the end of these projects so that we have a consistent and leading project. We continue to offer basic economy with even more flexibility to our customers seeking the best possible price. Our investments in planes, clubs and gates will be transformational. We'll provide our customers with choices that others don't offer across multiple product types and desired service levels, along with the very best global network and the very best partners of any U.S. carrier. I wanted to thank the entire United team for their dedication over the last two years, we're set up well for the future and that future begins today. With that, I will hand it off to Gerry.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2022, we reported a pretax loss and an adjusted pretax loss of around $1.8 billion. Our CASM-ex ended the quarter in line with the guidance we provided last month at up 18% versus first quarter 2019. Looking ahead, even with the elevated fuel prices, which we expect to persist for a while, right now, we are seeing our revenue more than cover the increased fuel cost and as a result, we expect to achieve meaningful pretax income in the second quarter. Furthermore, based on our current revenue expectations, we also expect to produce a pretax profit for the full-year 2022. We currently expect our CASM-ex to be up around 16% in the second quarter on capacity down around 13% both versus the second quarter of 2019. We also expect that our unit costs will continue to sequentially improve over the remaining quarters of 2022 as the 52 grounded 777 aircraft returned to normal service, we start to take delivery of additional large narrow-body aircraft and our aircraft utilization increases. We believe these capacity levers will drive a step function change in CASM-ex through 2022 as the relationship between our capacity growth and CASM-ex improvement continues to meet our expectations. Our team has done a tremendous job managing all the costs under our control, and we expect that focus to continue. However the impact of continuing elevated inflation and the exact timing of the 777 return to service generally makes precise forecasting difficult. Nonetheless, we are confident that our CASM-ex exit rate for the year will set us up well for 2023 and beyond. Turning to fleet. As you know, new aircraft deliveries constitute the vast majority of our capital expenditures. We are reducing our adjusted CapEx expectations for the year by approximately $600 million to $5.3 billion as a result of supply chain and manufacturing challenges pushing some of our expected 787 and 737 MAX deliveries from this year to next year. While it is difficult to say with precision how many aircraft may fly, right now we are assuming two of eight 787s and seven of 53 737 MAXs will slip to 2023. Those aircraft will join the 737 MAX 8, 9 and 10 as well as Airbus A321neos we expect to take delivery of next year. Bringing into our fleet the aircraft we have on order is critical to the success of United Next and to our ability to continue to bring meaningful improvements in both CASM-ex and fuel efficiency. Turning to balance sheet and cash. We ended the quarter with $20 billion in available liquidity. Our Treasurer, Pam Henry, and I regularly discuss our optimal level of cash. Now keep in mind, we have both been around the industry for a long time, so it is difficult for us to think in terms of too much cash. However it is fair to say that as the recovery continues, you will see us reduce our cash as we begin the deleveraging journey. In fact, we started this journey in the first quarter as we elected to prepay an unsecured maturity previously scheduled for repayment later this year, in addition to making our normally scheduled principal payments. This resulted in our total debt declining by over $700 million during the quarter. Furthermore, in the first quarter, United produced $1.5 billion of cash flow from operations driven largely by an over $2 billion increase in our advanced ticket liability. We're pleased that our operating cash generation is approaching 2019 levels as an additional indication of the recovery's progress. I want to close by reiterating our confidence in our 2023 and 2026 earnings targets. We remain committed to achieving an adjusted pretax margin of approximately 9% next year and continue to have confidence in our 2026 target of about 14%, representing profitability well above 2019 levels. As we move into the second quarter, I want to thank my finance team for their dedication to remaining nimble and focused on our long-term goals. Our profitability outlook for both the second quarter and full-year is a welcome milestone for all of us as we redouble our focus on United's path ahead. Looking even further ahead, since Scott mentioned my newborn grandson Ezra, I can tell you that I am now more focused than ever to ensure that when Ezra grows up, he will recognize United as the airline people want to fly and where employees are proud to work and perhaps, most importantly, for his generation, the airline that has met all of its commitments to the environment. And with that, I'll pass it to Emily to start the Q&A.
Emily Zanetis: Thanks, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And from Raymond James, we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Just given the pilot commentary on the call, I'm just kind of curious what role you see your regional partners playing and what that means to your kind of hub-and-spoke strategy?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Savi. It's Andrew. When we developed the United Next plan a while ago, we assumed that there would be a much smaller contribution of regional flying in the plan, and we're marching down that road. It is more accelerated than we planned, but it is kind of where we thought this was going a while ago. So I think we're fine with that. And I think we are rejigging the network is probably the best term to make sure that we can generate the appropriate level of revenues with this new service level in the smaller communities. And I think our outlook for Q2 says we're actually doing that really well. And so our reliance on regional jets is going to be dramatically lower in the future. That being said, we still plan to operate close to 300 of these aircrafts, most of them being large regional jets in the future, along with our CRJ-550s, and so we have a spot at United flying to smaller communities because that is the right aircraft but just a lot less than what it used to be.
Savanthi Syth: Makes sense. And talking about, Andrew, just to follow up a little bit. Could you -- that's really helpful kind of revenue color, but I was just curious on the peak versus off-peak performance because that was a trend that you saw really strong peaks and maybe offtake is not as strong and how you're thinking about as we exit the peak summer travel period.
Andrew Nocella: I think we're going to see -- I think one of the most important things I said earlier was the RASM from business travel as actually approaching and will be [100% of] (ph) 2019. So we now view business traffic as almost fully returned, particularly given the level of capacity that were all seeing in the marketplace. As we exit the summer, we will rely on more on business traffic and we have a high degree of confidence that, that's just going to be perfectly fine, and we're going to continue to accelerate as we go through the fourth quarter with October being an incredibly strong business month given where we see business trends today. So we're very bullish on business. And again, it's nice to see after all of the debate about how much would come back and when it would come back that we are approaching 100% from a revenue recovery. And we have a long way to go because the offices have not fully returned yet. Everybody is still not in their office. So we think there's actually more upside there than maybe a lot of people thought just a few months ago.
Operator: We have Conor Cunningham [MKM Partners]. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you for the time. I realize that earnings and margins matter the most, but a lot's changed since the United Next plan and puts and takes are kind of evolving. When you look at the United Next plan, where are you willing to be the most flexible with? Like it just seems that the CASM-ex target is just too correlated to deliveries, and that's the most impressive. Again, I realize that margins matter the most and all that stuff. But just how do you plan on navigating the timing issues of some of those stuff?
Scott Kirby: I'll start, and I'll let Gerry add. You're absolutely right that margins matter the most. And things have changed a little bit. But the basic vision, the basic strategy remains intact. And inflation is higher than we thought. We built high inflation in over a year ago, and we thought we were being conservative, but I think everyone has been surprised by how high inflation has been. So inflation is higher than we thought. We even got -- like this year, we got a full point of CASM-ex headwind from revenue-related expenses, which is a good reason to have higher CASM. So we do have higher inflation pressures. We also have, separately, timing issues. This is principally around the 777, to a lesser degree, Boeing deliveries. But the 777 is our biggest, lowest CASM airplane, and that is going to be a step function change once we get that full fleet back up and flying. We just don't know for sure what it's going to happen. It's taken longer than we had hoped. So there's timing issues, but the absolute level will be higher just because of inflation, I think. But the important point is the real structural drivers that are important there for margin are how we are going to be growing gauge and what gauge and growth mean. And so I think the inflation raises the bar, the tide for everyone. And what we already see happening right now, that tends to impact low-cost carriers more than it impacts us. It means that we more than recover 100% of inflationary cost increases. And so the most important thing is what sort of happens, I think, to the relative CASM. And there's nothing that's changed about that because it's mostly about gauge. Most of that is just gauge growth, and that's just the math. We're the last big airline to do it, and that's just math of what's coming. But I also think what's encouraging, you've mentioned margin. The fact that we're 350 basis points already away from 2019 margins with whatever you think the CASM-ex number is going to ultimately get to however high inflation is, it's going to be meaningfully better than the 16% we have in this quarter, and that's going to go straight to the margin. In the revenue environment, look, I think we're in the first -- this is really kind of the coming-out party for the real return of business travel and international travel in this quarter. We are in the first inning of that recovery and got to be upside on revenue as well. That's why just barring something bad happening in the world, 2023 getting to 2019 margin levels seems pretty easy. Gerry?
Gerald Laderman: Yes, just to give you a little bit more comfort, so in a world where what we're seeing continues for a while, this sort of high single-digit inflation, that really only translates to a couple of percent on CASM-ex. And as Scott said, revenue is more than making up for that. So you're not going to see dramatically different numbers on CASM-ex. But everything we're seeing makes us very comfortable that those margin targets are going to be achieved.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Great, and then I think next year, there seems to be a misconception with your deliveries next year on the MAXs that they're like all MAX 10 aircrafts. And I don't think that's the case, but you guys haven't quantified how many deliveries you're expecting from the MAX 10 version. Can you provide a number for that for 2023? And then if there is a delay, what's the optionality that you have to kind of backfill some of that capacity or deliveries in next year specifically? Thank you.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, so we can't be specific because we don't know exactly when the first MAX 10 delivery will be, and that then dictates how many. But we never had a plan to take all of next year's deliveries as MAX 10. In fact, it was less than half of the deliveries for next year. And so we'll wait and see, I am confident we'll get the MAX 10 but you should talk to Boeing about the exact timing of when that first MAX 10 will be delivered. In the -- but in terms of flexibility, they are producing plenty of MAX 8 to 9s for us. And so there can always be a little bit of a shift in timing of when 9s or 8s are delivered versus 10. But we're comfortable we're going to take 8s, 9s, and 10s next year.
Conor Cunningham: Okay, thank you.
Gerald Laderman: Operator?
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, thanks. On the issue of constraints for United and the industry, can you talk about constraints for United this year? We've had some discussion in the past about aircraft delivery rate. But in terms of your specific sort of reduction in growth, how much of that is pilot-related versus aircraft delivery rate or the timing which you referred to on the 777s? And could you expand on why you think the industry is going to be short pilots for more than a little bit of time, more -- certainly more than 2022?
Scott Kirby: Okay. I'll start, and Gerry or Andrew can add. The biggest issue that we have well, first on capacity is we don't have a labor shortage. We've hired 6,000 people this year. We're hiring 200 pilots a month. That's not an issue for us. The biggest issue is 777. That's 10% of our capacity, and they're grounded. The other issue is just we're realizing that the whole infrastructure is not set up to snap back to these rapid growth rates. I mean it's not just us. It's the FAA, TSA, fuel vendors. There's all -- even if we have enough people, which we do, all of those constraints get in the way of a reliable schedule. And we're just not willing -- we made so much progress with customers during the pandemic and really building the United brand. I think that's going to be the most enduring change that we're not willing to sacrifice that customer goodwill for the possibility of short-term profits. And so -- and month-to-date, we're number one in on-time performance, number one in completion factor. So it's paying off for our customers. The pilot shortage, I'll to give you some numbers. So we did a deep dive on pilots because we're trying -- all of our regionals weren't able to hire and are having problems. And I think we've got 150 airplanes grounded right now. They're never going to come back, I assume. And so we did a really deep dive on it. It turns out that the industry over historically produces between 5,000 and 7,000 pilots a year, mostly closer to 5,000, but can produce up to 7,000 pilots per year, got a little lower during COVID. This year, the industry's intent is to hire 13,000 pilots. And given the growth aspirations of other airlines, it's even more next year. But there are only 5,000 to 7,000 available. That was an epiphany for us. And by the way, that probably can't be fixed quick put. You could set up flight schools to get people to $25 you get their first license pretty easily. But they got to get from 25 hours to 1,500 hours, and that just doesn't exist today. So in that 5,000 to 7,000, like over a few years, that 7,000 could probably go up. I don't think it's getting to 13,000 anytime in the next five or six years. When you look at that 5,000, if it's a 5,000, United Airlines is literally going to hire half of them. Half of them are to United Airlines. So this is, I think, underappreciated factor, and it's just not quick to fix.
Duane Pfennigwerth: That's great detail, Scott I'd appreciate that. I guess along those lines, is this idea going to influence your capacity as well? So given the epiphany of this pilot math, and you're and a couple of others willing to really kind of protect the operation, does that influence more than 2022? Is that a 2023 influence as well and beyond?
Scott Kirby: Not yet. We're focused on getting to where we can hire 200 pilots a month and successfully get them all through the training. All the upgrade is happening I've watched this -- this is pretty in the leads. But if you read some of the blogs and what some of the other pilots here are saying, see a lot of struggle. It's not easy to upgrade to build -- to go from steady state kind of hiring to a step marks increase. And it's not just growth. There's so many retirements that have been going through COVID. that everyone sort of has a step function increase. And it's amazing to read some of the stuff about the constraints that are happening to the other airlines.. We've gotten ahead of it. We had some bumps by the way. We had some things where we were behind and had some bumps, but our team has gotten ahead of it and feel really good that we're going to hit the -- we can get the 200 pilots a month. But we've also learned a lot about having to meter it in. Like take the 777. We're going to go overnight from -- for 42 airplanes that are -- or 44 airplanes that are flying to 96. So we're going to more than double the fleet. Earlier, we thought we would ramp that in really quickly. We would not realize that's going to take time. This is part of the CASM timing issue. Like we're probably even if we get them done into this month, it will probably be nine months before we get all of them flying. It's just going to take longer because the systems are just not set up to do it. And that's okay because it's just a timing issue. But we feel really good about our ability to hire. And I want to make sure we're executing solidly before we decide to go any faster. But I think it is a strategic advantage for United, in particular, we're the best place. If you're a pilot like we are the best place to go. There's some other good ones and there are some that aren't good. I think it is a strategic advantage because it will be a shortage. It is a shortage.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Good morning everybody. I was kind of hoping for a bullish call.
Scott Kirby: Always the best lines, Jamie.
Jamie Baker: First question.
Scott Kirby: I never want to get, though, is that all you got.
Jamie Baker: Yes, all right. Well, don't earn it. All right. My monosyllabic claim to fame, I suppose. A question for Andrew recognizing that Asian RASM was historically lower than system. Is there a way to identify how much of the 17% RASM guide in the second quarter benefits from Asia still being shut down for the most part?
Andrew Nocella: Good question. I don't have that number off the top of my head. But I can tell you, there are parts of Asia that are rebounding pretty rapidly, including Australia and Asia, and Korea is obviously in Asia. But Japan and China have not. But what I will tell you is that our cargo strength in that direction is incredibly strong. So from a TRASM point of view, relative to 2019, compared to other regions of the world, it is behind the other regions of the world but maybe less than you would otherwise think.
Jamie Baker: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Scott, I got to admit you piqued my interest when you made a quick reference to the Continental renaissance. I personally remember that both as a junior analyst, the Continental passenger and, even for a period of time, a Continental employee. So it definitely struck a chord with me. Not sure if Gerry would want to weigh in as well, given he was there at the time that you referenced. But can you expand on that bit of history and why it's even relevant for UAL and your shareholders right now?
Scott Kirby: Yes. And then I'm going to tell a funny story to embarrass both Gerry and Andrew at the end of it. But what happened, look, Delta deserves credit, they did the same thing 15 years ago, 10 or 15 years ago. Is they built brands around customers choosing them. They changed how people felt. They changed how the employees felt. They changed how the customers felt and people -- customers started to choose to fly those airplanes. So they prove is that air travel does not have to be a commodity. And everyone says it but a very few people do it. And I think those are two examples that were done. I think we've been doing it during the pandemic, and we've got a lot to prove. Acknowledged. We've got a long way to go. We're not there. But we've told you the NPS numbers. Like I have anecdotes galore from customers, from people on Capitol Hill from other CEOs and other industries about how different it feels to flying United. Our people are proud of what we've done. They're proud of what we stand for. They're proud of, Gerry mentioned, sustainability for Ezra. They're proud of that. They're proud of the work we're doing for diversity into the Aviate Academy. They just -- they feel like we're leading again. And that flows through to an energy of taking care of customers and focusing on customers like. Look, you go on an airplane and ask employees, ask pilots ask flight and [indiscernible] how they feel about their airline tell them why, you're going to get a different answer at United and you're going to get a bunch of airlines. And that's what happened at those other two airlines. That's the key to -- we're a people business, and that's the key to greatness is to actually have a brand that customers believe. We've always had the best hubs at United Airlines, and that's been a frustrating thing for employees, for investors. Like you look at the hubs at United, we never realized our potential. Realizing our potential, it was about one fix in the gauge, which also fixes the product but also building a brand for United Airlines. And that's what we're doing now. You can already see it. I mean the fact that probably we'll be number one this quarter, again, that will be eight or nine quarters. Despite the fact that all of the last nine quarters, I'm including the second quarter, we have still the biggest headwind. Business travel is not as recovered as domestic leisure and international travel. We still have the biggest headwind and yet we're number one like just wait for those two things or back. And the embarrassing story, I'll say, I said this on one of our calls, one of our A team 18 calls, and Jerry like disappeared from the screen, [indiscernible]. He comes back and he has a T-shirt from the days of Continental that I don't remember what I said on the front on the back and have the stock price compared to the S&P 500. And Andrew is like, oh, I've got a T-shirt somewhere too, but I can't find it. Anyway, that's what is happening at United. Gerry, do you want to add anything?
Gerald Laderman: Jamie, two things. One, this will be a great conversation for you and I to continue next week at the Wings Club launch. So I invite people to attend that. The other thing is, look, I was there, then you're right, and I saw what was happening. And this isn't -- just say, this has been going on now for several years here. The same exact kind of focus everywhere in the business. One example are the aircraft, not just the incredible new MAXs. We're taking with the most customer-pleasing interiors in the industry. But the fact that we're retrofitting all of the older aircraft, it's for our customers, but it's also for our crews. It's a place they're proud to work. And it shows, so just a lot of similarities. I'm sure the same thing happened with Delta that 15 years ago. I wasn't there then from the outside, but yes, it's just very, very similar.
Scott Kirby: I'll add another point, which is this is going to be a record quarter for United. What we didn't talk about was Q2 of '19 was a record quarter for United. And I think that's really relevant. The momentum is incredible, and it's incredible off of an unbelievably great quarter in our history and one of the best ones ever. So...
Jamie Baker: Well, listen, I appreciate you bringing the topic up. It's, quite honestly, something that I hadn't really thought of yet. So it definitely gives me something to ponder. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Scott Kirby: You should all fly United experience, shareholders and employees.
Jamie Baker: I leave the Wings Club and I pack my bag. I'm leaving the next day. So I'll give you a report. Take care.
Scott Kirby: Brandon, we have the next question please.
Operator: We have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hey, good morning everyone. Good results, good outlook. Gerry, congratulations. So you get my single question here, and it has to just do with jet fuel prices in the New York market. I'm curious -- I mean, I realize that the colonial pipeline, I think, I guess, it terminates about a mile south of Newark, but we've heard that the flows have been lately up. How are you addressing that the fuel issue in the New York market? And maybe you are getting fuel again from the Colonial or maybe you're tankering in. What are you doing to address it? And maybe give us a sense like what percent of your [indiscernible] today maybe is near New York harbor? Appreciate it. Thanks.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Mike. First, let me point out that the dislocation in that. Market has moderated. It's different in crack spread two weeks ago was measured in dollars. Now it can be measured in cents at least. It is still elevated as you compare New York to Gulf Coast, let's say. And so we -- yes, we do have a number of options. One is the pipeline, we also can resort as needed to tankering. And so we're comfortable with our exposure. And with the problem sort of going away, that is helpful.
Michael Linenberg: Great. And then just a quick one here. Just Andrew, when we look at cargo revenue, over $600 million, I mean it's been fantastic to run over the past couple of years. But presumably, that's not just the growth rate not being sustainable, but maybe the absolute level because I do believe you were still flying some airplanes cargo only. Does that level off? Do we see that sort of max out at some level as you move airplanes back into passenger service? Just your thoughts on that? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I think there's a little bit less room in the bellies when there's a lot of luggage on board. So there is an offset. And some of the airplanes go to places that don't have strong cargo demand, but have strong passenger demand. However, that's offset by the fact that there's 52 777s, which are gigantic cargo machines, that are not flying. So those 52 aircraft are going to add, as Scott said, over the next nine months, reenter service, providing a lot more overall belly capacity. So that's my view on that. Should we expect yields which are at record highs for cargo to start to moderate a bit? Absolutely. And we have that in our outlook and still feel really good about where we're going because of the belly capacity of the 777 coming back online from a total revenue perspective.
Michael Linenberg: Very good. Thanks for that. Thanks everyone.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Ravi Shanker. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Scott, you said in your prepared remarks also in the media yesterday, this is an unprecedented revenue environment in your career. With your commentary on the pilot shortage, it seems like a pretty unprecedented capacity constraint as well. So that puts the industry in a pretty sweet spot. Usually, when demand outstrips supply, that results in a pretty strong pricing environment that you're seeing right now. But do you think the industry is also at the cusp of a multi-quarter long-term RASM or PRASM upside dynamic. A, kind of how long do you think that lasts? And b, do you think there is a point of demand disruption here where consumers at some point may not be able to take it?
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start with demand destruction. I don't think we're anywhere close to that, and I'll first give you a micro view, then a macro view. We're just getting back on real dollar basis to where we were before the pandemic. Air travel remains a great value, a great bargain. I bet many of you when you go on vacation pay more for one night at your hotel or pay more for your rental car or, in some cases, pay more for your Uber or taxi to get to the airport than you do for your airfare. Air travel remains a great bargain. I don't think we're anywhere close to the demand destruction point of the curve. Another macro way to think about this is we're just now getting back to 2019 levels of revenue. But nominal GDP has grown by 16% since 2019. And normally, we track nominal GDP. And so from a macro level, I kind of look at it and think -- there's another 16% -- arguably, there's another 16% to go. And we got results that are strong as they are today. We got that. If you look at a micro level, business demand, not back yet, international coming back. Like all that makes sense that, I don't know if it's exactly 16%, but you would think that there is a pretty good way to go on the revenue recovery yet. So yes, I think travel is -- I think this is the first inning of the revenue, first real inning of the revenue in TRASM turnaround.
Ravi Shanker: Got it. And as a follow-up, I know it's only been a few days, but have you seen any pickup in domestic travel interest post the dropping of the mask mandates?
Scott Kirby: I don't think we -- no, it's a short answer. It's certainly not something we would be able to discern in data.
Ravi Shanker: Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: So Scott, as you think about the improvement in traffic that you're seeing, are you also seeing an increase, or maybe Andrew, in loyalty sign-ups and credit card acquisition?
Andrew Nocella: Helane, we're seeing an increase in everything. So in the MileagePlus front, we're doing record card acquisitions, record card spend, and our retention rate for the card is better than it's ever been. So it's just -- we're firing on all cylinders at this point, and MileagePlus is doing a great job of contributing these results.
Helane Becker: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then for Gerry, on the percentage of floating rate debt seems, I don't know, relatively high. So are you concerned about higher interest rates causing an increase in interest expense from that? Or is that the first step that you're thinking about paying debt?
Gerald Laderman: Well, first, I don't view actually our floating rate exposure as all that high, relatively speaking. The vast majority of our debt is fixed rate aircraft-related debt. So that's really not something we're particularly concerned about. And floating rate, the LIBOR is still at a relatively low level. So the floating rate, that's still perfectly attractive. Of course, the good part of floating rate debt is it's generally pre-payable without premium. So it is there to prepay, generally, not all of it right now, but a lot of it is. So that's not -- the current debt is not a concern. Obviously, as we move ahead into a higher interest rate environment, that may -- that will be factored in as to kind of how we manage the balance sheet.
Helane Becker: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien. Please go ahead.
Catherine O'Brien: Hey good morning everyone. Thanks much for the time. So this kind of touches on what you were answering to Ravi's question, Scott, but a conversation I was having a lot last year is when do we lap pent-up travel. It sounds like in your comments that both domestic and some international markets in Trans-Atlantic and LatAm are running well ahead of 2019 at the same time for the summer. I guess do you see that slowing at any point? And I guess, if you do like how should we think about long-haul international and corporate pent-up travel perhaps backfilling that? Or is this just like the wrong conversation to be having and we should be talking about something structural has happened to where we think demand for air travel is? Would love your thoughts. Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll give you my opinion, just opinion, and others can have different opinions. But I think you've almost answered the question. The answer to the question is I think there has been a structural change. And I'll go back one step like no one knows for sure. But no one has gotten the pandemic more right than United Airlines from the very beginning. I mean two years ago at this time, we weren't just a minority when we said business travel would come back in this entirety. We were a minority of one. Nobody thought that, and now we're going to do it this quarter and what I think is true. I've certainly personally experienced, talked to enough people is that once people get back traveling, you realize how much you've missed it and took it for granted before. It's not pent-up demand. It's a new higher level of travel. I am going to -- I'm certain confidently for the rest of my life, travel more, both on personal or family and vacations and things and on business. And I think there are a lot of people like that. Losing it for two years or for a year or however long people lost it, we are social creatures. We need to be with each other. We are more productive when we're together at a conference or when we're at dinner with a customer or a client than when we're doing a simple transaction on Zoom and the kids are talking in the background and you're reading your iPhone. It's just not the same. And once you get back traveling, people realize it's even more important. And we got a lot of -- we see it in our corporate accounts. They're kind of flatlined doing nothing, then they start traveling and they zoom past where they were. Look I think that's what's going to happen. You don't have to believe that to buy United Airlines stock or airline stocks because we're still 16% behind the trend line of where we were on GDP. I happen to believe that we are going to surpass, on a permanent sustainable basis, where we were before. But that's just one guy's opinion.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay. Great, maybe one for Gerry. I realize how difficult it is to time the decisions of the FAA on the 777 and the 78s. I guess just based on your latest conversations, do you have any broad stroke kind of upper and lower limits of where we should be thinking about capacity for this year and then maybe what that means for unit cost? Thanks so much for all the time.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, as we said, the capacity for this year is going to be driven largely by the timing of 777. So it will obviously improve over the course of the year. It's tough to put a precise number to it, as I said. What we do know though, is that the 777s in particular as well as the large narrow-bodies are all going to greatly benefit CASM, which is why we're comfortable that we will get to where we want to be by the end of the year on CASM.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay, thank you.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning everyone and congrats on the strong outlook here being back to normal. Andrew, I just wanted to follow-up. I think you guys explained it, but 100% RASM on business travel. So that just means adjusted for your capacity relative to where you were. Is that correct?
Andrew Nocella: That's correct because capacity is down a little bit. Yields are up for that component of traffic 10% and volume is down about 20% right now. So it's all mathematically getting as close to 100.
Brandon Oglenski: And I guess, what is the outlook on recovery on international business travel demand? Is that ramping up this summer as well? Or do you really need to see the testing requirement removed?
Andrew Nocella: Well, it is ramping up. So what I would tell you is in the current quarter, the business cabins are filled more with premium leisure business than traditional corporate business. The corporate business bookings across the Atlantic have largely returned to normal. So as we get into the summer, we do expect particularly going across the Atlantic, really decent business traffic relative to 2019 with revenue again at 100% or greater. The same is true in Latin America. It is a smaller business component than Europe. The same is not true for Asia, where we really haven't seen a meaningful recovery in business traffic at this point to the bulk of our Asian network.
Brandon Oglenski: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. From SIG, we have Chris Stathoulopoulos. Please go ahead.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So Scott, I couldn't agree with you more on the need for travel. On the look forward for business, how much of that is small to midsize versus corporates? And then what are you seeing on your survey work or other data that you look at with respect to the mix of large corporate buyers from health care, finance, tech, consulting and the like? Any changes in the mix, frequency and/or seasonality there? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: I'll start, the booking curve has changed. It's looking closer in than it did in 2019 is the first part. All the sectors are returning, some faster than others. Media, transportation, industrial seem to be moving quicker than technology. All that being said, I just want to point out San Francisco, which is a really important market to us. San Francisco, the top 16 metros in the United States, was a lag, and it was the number 16 in terms of recovery a month ago. It's now number eight. And so there's been a rapid bounce-back in San Francisco. So when I think we get the updated data, I think we're going to see technology is back to line. It's the only way I can explain what I've seen in the macro numbers for that. So I think we're really kind of bullish on that, and the numbers are supported in that case. Does that answer the question? Or do you have a follow-up?
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Yes, a follow-up is separate. Thank you for that color. So the comments about industry capacity estimates out there being wildly off and what feels like a renaissance, if you will, for unit revenues. Assuming we can get oil and hold it below $100 and your deliveries take place as expected and we moved deeper into this new stage of the recovery. Is there an opportunity what's holding you back from getting to those margin targets faster? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: I think we will get there faster.
Andrew Nocella: For 2023.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the smaller communities where your regional services had to pull back. Now what do you think the future is for some of those markets? Like do you think they'll ever have air service by network carrier again or they just going to have to figure something out? How do you see that developing?
Scott Kirby: We spent a lot of time talking to the small communities, and it's been really frustrating that many of these communities have left the United network. That doesn't mean they've lost all of their service in particular, so that's important to note. But I do think it's going to be a number of years before this can possibly change. And in the meantime, the smaller communities can expect a different level of service on much smaller aircraft is my expectation based on what I've been seeing in the industry to date. Even that's going to take time to spool up. So this is -- it's as frustrating for United as it is for those small communities, but this is where we are, and we're doing our best to maintain service to as many of them as we possibly can. But it's just -- we really are stretched. We're flying dramatically fewer regional jets today than we were in 2019. And we don't expect that to improve at all in the next few years.
Alison Sider: And just a separate question, are you seeing any signs of increased COVID-related absences among your employees? And is that something you're sort of doing any contingency planning for as the case numbers start to rise in parts of the country?
Scott Kirby: We are not seeing that. And in fact, was -- got really good news yesterday. For the first time in a long time, we have zero employees hospitalized for any complications from COVID, which is great, something we track closely what's happening and zero. So quite the opposite of what we're seeing.
Alison Sider: Thanks.
Operator: And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. I wanted to ask about some of the mechanics around your 777 return, what kind of work is still remaining to be done, what you're waiting on the FAA; and then what you're hearing from Boeing as far as the MAX certification, the MAX 10 certification and where that goes, that gives you confidence that those will start up in 2023? Thanks.
Gregory Hart: Okay, thanks for the question. This is Greg Hart. There's really two bodies of work underway on the 777. The first is we worked with Boeing and the FAA to be able to start the modification work on those aircrafts. We've got a number of aircraft complete, and that work continues. Also, there's the regulatory process that Boeing is working and Pratt & Whitney are working through with the FAA. We are in the final legs of that, and we appreciate Boeing's perhaps, and the FAA is focused on the issue and obviously expect the FAA at some point in the not-too-distant future to allow those aircraft to return safely to the air. Gerry, do you want to take the MAX 10 certification?
Gerald Laderman: Sure, yes, as you can expect, we are in regular communication with Boeing. They've been very good about keeping us informed on the time line for the certification for the MAX 10, which is why I said earlier I am confident that the MAX 10 will get certified and we'll fly it next year.
Justin Bachman: Great, thank you. On another topic, on the masks and the change in that policy this week, what are you've talked about passengers being able to return who are on a list for not complying with your policy? What are some of the issues that you're sorting through on who can return to United flights and who will not be allowed in the future related to that issue? Thank you.
Brett Hart: Yes. This is Brett Hart. As you can imagine, those who have been banned during this time period, it's for a range of behavior, and some are relatively straightforward. It's just refusal of where the mask in those conversations, we were able to handle in a reasonable manner. But there are those who -- behavior beyond just a general refusal to wear the mask. And so we will evaluate that behavior. And if that behavior presented a risk to our team members and to other customers, then those are individuals who -- it is less likely that we will welcome back to our airline. But as you can imagine, we're going to take a very thoughtful approach to evaluating this, and we'll be getting in touch with individuals who have been banned as time passes.
Justin Bachman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: From CNN, we have Chris Isidore. Please go ahead.
Chris Isidore: Given that the domestic yields are about where they were first quarter of 2019 and that business travel is not yet back up to normal level, do you have any sense as to how the leisure travel yields are compared to that first quarter of 2019? Are they up X percent? Can you give any guidance on that?
Gerald Laderman: They are definitely up. I'm sure all of our customers realize when they pass by a gas station out there that the price of fuel is dramatically higher. And therefore, our largest -- really our second largest cost component is dramatically higher at United. So leisure yields, along with business yields, are running ahead. Business yields already pointed out were 10% ahead of 2019 at this point as we look into the second quarter, and leisure yields are above that at this point as we look into the second quarter.
Chris Isidore: Above 10%, but you're not giving a number yet?
Gerald Laderman: No.
Operator: From TPG, we have David Slotnick. Please go ahead.
David Slotnick: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. I was wondering if you're continuing to be planning or have any plans in place just to deal with capacity issues at Newark this summer, I know that you've gotten sort of warning about problems with that again. And just given you the demand outlook, I wanted to know how you're planning to cope with all that.
Scott Kirby: Sure, I'll try to stay calm when I do this Newark answer. I mean, frankly, it's outrageous what's being allowed to happen at Newark. It is -- the airport has the theoretical capacity to fly 79 operations per hour. That's what the FAA says. That's in perfect conditions, which are rare at Newark. It is -- it was the most delayed airport in the country in 2016, again, in 2017, again in 2018, again in 2019. And the FAA has rules that limit the airport to 79 operations per hour, and they are letting airlines violate those rules. And they're just -- I don't know, it's unheard of behavior for me for the FAA to just let people break, brazenly break the rules. The two biggest offenders are Spirit Airlines and JetBlue. Spirit Airlines and JetBlue are paying the biggest price. Their customers -- I mean, it's a disaster for their customers because they're flying more flights in the airport can handle. They've canceled over 20% of their flights, one in five flights canceled, canceled, not delayed, canceled at Newark so far this month. I mean it's awful for their employees. It's awful for their customers. Unfortunately, our employees and our customers are collateral damage to that. It is time for the FAA to enforce their own rules. It's bad for consumers. It's terrible for consumers, what is being allowed to happen at Newark, it's simply time for the FAA to enforce the rules.
David Slotnick: But I mean aside from communicating what's going on to customers? Is there any way that you can help customers mitigate this, whether it's rerouting or redo capacity or something like that?
Scott Kirby: Well, customer should book on United because our -- as bad is -- while it's tough for us, our results are a whole lot better, and our team is doing a great job of taking care of customers. If you're going to fly out of Newark, I'd certainly encourage you to book on United.
David Slotnick: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to Emily Zanetis for closing remarks.
Emily Zanetis: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcasted without the Company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Kristina, you may begin.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs, concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our Earnings Release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines, for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to table at the end of our release. Joining us on our today to discuss our results and outlook are, Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team online available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before I get into the details of our fourth quarter and how were thinking about the year ahead, I wanted to share some brief observations about the recent developments regarding the rollout of 5G. Mostly, I want to thank the White House Secretary, Buttigieg, and the CEOs of AT&T and Verizon for finding and agreeing to an approach that mostly avoided what would have been severe disruption for passenger and cargo operations in this country. This wasn't an issue created by the airlines. Every carrier follows the rules dictated by the FAA. Since we first heard from the FAA about this issue in November, United has been a 100% engaged to underscore the severe risks of the 5G rollout posed to aviation but more importantly to bring people together and drive consensus around common sense solutions. And while we don't have a final resolution quite yet, I'm confident we'll get there. This problem has been resolved collaborative -- can be -- has been resolved collaboratively, allowing a fulsome rollout of 5G without significant impact to aviation in 40 countries around the world, and we can do the same thing here in the United States. While I wish it happened earlier, the good news is we now have everyone engaged, the FAA and DOT at the highest levels, the equipment aircraft manufacturers, airlines and the telecoms. And I'm confident we'll soon have a clear set of objective criteria that will allow a full rollout of 5G without significant impact to aviation. I'll close this part of my comments by once again thanking the administration and Secretary Buttigieg, but also a particular thank you to CEOs of AT&T and Verizon for voluntarily agreeing to these near-term restrictions near major airports. With that, I'll turn to discussing our results and outlook. Over the last year, the Uniteds team persevered through the impact of COVID, but also made incredible progress laying the foundation for the future. Omicron is, once again, impacting the near term. But as we've done since March 2020, we're taking action on capacity, and we remain confident in the long-term projections in spite of the near-term headwinds from Omicron. But before we discuss our results and outlook, I want to take a minute to thank and brag about all that the people of United accomplished in 2021. In spite of the historic challenges, United came together as a team to get through the worst crisis in the history of aviation and set ourselves up to be the world's leading airline on the other side. We saw our NPS improved by 30 points versus 2019 and introduced United Next to grow the airline and improve the product for customers. But we also made unique, real and structural changes to our process and technology, which we believe is going to lead to best-in-class CASM-ex performance once we have the full fleet return to service. I think perhaps one of the least understood industry changes is that United is expecting to exit 2022 at a CASM-ex run rate below 2019, an expectation that sounds very different than most others in the industry. It is a transformational competitive change. So, while we can't control the exact timing of course of COVID, we can improve the customer experience and control our costs, and that puts us in a completely different competitive position to outperform in the future. In the short term, however, we're remaining responsive to the risk posed by the Omicron variant. Omicron is impacting demand in the near term, but the biggest impact of Omicron fueled surge in COVID cases we've seen so far was on our people, and it led to a significant disruption in our operational performance over the holidays. As tough as this period has been, I'm particularly grateful that because of our vaccine requirement, we are no longer losing vaccinated employees to COVID, and we still don't have any vaccinated employees hospitalized. Our vaccine requirement has truly saved lives. As we look to the remainder of 2022, Omicron is impacting near-term demand, and we're reducing our capacity as a result. But bookings continue to be strong for March and beyond, and our base case remains a continued recovery in demand, including international and business. Gerry and Andrew will give you more specifics on what we're changing this year on capacity. But the important point is we remain confident on the long-term CASM-ex target and future of United. We believe and certainly hope that as a company and society, we are moving into the endemic stage of COVID. But we'll continue to manage as we have throughout the crisis and once again this quarter and be responsive to what actually happens instead of what we hope will happen. I'll close by once again thanking the United team. They've done amazing things since the crisis began, and they've laid the foundation for United to be the world's leading airline going forward. And now, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I'd like to start by thanking our employees for their hard work in the quarter. In the busiest travel season since the start of the pandemic, our team dealt with disruptions from weather events; changing international travel requirements; and most recently, the impact from the Omicron variant. With Omicron impacting both our employees and the rest of the country over the holidays, our team pulled together to serve our customers, and we are grateful to them. As Scott mentioned, this latest variant has caused a delay in the expected recovery and having an impact on bookings in the first quarter. However, we remain confident that travel will rebound quickly as cases subside. We expect a strong summer and second half of 2022, consistent with our expectations pre-Omicron. While Andrew will outline the changes we've made in the near term on capacity in just a moment, we are confident and committed to our 2023 and 2026 financial targets. With our United Next network plans in mind, we look forward to hiring the next generation of United pilots. Next week, we'll host a grand opening of our United Aviate Academy in Goodyear, Arizona. We're excited about the role our world-class pilot training facility will play in recruiting and preparing the next generation of the United pilots. In fact, we welcomed the inaugural class in December, which consists of 30 students, 80% of whom are women or people of color. In the near term, we are making sure we are fully staffed as this is critical to executing our plan as the recovery takes hold. As difficult as the holidays were, we are returning to a normalized operation. We've taken additional steps to ensure that disruptions are minimized for our customers through capacity management and incentives. Regarding the current labor environment, while we have small pockets of hiring challenges, those do not currently impact our ability to operate the mainline and are not impacting our capacity planning for 2022. We feel confident in our ability to achieve the level of hiring at United that supports the growth we are planning in the second half of 2022 and beyond. Despite Omicron's recent impact, we've achieved the highest-ever Net Promoter Score in our history, which is undoubtedly due to the team's service improvements and technological advancements that make flying with us easier than ever. A couple of examples. This year, more than 760,000 customers have benefited from ConnectionSaver. And the percentage of customers that have misconnected in 2021 is the lowest since the merger. Our clubs in the U.S. are back, and we're ready for international travel to return as well, as this includes six Polaris lounges. We made it easier than ever to order onboard with our PayPal QR Code. Also, our expanded beer, wine and snack offering is now available on nearly all flights over 2 hours. Gerry will provide greater detail on our 2022 costs, but our 2022 budget incorporates the elevated inflationary pressures seen by the rest of the country and fully reflects the labor expense we expect to incur in the year. Importantly, the changes in our fleet and mix of flying however give us the confidence that we will reach CASM-ex below 2019 by the fourth quarter of this year, putting us on track to achieve our long-term cost goals in the United Next plan. While the macro environment delayed the recovery, we continued to act on additional initiatives towards our goal to become 100% green by eliminating greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. United is now the largest airline to invest in zero-emission hydrogen electric engines for regional aircraft through a new equity stake in ZeroAvia, a leading company focused on hydrogen electric aviation solutions. We also announced the second round of corporate participants in our Eco-Skies Alliance program. We believe each of these initiatives, among others, further solidifies United's position as the industry leader in sustainability. With 2021 behind us, we're responding to the near-term volatility with areas of the business we can control, while continuing to invest in our people and products as we plan for our United Next plan that will transform the airline in the coming years. And with that, I will now turn it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. Total revenue for the fourth quarter finished at the high end of our range and down 25% on 23% less capacity versus fourth quarter of '19. TRASM in the quarter finished down 2.5% versus the same period. We are pleased to reach the high end of our Q4 revenue guidance, but the Omicron variant did have around a 2-point negative impact on TRASM results and has delayed the anticipated demand and revenue recovery by a few months. Prior to Omicron, we were on track to deliver close to flat unit revenues in the fourth quarter of 2019 versus -- or fourth quarter versus 2019. Just as in recent quarters, our cargo operation again delivered a record quarter for United. Total cargo revenue for the quarter was up 130% from the fourth quarter of '19 and finished the full year at $2.3 billion. Fourth quarter loyalty revenue and other revenue was up 3% in the third -- versus the fourth quarter of '19 to $518 million. Now turning to our first quarter outlook. Leisure bookings and demand for late February and March are largely on track with our expectations. However, Omicron disrupted close-in leisure demand in January across most regions, and cancellations did increase. Bookings and cancellations are now starting to return to normal. Business demand fell sharply in January versus early December. Given business demand tends to book closer to the travel, we remain optimistic that we'll see a strong rebound as we progress through the quarter, although that's clearly linked to the virus. Our revenue projections assume business demand rebounds by the end of February to where we were in early December or down approximately 40% versus the same period in 2019. Leisure demand trends that we've observed for travel later in the first quarter of 2022 have allowed us to manage our yield quality successfully versus our experience with the Delta variant surge. As a result, we remain optimistic that Omicron's impact, while significant, will be focused on January and February at this point. While we can't say if there will be additional widespread variants in the future, what we can say is that our expectation is that Omicron and each possible future variant will have a smaller and smaller impact on our revenue over time as compared to the impact of the Delta variant. We now expect total revenue in the first quarter of 2022 to be down 20% to 25% versus 1Q '19, with capacity down between 16% and 18%. We have moderated our capacity plans in Q1, reflecting the anticipated lower demand in the near term as a result of Omicron. Lower capacity in Q1 along with a more conservative outlook results in our latest full-year 2022 plan having lower capacity than 2019. This is down from the 5% growth versus '19 we expected back in October. We've moderated our 2022 capacity by lowering aircraft utilization and delaying the return to service to certain planes. Our ground is trapped with the 777 [ph] jets are now expected to fly again starting in March and then gradually reenter service fully by November. We've also delayed the return of service of certain narrowbody jets into the second half of 2022 and lowered the planned utilization levels of our regional jets for the remainder of the year, addressing pilot shortages. These changes, typical mainline aircraft -- these new changes, typical mainline aircraft utilization is expected to be well below normal until Q4 of 2022. The phasing in of this idle capacity, particularly from larger jets and with lower utilization of RJs, will have a measurable impact on our gauge, CASM-ex and overall ASMs for each quarter of 2022, which Gerry will detail shortly. We also continue to expect that our international long-haul flights will enter a strong period of margin improvement versus the last cycle as we enter the second half of '22. We expect that new capacity to Africa, India and the Middle East will mostly offset lower capacity to Asia for the foreseeable future. We continue to watch international demand carefully, but expect a recovery in close-in demand post-Omicron. The booking curve for the Atlantic proved shorter than usual in 2021, and we expect to have a same record performance for 2022. As of now, bookings for the Atlantic for the peak travel season are on track, and we've seen some relaxation in border controls to Israel and England. We are working closely with our global partners as we build back our international network. And late last year, we announced a great new partnership with Virgin Australia. United is the leading U.S. carrier to Australia, and we believe this partnership will allow us to quickly and more profitably resume our flight schedule to Australia. We're on track to create the best onboard products by introducing the Uniteds signature interior. We've now taken delivery of 16 737 MAX 8s, with this interior. We're also making progress on our plan to modify the remainder of our narrowbody jets, so that by early '25, the entire mainline fleet will have this consistent and superior look and feel. Our future fleet will have an increased premium mix with premium seats per departure in North America up to 75% by 2026. It is worth noting that in the fourth quarter of '19, we've already started to produce new records and ancillary revenue generated by seat upgrades by our leisure customers. This trend to sell in more premium products to leisure customers represents a meaningful amount of potential upside to our United Next revenue plans and can also help cushion the impact of business traffic in the event it does fully return. As several of our largest competitors have reduced the size of their business class cabin by about 10% on global long-haul flight, we expect that to continue. And as a result, there is a structural change that we see in the long-haul international service. Late in 2021, we are pleased to be right -- we were pleased to be recognized in the latest BTN survey completed by industry procurement leaders. These leaders clearly saw and rewarded our efforts to win their business, separating United from the bulk of the industry. We improved in every category, and we believe these results signify the hard work we're putting into women and ever increasing share of their corporate business, which again is a core component of our United Next plan. Thanks to the entire United team. And with that, I'll hand it off to Gerry to discuss our financial results and outlook.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first call of the New Year. While we all would have preferred to be further along in the recovery, you will see from our results for 2021 and forecast for this year that we continue to make great progress and are well positioned to achieve the long-term goals we have discussed with you since last June. Turning to the numbers. For the full year 2021, we reported a pretax loss of $2.6 billion and an adjusted pretax loss of $5.8 billion. For the fourth quarter of 2021, we reported pretax loss of $845 million and an adjusted pretax loss of $679 million. Our CASM-ex increased 13% on capacity down 23%, both versus the fourth quarter of 2019. While CASM-ex was within our guidance range for the quarter, it was slightly higher than the midpoint as a result of Omicron-related expenses. Looking to the first quarter of 2022, there are two major factors impacting our CASM-ex. First, because of Omicron, as Andrew mentioned, we are adjusting capacity downwards to align with demand, consistent with the agile pivoting we've done throughout the crisis. Secondly, we currently expect that our 52 Pratt-powered 777s will mostly remain grounded through the first quarter. This reduction in flying keeps our aircraft utilization down about 16% in the first quarter versus 2019 and does drive additional cost inefficiencies. First quarter 2022 capacity is expected to be down between 16% and 18%, with CASM-ex expected to be up between 14% and 15% versus the first quarter of 2019. The math associated with flying fewer ASMs than originally expected, together with the added Omicron-related expense, is driving around 3 points of expected CASM-ex pressure in the quarter. By the fourth quarter of 2022, however, our base case assumption is that we are past Omicron and flying schedule with capacity up around 5% versus fourth quarter 2019. In this scenario, our utilization would reach near 2019 levels and gauge up about 16% versus the fourth quarter of 2019 and up 11 points versus the first quarter of this year, driven by the return of CASM-friendly 777s and the addition of 787s and larger 737 MAX aircraft. These factors, together with the full run rate benefit of our identified $2.2 billion in structural cost reduction, which we expect to achieve by this summer, would drive a material change in our CASM-ex performance over the course of the year from up 14% to 15% in the first quarter to down around 2% in the fourth quarter of this year in each case compared to 2019. As I mentioned, these figures represent our current base case assumption for our 2022 flying. But as Andrew outlined, we are committed to aligning our [Technical Difficulty] and we will continue to be flexible given the uncertainty around the pace of recovery. As a result of this uncertainty, we expect our CASM-ex results for the full year 2022 could fall anywhere in a range of scenarios. You may recall, in October, we set our planned capacity for 2022 would be up around 5% versus 2019, with CASM-ex lower than 2019. Our outlook on CASM-ex remains consistent with this prior outlook, though, since we now expect our capacity for the year to be below 2019 levels, we must adjust our CASM-ex to take into account the impact of fixed costs spread over fewer ASMs. To provide some further bookend, if capacity for the year were about flat to 2019, we expect our CASM-ex would be up 2% to 3% versus 2019. If full year 2022 capacity is 5% below 2019, we expect our CASM-ex will be up about 5% versus 2019. We believe our results will land between those figures on a full year basis. Most importantly, we expect CASM-ex to improve throughout the year as our gauge and aircraft utilization materially improve in the second half and expect to end the year with CASM-ex below 2019 levels, as I noted earlier. Most importantly, the fourth quarter expected run rate for CASM-ex will put us well on track for our United Next cost plan for 2023 and beyond. Turning to fleet. We currently expect to take delivery of 53 737 MAX aircraft and 8 787 aircraft during the year. As we noted on our previous earnings calls, the 787 aircraft were originally expected to deliver in the first half of 2021. We now no longer expect to take the 787 aircraft until after the summer of 2022, contributing to about 1.5 points less capacity versus our original plan. Given this timing, we now expect our adjusted CapEx in 2022 to be around $4.2 billion, plus about $1.7 billion of adjusted CapEx that moved out of '21 into 2022 for a total of about $5.9 billion for the full year. To be clear, our total adjusted CapEx plan for the years 2021 and 2022 together have not changed since June of last year. There has simply been a timing shift, driven by aircraft delivery delays. We continue to expect to use a mix of debt financing, leases and cash to fund the acquisition of new aircraft depending on market conditions while tracking towards our United Next leverage target. Importantly, we ended [Technical Difficulty] over $20 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver, a strong cash position to continue to navigate the remainder of the crisis. In closing, I'd like to thank my finance team as they have worked countless hours over the last two years to create and manage a flexible financial plan in response to a quickly evolving environment. We will continue to focus on appropriately managing our capacity and rebuilding our business back efficiently. We've observed that the impact of each variant on our business has decreased with each iteration. And we continue to expect COVID-19 to become endemic in the future. We remain confident in our 2023 and 2026 United Next financial target and our trajectory to maximize earnings power for the long term in the coming years. And with that, I'll pass it back to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thanks, Kristina. [Operator Instructions] And from MKM Partners, we have Conor Cunningham. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hey, everyone. Thanks for the time. When we think about United and the opportunity set that's ahead of you, international -- the international landscape is clearly what people talk about the most as the pandemic looks to sputter out. Just curious on your expectations have changed in terms of pent-up demand for international. Clearly, Asia is going to be -- going to take some time. But the European countries right now are starting to quickly ease restrictions as cases decline, which is super bullish for the spring and summer demand time frame. So, just curious on how things have changed from a high level from your thought process.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Conor. It's Andrew. It's a really good question, and it's something we strongly believe in based on everything we've seen. We've definitely pointed a lot of incremental capacity across the Atlantic for this spring and summer in anticipation of this recovery. I can tell you, in fact, we're booked ahead from a passenger and revenue perspective on those flights this spring and summer already. And so, we're ready to get flying. We do need to get past this latest Omicron wave, but we feel really good about the future. And more importantly, we kept all of our widebody jets in our fleet. We continue to modify them with the new business class cabins, so we have a consistent product across the range of our aircraft. And we operate from the best gateways in the United States, bar none. So, we do believe very strongly that there is tremendous international growth opportunity in front of us. We also believe that there's been significant structural changes. Smaller business class cabin is coming in from the United States and in fact, fewer flights. Many of those larger A380s and 747s have been retired by our competitors. And this sets us up incredibly well for the future year. I have to admit, we can't be -- we're very bullish about the Atlantic in particular. And as you stated, Asia is going to be slower to come back. We look forward to coming back in full force. But we have redeployed our planes for the foreseeable future to other regions of the world in anticipation of a slower recovery in Asia. So, we think we have that from a revenue and P&L point of view under control as well. So really bullish about the future when it comes to international growth. And United's potential in that arena, we think is superior to all of our competition.
Conor Cunningham: Okay, great. And then, when you embarked on the Mid-Con strategies and laid out United Next, loyalty was a huge component of that. And right or wrong, I think a lot of investors view airline loyalty as just one big pie. So, just curious if you could talk about how new sign-ups or maybe unique sign-ups have been for the loyalty program or credit card, or if you have any conversion figures from other airlines that United has seen as the operations improved over the years and so on. So, thanks again for the time.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We signed up 5.6 million new MileagePlus members this year, which is a record for the airline. We are really pleased by that, and it shows the growth and the prosperity in the program. And people want to be part of that program and be part of United. So, we don't think it could be any better. In terms of credit card acquisitions, new accounts, we are up in the second half of this year versus where we were in 2019. So, that's going incredibly well as well. So we couldn't -- we're really optimistic about those particular numbers. And then particularly, with the new members, it's just a few years ago, we were doing 2.5 million to 3 million new members per year, and now we're up to 5.6 million. So I think it's a great tribute to United, where we fly, our brand, our customers are more and more interested in joining the MileagePlus program.
Operator: From JP Morgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: So, the strength in premium leisure is obviously an important topic, but there's some debate as to its sustainability. Are consumers permanently craving a better flight experience and therefore, they'll refuse to ever return to the back of the cabin or if it's just a temporary phenomenon driven by pent-up demand? So, to the extent that it is the former, are you seeing this elsewhere across the travel ribbon? I mean, for example, are club memberships showing commensurate strength? Are new card acquisitions skewing to the infinity card? I'm just wondering how broad the evidence is supporting the thesis that a large segment of your consumers are truly pursuing a better overall experience.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Jamie, what I think I would say is we're going to need some time to prove that out. I think it is somewhat debatable. We feel really good about it. I mean, the numbers have been incredibly strong. Our seat product upgrades in this last quarter have never been higher. And that's even before we begin to transform into the United Next fleet, which has more premium seats onboard the aircraft. And we feel really strongly about segmenting our business and giving people a choice about where they want to sit on the airplane and what experience they want throughout the entire travel journeys. Everybody deserves that choice, and we're going to do it, we're going to do it great. In terms of club memberships, what I would tell you is the bulk of our club memberships come through are premium card to the co-brand portfolio. So, it will be hard to measure that because we've introduced two new lower share cards in year. So the numbers are skewed by our new gateway card, for example. So, it's a little bit more difficult to particularly answer that question right now. But we've now seen this for two quarters in a row, a really strong premium leisure demand. Everything we see in the first quarter, I would say the same is true. And we also see that in the business class cabin going [to and from Europe] (ph), where the performance there has been good. And the other thing I'll tell you is that while clearly PRASM has been down throughout this crisis, PRASM domestically in our premium cabins is almost flat, whereas -- the number in total in terms of PRASM. So again, that's a remarkable number as we go through this crisis in terms of premium demand, in my opinion.
Jamie Baker: Thank you, Andrew. As a follow-up to that, so a question on pricing. It feels like the booking curve for consumers is increasingly similar to what corporate used to look like. So, consumers are booking closer in, but it feels like business travelers are now booking further out. First, is that a fair characterization? And two, do you think you could still achieve pre-COVID corporate yields? Are sufficient fare fences in place, or does a further booking corporate buyer imply lower yields? I guess, that's the question.
Andrew Nocella: Some of thats TBD, to be honest. So, what I would say is that business traffic is down substantially. It had improved quite a bit as we were in the quarter last year. And so the booking curves are I think a little bit unreliable from where will they be in 2 or 3 or 4 months from now. So, I think we'll just have to wait a little bit longer than that. And until demand -- and really demand comes back to some level of normalcy across all those channels, the yield calculations are just going to be a little bit differently. What I would say is that, particularly with business traffic and total business -- our total traffic, we've seen a remarkable comeback already in week three of the year versus where we were in week one of the year for total bookings and for business bookings. So, we're well on our way. And I think we're going to see things return to normal from a booking perspective, I would hope sometime in mid-February. And cancellation rates early this week are actually already back to a more or less 2019 standards. So, things have moved dramatically just in the last 2.5, 3 weeks.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Just curious on the cargo revenue side, that's held in well, I'm guessing better than what you would have expected earlier in 2021. And there seems to be a lot of dedicated capacity coming on. So, I'm not sure it seems to be making up for lost of belly space. I was curious if you -- what you expect in terms of cargo revenue trends for this year? And maybe if there's any kind of structurally something changed longer term?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, I'll try to take that. I think what we're seeing is there's been a disruption in supply chains around the globe. And so, the use of air freight has increased or the need for it has increased relative to the amount of capacity available, and that's caused yields to go up. As we look into Q1, I think those trends are pretty similar. And in fact, we expect our Q1 performance this year to be in excess of our Q1 performance last year, but it's still early in the quarter obviously, driven by the strong yields. So, and if you talk to our cargo team, they would tell you that the supply chain disruptions, the backups at the ports, these things look likely to continue to some degree for the foreseeable future as we head into 2022. So, we're optimistic that cargo is going to have another great year. And kudos to our entire cargo team because the numbers that we are putting up relative to our competition are just staggering.
Savi Syth: Along the lines, it's kind of something changing near term, like the cuts to service and kind of some of the small markets, the small markets is a big push for United not long ago. Do you see this kind of issue resolving itself as you get into 2023 or something, or is there kind of a need to change strategy here, at least when it comes to the regional operation of small market operations?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll try to take that. I'm taking all the questions here. I need to hand out a few questions to my colleagues. But, we -- first of all, what I would say is that as we take away service from small communities, we're disappointed to do that. We know the impact on these communities. And we alert them ahead of time, and we know it's a big deal. And we've already cut service to 20 communities in the United States in the last few months. Again, we know that's a really big deal. However, we are facing the pilot shortage on our regional aircraft, not on our mainline aircraft. And we expect that pilot shortage to continue for a while, including for the rest of 2022. So, we do expect, unfortunately, there will be a few more communities that we will have to remove from the network. We're still working out those details. And we have a lot of aircraft that we will underutilize for the foreseeable future. But that's kind of where we are. In terms of our business plan, when we talked about the United Next business plan, just about 7 months ago, we had already kind of recognized these trends. We had already planned to reduce the number of RJs in our fleet, and what's happening is an acceleration of these plans. But from a revenue perspective, this has all been accounted for. And unfortunately, from an internal planning perspective, what we're seeing on the RJ pilot shortage is an acceleration, and what happens to the community we serve is an acceleration, but it is not unexpected for what we're really going to deal with over the next year or two.
Operator: From Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Gerry, I was wondering if you could help us think about kind of the exit rate of CASM-ex. It sounds like it's going to be much better than the start of the year because of some gauge increases. Can you talk about sequentially how gauge is increasing? And kind of that -- what's a good foundation on which to start building out a CASM outlook for 2023? Because I know there's the growth we're getting sequentially in the volume recovery, just trying to separate out how much of that is not sort of volume dependent, how much of that is coming out of gauge.
Gerry Laderman: Good question. We've been clear since last June that one of the benefits that's really, in some ways, unique to United with our United Next plan is the increase in gauge. We've been under-gauged on the mainline. And the MAX order, particularly when the MAX 10 start next year, will help solve that problem. So we will provide going to next year additional color on gauge. This year, just from the first quarter to the fourth quarter, we expect 11% improvement in gauge and then more going into next year. But we'll continue to give you those numbers. But as we've been saying for the last six months, one of the great advantages we have and one of the reasons why we're so comfortable with our CASM guidance for next year is that, as we said, it's just math.
David Vernon: Yes. So sequentially, as we go through the quarters, is there an inflection point when that gauge really kind of pops up tied to the deliveries or schedule change?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, -- well, two things. One, the 777s won't start impacting us until the second quarter. And then the 8 787s, which are still hanging out there, that will be a second half, as well as the 53 MAXes, effectively all in the second half of the year, most -- the vast majority in the second half of the year. So, there is a huge difference between the first half and second half on gauge.
David Vernon: All right. That's super helpful. And then, one last one for me. The other OpEx line kind of bumped up sequentially 220 [ph] or so million a quarter for the last 2 quarters. Are we at a budget level of around 1/4 per quarter for that other OpEx line, or how should we be thinking about that number? We're getting to 80%, 85% of 2019 levels of cost on that line. And I'm just wondering if there's structural take out I would assume some of that's in there. Like what absolute number for that other OpEx line should we be looking at for 2022 per quarter?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. I think you've -- we've hit about the right run rate within a couple of hundred million dollars.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: So, oil prices have gone up over $85. And I know there's going to be a lot of fuel efficiency with the newer aircraft that are coming in. But how should we think about the way you're thinking about fuel vis--vis pricing and the lag between the two?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Helane. I'll start. Traditionally, I think we had gotten to the point where we had a high degree of confidence that fuel is a pass-through. And I've said that many times in the past, and I continue to believe that. During the crisis, with the supply-demand equation quite out of balance, I think that that has got out of balance. But as we look into Q2 and beyond, based on what we think is going to happen to demand and where we see supply, hopefully, those relationships come back into place. And we'll continue to make agile decisions on utilization of the fleet, given what the price of fuel is like we always have done in the past. So, I feel like we need a little bit more time to prove back that the equation is still valid, but we're well on our way.
Helane Becker: Okay. And then, my other question is I don't know how to think about this, but I know Asia traffic is not coming back anytime soon, but there's a lot of cargo that you can do in that market. So, it makes sense to have capacity there. But when you think about what the Chinese are doing, I mean, I feel like they're in violation of the bilateral agreement that they signed. And I'm kind of wondering if after -- if part of what they're doing and not allowing you, your full complement of flights, has to do with the Olympics versus them being difficult with quarantine rules and so on, so that as you think about rebuilding Asia, China is not on the list of countries beyond maybe one or two cities and you think about like the rest of Southeast Asia. So, not sure who should answer that.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start, Helane, and then let Andrew talk about our specific plans. But what I'd say is on the Asia restrictions, look, governments around the world are all doing their best to manage COVID, and these restrictions are constantly changing. They've had a different set of standards in China, different approach than some of the western. But I don't think there's anything bigger to read into it, other than different countries are all feeling their way in an uncertain environment. So, I wouldn't read any kind of macro geopolitical questions into it. And then, I'll turn it back to Andrew to talk about sort of what our plans for aircraft and timing are.
Andrew Nocella: The only thing I would add is that we recognize that Asia seems to be -- will have a slower recovery. And we have moved those aircraft elsewhere in the world, and we believe they're going to be really productive where we've moved them to. And we look forward to resuming our full schedule to Japan and China at some point in the future when we can.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I wanted to ask you a couple of questions. One, just on changeability, which is probably where the industry was headed anyway, and you can refresh our recollection there. But obviously, we're in a weird time still. It's improving, but it's a weird time. But there is an impact on operations and perhaps call center resources and things of that sort with respect to changeability. So, are you guys thinking at all about that kind of over the intermediate term? Again, in a more normal demand environment, is some of the pure kind of frictionless changeability maybe too much of a strain to support?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think the way I would describe that is, we've made a number of changes as we've dealt with this crisis, including the elimination of change fees themselves. And that we think was the right thing to do. We should have done it years ago, quite frankly. We wish we had done years ago. And so, we don't think that's going to change or at least United, we are where we are. And we've adjusted our resources to make sure we can deal with that. Our customers now have the ability to make more changes than they did in the past, and are doing so. And we're kind of pleased to let that happen. And we think it's a great feature for us, and it's going to help us with our relative competitive stance versus other carriers in the country, which again we needed to do long ago. It's about time, and we're fully committed to it.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I appreciate those thoughts. I wondered if there wasn't maybe a fair category or something like that. Not that you tell me now in advance, but maybe a fair category where it didn't make sense. And then, just a follow-up to Savi's question on the regional constraints. Do you have any anecdotes? I mean, some markets are going to be no longer addressable. But do you have any anecdotes of markets that you've maintained where you've sort of swapped it out? Does it, by default, imply lower frequency, or does it push into some new markets? If you could just talk about that more broadly maybe from a network perspective.
Scott Kirby: I don't think it pushes us into new markets. But, as we've classified this, there are places that have fewer flights and there are unfortunately places that have no flights. And we continue to adjust the formula. Again, for the most part, we anticipated this. The big difference here is this is occurring at a faster pace than maybe we anticipated six to nine months ago. So, it's just accelerating our United Next plan and where we're going to go to. But there will be communities that unfortunately don't have United service in the future. And there will be communities that have fewer flights, and there will be communities that have fewer flights with bigger aircraft. And that's kind of the outlook. We don't -- again, I said it a few minutes ago, we don't expect this to really materially improve in 2022, and we'll see where we go in 2023.
Operator: From Jefferies, we have Sheila Kahyaoglu. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe if we could think about your United Next targets, I know they're far out. But how do we think about the inflationary expectations you're baking into those targets? And how they've changed over the past six months?
Andrew Nocella: Well, Sheila, it's fair to say that over the last six months, we've seen more inflationary structure than we might have expected a year ago. That's incorporated in our numbers and our guidance for this year and our comfort for next year. So, we've taken that into account. And in terms of where we're seeing those inflationary pressures, we're no different I think than anyone else. Clearly, on the vendor side, airport vendors, we're seeing that, other suppliers, like everybody else, when you go to the supermarket, you're seeing higher food prices. We're seeing higher food prices, but we're managing through all that. And I can tell you that on our flight, if beef becomes too expensive, we always have chicken.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien. Please go ahead.
Catherine OBrien: So, I know there are a range of outcomes on your capacity for this year that's going to be based on demand. But should we still be thinking about international being the bigger driver as you get back to growth mode later this year? So like if we end up with back capacity, which is one of your book ends, should we expect domestic to be down underlying that?
Andrew Nocella: I will say the plans are still agile. We are going to fly less international than we expected to just a few months ago, but we're also going to fly less domestic. Whether in 100% proportional to each other, I think it's just too early to tell. So, I'm going to refrain from giving you an exact answer to that question.
Catherine OBrien: Okay. Got it. Fair enough. And then, just on the forward demand outlook, I don't want to read too much into your word choices. I think in the release, you said you're optimistic about spring and excited about summer. Should we read this as you're seeing bookings come in stronger than what you're seeing for spring as many consumers are just more optimistic about COVID by the time we get to this summer, or just would love to hear kind of like how the bookings are looking right now, maybe over the next four or five months, based on what you've got on the books today.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll give it a try. What -- the first thing I'll say is that when the Omicron spike happened, that -- what really happened was cancellations peaked, particularly for close-in travel, and net bookings declined as a result of that, but total bookings also declined as a result of that. But all of that impact was really felt close in and not far out. And so, we are continuing to book March, for example, normally throughout the entire Omicron process, including from the perspective of our yields to be blunt. And that continues always beyond March all the way through the summer, where, for example, we look at the Atlantic were booked ahead from a passenger count and were booked to head from a revenue perspective, which means our PRASM is obviously positive in the future quarters for the Atlantic. So, all that is really good. What Omicron did, it's caused a spike in near-term cancellations and reduction in near-term bookings, particularly for business travel. And what I can tell you over the last few weeks, we've already seen that start to come back in the line. For example, in week one, we were down 48% versus 2019 for total bookings. In week two of this year, we were down 40%. And now in week three, week to date, we're down 25%. And so, we are seeing this really come back very quickly. And the second point, as I said earlier, our cancellations are also now coming back into normalcy. So, this really -- again, there's a hole in January that we can't fill because it's just too close in, and there's a bit of a hole in February as well. But March looks normal at this point and definitely beyond that based on these trends. And again, bookings are coming back really, really quickly. Hopefully, we will be back to somewhat of a normal stance or at least where we were in the middle of the Q4 quarter, sometime by the middle of February.
Operator: And from Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Two here. One, can you just refresh us on your hiring plans for 2022, more specifically, number of pilots and mechanics? And how is the ramp? Is it spread throughout the year? Is it front-end loaded? Thank you.
Brett Hart: Mike, it's Brett. Look, first, I'll say, in the back half of this year, we were really successful in meeting our -- a lot of our hiring goals. And obviously, we think we'll have no issues, in particular on the mainline next year moving those goals. In terms of pilots, for instance, in back half of this year, we hired approximately 1,200 pilots. So, we think that trend will continue in the next year. Our overall numbers for next year, we expect to be in line with our needs. But we don't put out specific numbers at this point in time.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just quickly, Andrew, when I saw the guidance, the release, the March quarter revenue sort of what you were guiding to relative to others, it was good. It looked more favorable. And given that the March quarter historically has been seasonally much more challenging for you than your competitors, does that reflect maybe network changes over the last year? Is it cargo driving a bigger piece, ancillary, all of the above? Really curious what's allowing you to kind of catch up and at least narrow the gap with your competition. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Mike. I will say that improvement in our relative results in Q1 has been one of our long-term goals for many, many years. Obviously, there's a lot going on and a lot of moving pieces in Q1 of this year. But all of the factors you just said and all of us here at United kind of working together to move these things around has made an impact or really, I wish the Q1 guidance could be dramatically higher, but we are where we are. But I think we're on the right path for long term, and particularly, we're on the right path to making our Q1 results less of a gap to our competitors. And that, of course, will overall help us close margin gaps in the future because we do pretty well in Q2 -- our Q2 and Q3, given our global long-haul nature and our East West nature here domestically.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: I just kind of wanted to go back to the regional pilot issue. And if I can ask a little bit of a different question is if the regionals have or experiences pilot shortages, so do you expect this to eventually -- could this potentially creep into your mainline hiring plans, particularly given kind of the growth that you guys have ahead of you? And if it did creep its way in, would that be a risk to some of your longer-term CASM target?
Andrew Nocella: Maybe I'll give it a try. At this point, we've had absolutely no trouble hiring for United mainline pilot jobs. And the second point is we are working very hard to make sure that the supply of pilots coming into this great business increases. And given where salaries are, the career potential, we're confident that's going to happen. And of course, one of the things we've done, which is highlighted a lot is our Aviate Academy, where we're bringing new students, many of them diverse, into the United Airlines world very, very early in the process. And so, we're all working to make sure that there's plenty of pilots for the long-term supply, which we think is the case. But we do have a year or more where this needs time to get back into proper balance. And at this point, we haven't seen any impact to our mainline hiring abilities.
Andrew Didora: I guess as a follow-up to that, why do you think it's easier to hire into mainline than into the regionals? Is it just basically pay scales? So just curious what the -- kind of what that disconnect is?
Andrew Nocella: I wouldn't...
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll take a shot at it, Andrew. You've done a great job today on the call, by the way. I appreciate it.
Andrew Nocella: No, I want you to take a shot at it.
Scott Kirby: Look, I think this is an important point. And the big difference for us at the mainline is that at United, we create careers. They're not just jobs. Our average flight attendant ramp worker, gate agent, it's just back in a full -- in a normal year, once they get the top of the seniority scale with the union contract makes a 6-digit income -- can make a 6-digit income with great benefits. It's one of the few jobs, the few places that there are jobs left where you can support a family and send your kids to college and have great benefits and have security. And I think at the end of the day, that's the reason that we can hire at the mainline is because we create careers where people can spend their whole career here instead of just what's the hourly rate today.
Operator: From UBS, we have Myles Walton. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: I think there's a comment -- I know, Scott, on CNBC said second quarter, you're targeting profitable or hope to be profitable. I'm just curious, do you think for the full year, you have line of sight for pretax profitability? And then maybe, Scott, while you're answering that, if you're answering it, one of the first things that Russia did has done in previous instances with response to sanctions is shut down their airspace. Obviously, you get some limited capacity going to Asia at this point, so maybe it's not that big a deal. But relative to your plan for '22, how disruptive would that be?
Scott Kirby: So, on the first question, I tried at least on CNBC to say, we're trying to get out of the business of short term in the short-term ups and downs of COVID because we haven't been very good at it. We've been really good at the trajectory, but it's impossible to predict what's going to happen in the very short term. But, if we continue on the trajectory that Andrew described, where bookings went from down 48% the first week to down 25% this week, we are back on track to be profitable in both -- in the second, third and fourth quarter. It's probably getting to too fine a point to try to add up, which I guess is what you're asking. If I add up the second, third and fourth quarter, are those a number that's greater than the loss in 1Q? That's probably too fine a point for me to have confidence in forecasting at this point. On the Russia point, I'm not going to speculate on that yet. We'll continue -- we -- at United, as the flag bearer for the United States lines up, be exposed in a good way, exposed in a bad way to geopolitics around the world. And so, we follow them closely and pay attention to them and have a good history of responding when something happens. But we're, like everyone, keeping a close eye on the situation in the Ukraine and how it develops.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay.
Hunter Keay: Just to be completely clear, are you still reiterating the 9% pretax margin, the CASM-ex down 4 for '23 and also the 4% to 5% capacity CAGR for next year?
Gerry Laderman: Hey Hunter, it's Gerry. Yes, we're confirming all that.
Hunter Keay: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then, as you think about the premium seats you're adding, I think you said it was going to be like 60% or something like that. But I think most of your top corporates were tech customers flying to Asia. You could argue that both tech and Asia are going to be the most likely sort of challenged segments to come back geographically and line of business, whatever you want to call it, how do you square that? And does this mean maybe fewer wide-bodies at an SFO forever, or is it just more like a timing issue in your mind?
Andrew Nocella: Well, Hunter, forever is a long time, so I don't think I'm going to agree it forever. It's clearly, for the foreseeable future, we anticipate having a smaller footprint across the Pacific and those airplanes being redeployed elsewhere where they can be more productive for the business. So that's going to continue for a while. And when things change in Asia, we'll be ready to bounce back there. We have great partners in Asia, particularly with ANA in Japan and Air China in China. So we're ready to go when demand returns, but it's difficult to predict. There's no doubt, we did well in the business class cabin to Asia. But I can tell you, we did just as well across the Atlantic and to South America. It's one of our strong suits. And so, we feel bullish that Asia is definitely going to be tamed for the next few years from the United Airlines capacity perspective, but we're going to redeploy that capacity where it can be fruitful for the business and fruitful, in particular, in the business class cabin. And again, as I said earlier, we're seeing smaller wide-body jets being used by our primary competitors across the globe. And so, that brings in not only less capacity in total, but significantly less capacity in the business class cabin. So, as you try to square a circle that has many different movements to it, what I would tell you is that capacity and demand is all moving. And there are plenty of scenarios out there where business traffic across the Atlantic could be less than 100%. But if supply is dramatically less than 100%, it may -- it should all work out.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And this concludes the investor part of our Q&A. At this time, we will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Hi. Thanks so much. I'm just curious, talking about issues with the regionals and the pilot shortage there, how are you thinking about kind of the financial health of all your regional carriers? Is this something they can all survive, or do you anticipate any consolidation or any kind of substantial turmoil there?
Andrew Nocella: Alison, it's Andrew. I'll let our regional carriers speak for themselves on their financial situation. I just -- I can't respond to that.
Alison Sider: And I mean, I guess, just you mentioned sort of not having any trouble hiring pilots at the mainline level, but how about training? Are you seeing any kind of logjams or delays in the training process? And are you seeing any issues in your pipeline for mechanics?
Andrew Nocella: From a training perspective, we have our flight training center in Denver, Colorado. And I'll let Brett speak to it, but I think things are really well under control there.
Brett Hart: Yes. We're not seeing any issues with respect to the training process. And just to emphasize again, we're certainly not seeing any issues on the hiring side. So, we don't anticipate any issues with respect to any hiring across the board that we need to make in order to stay on plan with our mainline operations.
Operator: From CNBC, we have Leslie Josephs. Please go ahead.
Leslie Josephs: I was curious if there are any incentives that you're having to offer around the country in various workgroups to track workers? And if there are any markets that are getting higher wages or signing bonuses, where are those? And where do you see that trend going throughout the year?
Brett Hart: Yes. Hi. This is Brett Hart. We are taking it market by market. And certainly, we are seeing some parts of the country where there is some more difficulty in small pockets for hiring, and we're making necessary adjustments in those markets. But our approach is to take it. And just that way, we determine what needs to be done in a specific market. We try to maintain consistency across our organization, but we understand that there are different macro and micro economic factors at play, and we're adjusting to those. But at this time, what we can call out specific markets, I mean, I think we're being impacted in the same way that other employers are, both in our industry and, quite frankly, across other industries. And that information is pretty readily available.
Operator: And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman.
Justin Bachman: This might be a question for Gerry, I'm not sure. But as far as the full year capacity plans, I'm wondering if you could discuss a little bit about where the various buckets of that are coming from in terms of the regional pilot issues, the variant demand issues, Boeing 787 delays and those sort of things being pushed back. Could you sort of discuss which areas are contributing to that and in what ways? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: So, Justin, it's Andrew. I'll try. I'm not sure if I completely understand the question. There are a number of categories that caused us to be off from the original 5% guidance for 2022. The first one of those is demand and the fact that the Omicron variant has kind of hit the industry, as you know. And so, we just -- we needed to take some fact to be at plan to reflect that, and we've done that. So when you look at the different categories of what's happening, and I don't have a slide in front of me that has the numbers, but I have a slide somewhere that does, is the 777s, 52 grounding aircraft, those 777s that are grounded normally represent about 10% of our business in total. And so, they're going to be flying in full force in Q4 this year versus flying in full force for the first three quarters. So, that's a big deal. The second one is we've delayed the return to service of a bunch of narrowbodies that we have in storage. I don't have the exact number, but I think in Q4, it was in the neighborhood of 50 or so aircraft. And in Q1, it's slightly lower than that number, but still a really significant number. So, that's also a big category in terms of ASM services. Third, the regional jets, because they are smaller aircraft that fly short distances, when we measure those in terms of ASMs, their impact on the capacity plan is actually quite small. And then beyond that, we just have lower utilization again to reflect the demand environment. So those are three, I think, of the larger buckets, unless somebody else has a category I'm missing, I think that's how I describe that. Does that answer your question?
Justin Bachman: Yes. Yes, no, that's kind of what I was hoping to hear about. Thanks a lot, Andrew.
Operator: From USA Today, we have Dawn Gilbertson. Please go ahead.
Dawn Gilbertson: Andrew, I know you'd rather talk about Polaris, but a broad swath of travelers out there are on a budget and slide basic economy. I wonder if you could give an update on the trends you're seeing in Basic Economy. It's been a while since you released any kind of figures on like what percentage of bookings are in Basic Economy. And I'm wondering whether that's changed at all since the pandemic waivers are lifted and they're no longer changeable. And related to that, I wonder if you guys have any plans like Delta did to extend travel credit beyond the current deadline.
Andrew Nocella: Good to hear your voice, Dawn. I think what I would say is throughout the crisis, the basic percentage of tickets sold has varied significantly at United. And today, it's somewhere in the high single digits domestically. During the crisis, it got as low as 4%. And before the crisis, it was well over 20%. And so, this number is moving around based on all kinds of different things. But as a result, it is a -- as we speak today, it is a much smaller percentage of our ticket sales in our domestic system than it has historically been pre-crisis. And I think that's really all I can say. In terms of the tickets, we are evaluating that now. I'll have more to say about that in the future. But our tickets are currently valid through the end of this year. So, people still have a ton of time out there to find their credits and burn them on United Airlines.
Operator: And from TPG, we have David Slotnick. Please go ahead.
David Slotnick: I have a question about the international routes that you announced, the five new routes, I think it was earlier in the fall. What kind of bookings are you seeing from them so far? And are they tracking with international bookings overall, or are they a little bit off from the main?
Andrew Nocella: I'll take that. So, international bookings across the Atlantic are -- for travel April and beyond, are ahead of 2019 levels. And all of our new markets are exactly at their expectations. I will say that each new market has a different booking curve, depending on where we're going. And each of those new markets is running on the booking curve we expected. We really have not seen the virus or Omicron in particular impact our long-haul demand across the Atlantic at this point for future travel.
David Slotnick: Okay. Thanks. And then just a follow-up question to the 5G questions from earlier. There have been a handful of regional jets that have been affected. We've seen it even today, there was a couple of I believe United Express jets that went from -- had to divert from San Francisco to Reno. Do you anticipate a continued impact from the network just from the RJ issues?
Scott Kirby: I think there's a lot yet to be determined. There are modest impacts still from the rollout of 5G. They're not nearly as significant as they were scheduled to be without the agreement that was reached. But more to come. It's still very real time. We will work, hopefully, with the telecoms and the FAA through the whole process to further reduce the impact. But I don't know the full answer yet.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now turn it back to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Airlines Holdings, Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2021. My name is Brendan and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. At that time, if you have a question, please press star one on your touch tone phone. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the Company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at www. ir.united.com Information And yesterday relief and large range conference forward-looking statements which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events are forward-looking statements are made based on information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by annualized holdings and United Airlines for more thorough description of these factors. Officer out during the course of the call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to table at the end earnings release. Joining us in Chicago today to discuss our results and outlook. Our Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby, President Brett Hart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team online and  Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I want to start by expressing my thanks to the team at United for taking care of our customers and each other during an eventful summer, and what we've done in the last 19 months stand out even more than in normal times as we all - as we also been a part of the humanitarian relief efforts around the world, flying over a 160 million doses of vaccine, returning thousands of refugees from Afghanistan and delivering thousands of tons of oxygen canisters and medical equipment to India among many other things. Despite this personal stress and strain from the pandemic our people have continued to run a reliable operations and deliver phenomenal customer service, avoiding the significant issues that have plagued far too many in the aviation industry. The United team is emerging from COVID as the leader in global aviation. Most prominently leading on safe by effectively and efficiently implementing our early vaccine requirements. We kicked off the third quarter with strong momentum as pent-up leisure demand soar and bookings remained -- begins -- and business bookings began moving in the right direction though we obviously knew that the Delta variant was a risk. Andrew will give you more details about the ups and downs of the second half of this year but from my perspective, the long-term recovery remains on track with the opening of Europe, Australia, and Singapore, and an expected inflection point in business demand now anticipated in January. Before we move to the traditional discussion about the near-term environment, I want to take a few minutes to at least lay out our view of 4 big picture trends that we believe make United Airlines, the airlines investment choices for longer-term shareholders. Number one, we will lead on costs; inflation is high but within our expectations and we remain on track for CASM ex down in 2022, down approximately 4% in 2023, and down approximately 8% in 2026 versus 2019. I know there's skeptics on this, but it really is just the math of 30% plan  (ph) growth. But there are also real industry-leading, unique structural technology and efficiency changes that were implemented at United. I can see it as I just walk through airports or read press comments about hiring struggles at other airlines, something that's not happening at United because we really have become much more efficient during COVID. Number two, geography becomes a competitive advantage. During the pandemic, United geography has been a greater headwind than any other U.S. airline, given our largest business coastal hub and international exposure. The domestic and Latin revenues, where United is a smallest in percentage terms, have been running in the 70% to 90% range versus 2019, while the Atlantic and Pacific for United, the largest, have been down 20% or more. However, despite those significant geographical headwinds, we've managed to produce results in line with or better than the industry in terms of minimizing losses. But most importantly for investors, we expect those headwinds to become long-term tailwinds as the supply of international wide-body aircraft is significantly different than the domestic narrow-body supply post-pandemic. we expect the Atlantic and Pacific to significantly outperform the domestic market for many years to come, which will turn a current geographic disadvantage during COVID, into a sustainable, long-term advantage for United global network. Number three, unlocking the power of United next and growing our revenue premium.  (ph), a noticeably improving product and the extraordinary service of the United professionals I mentioned at the top, are already driving rapidly improving NPS scores and customer choice. We expect that improvement will accelerate as we take delivery of hundreds of new customer friendly, narrow-body aircraft and retrofit all of our remaining narrow bodies in the next several years. This will make United, the airline customers choose to fly and help us drive premium revenue. Number four, ESG. United today is the leader in global aviation with our unique and real not greenwashing commitments to climate change action and the work we're doing on diversity, as exemplified by United 887. And this already matters to customers, employees, and regulators. And I think you'll see it reflected in customer choice and perhaps, even valuation in the years to come. And all of that leads to our United Next financial outlook. We will absolutely hit our CASM ex target and we remain on track and on the revenue front, our United Next targets assumed that it takes all the way until 2026 to return to 2019 RASM outlook. While we're hopeful and actually expect the TRASM trajectory will be stronger than that, that hopefully conservative assumption still leads to an adjusted pre -tax margin of around 14% and adjusted EPS of around 20 at our current share count. In closing, COVID appears to be playing out remarkably close to what we expected in May of last year. Our expectation back then was that demand would probably remain depressed until Christmas of 2021 and that the business demand wouldnt start in earnest until January of 2022. But we always believe that total demand including international would ultimately fully recover. That forecast now looks remarkably . And we found new and successful international market in India and Africa. We anticipate a robust European recovery, and we're just now beginning to see the openings across the Pacific, starting with Australia and Singapore. United perspective was singularly unique, both on the depths of the crisis, but also on the ultimate strength of the recovery. That put us in a position to make long-term decisions on fleet and permanent changes to our cost structure and we're now uniquely setup to reap the rewards of those decisions. And with that I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I'd also like to thank our employees for their hard work in the quarter. July was our busiest month since the start of the pandemic. Despite regularly changing mandates, restrictions, and new protocols that have been part of commercial air travel in 2021, our team did a fantastic job helping our customers get to their destination as seamlessly as possible. As evidenced by our record high NPS scores year-to-date. We're now past what we believe is the worst of the booking impact from this wave of the Delta variant. And looking ahead, there are some recently announced regulatory changes that are driving momentum in bookings. We were pleased by the announcement that the U.S. entry restrictions on travelers from Europe, the UK, India, and other international locations the so-called 212 (f) restrictions will be lifted by November 8th and replaced by a global proof of vaccination requirement for all international visitors entering the U.S. We look forward to more specific details, including the effective date of the changes to avoid any confusion about the new requirements for our customers and employees. Since the announcement, we have seen a 35 point increase in year over two years system bookings from international point-of-sale agencies for travel in November and December. This gives us even more confidence in our expectation  (ph) 2022, particularly over the Atlantic will be robust. Additionally, we have repeatedly innovated and upgraded our United app, our industry leading tool which outlines for our customers to travel recommendations and requirement as it relates to quarantines, vaccination, or COVID-19 tests. This tool gives United customers an advantage as they navigate the evolving  (ph) of rules and regulations and reduces as much stress as possible at the airport. We are ready for the returning international travelers. Lastly, as Scott mentioned, with the exception of a small number of employees, who sought religious or medical accommodation more than 99.7% of our US employees chose to get vaccinated. We're committed to providing the safest environment possible. It also means that our customers can book with confidence in knowing that United operations and their travel experience will not be hampered by changes to government vaccine regulations. Speaking of the reliability of our operations, we have been proactive on the hiring front. During the first three quarters of 2021, we have hired nearly 1,000 pilots, which is more than we hired in all of 2019 and welcome three new classes of flight attendants. On ESG in the third quarter, we partnered with Honeywell and made yet another investment that contributes to our journey to become 100% green by 2050. Last month, we announced the industry's largest sustainable aviation fuel agreement in which we commit to purchase 1.5 billion gallons of SAF over 20 years making our total commitment more than double the combined total of the rest of the world's airlines public SAF commitments. Last week, we also became the first airline to fly a flight on 100% sustainable aviation fuel. These are both important steps in our goal, reducing our emissions by 50% on a carbon intensity basis by 2035, and to net zero by 2050. The third quarter was also punctuated by the prices in Afghanistan. We were called upon to assist the U.S. military in bringing 15,000 Afghan to the US and troops back haul. We've operated approximately 40 so reserve air fleet or craft flights to-date. We also converted our maintenance hangar at Dulles Airport to a temporary Shelter. We're travel we are evacuees good rest, get a warm meal and take a breath after enduring such a remarkable journey. More than 8,000 employees raised their hands to participate in these initiatives. Working as crew members  medics, and for many bonds years have personal ties that guest or our military betterment. I want to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks for their service. We're also helping Afghan begin their new lives in the U.S. through our partnership with MP microbus, where we have donated 15 million miles and continue to support incentivized donations from our MileagePlus members. As you can see, the spirit of innovation at United has not been dimmed by the pandemic. back up. We've relied on it to adapt to the changing economic or regulatory environment and put our expertise to work to help those in need. That makes me incredibly proud of this Company and it gives us all us more confidence in our ability to meet the financial targets we've laid out. I'll now hand it off to Andrew to describe in more detail how we plan to do that.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett, before talking about the third quarter results or the fourth-quarter outlook, it's important to acknowledge that the impact of the Delta variant on our business was substantial. However, we expect the worst of this wave is now past. In the last few weeks, we've seen on several of our leading business indicators return to where we were in July or better. Those indicators included, number one, passenger cancellation rates are close to 2019 levels and consistent with pre - Delta levels. Two, other than domestic co-brand spend for the quarter, new card acquisitions above 2019 levels and retention levels better than 2019. Three, passenger bookings for November and beyond travel have been above 2019 levels for the last week of strong bounce back from a few weeks ago or demand for Atlantic travel is consistent with 2019 levels, since the announcement of lower travel restrictions and yesterday was up 19% by domestic business demand has rebounded to pre -Delta level. The levels are better and our largest accounts are now increasing at a similar rate to our smallest. 6, business traffic across the Atlantic is now tracking consistent with our slightly better than domestic business traffic. 7, Brazilian demand has rebounded quickly, matching the strength we've seen in, for months in near Latin demand. Eight book yields for upcoming holidays are -- are positive as well as early 22 are bob meter. Nine award booking levels have exceeded 2019 levels this week, for the first time. While we believe these leading indicators are solid evidence of a bright outlook for United, another set of positive indicators we've been tracking in recent months is the relative strength of our premium leisure business during the pandemic. These indicators include one, domestic first-off revenue reached 2019 levels this summer with paid load factors, 5 points above. 50% of our revenue in transatlantic leisure markets came from the premium cabins in 2021 a 13 point improvement versus 2019. (3) paid load factors for our economy plus increased by 10 points relative to 2019 this summer. And (4) ancillary feet revenues in Q3 were a record $9.17 per enplaned passenger. And that's basically in 2019 levels, despite 28% less massively. Whenever I talk about United next, our long term strategy, I tend to focus on domestic gauge growth of 30% and it's important. However, United next also gross premium season counts across our domestic fleet, simply closing gaps to add to our primary competitors are matching demand in our seven homes that we missed in the past few years. This recent trend of increased premium leisure demand is a material incremental revenues for us -- for our long-term outlook and as a potential increase, overall leisure yields by 2 to 3 points versus our original longer-term outlook. Well, we still believe this is traffic will return in full. Our plan will succeed even if it only returns to 85 to 90% of these levels given these yield, leisure yield gains, if they proved permanent. Further in our revenue  and premium leisure efforts. We've made the decision to outfit our 14 remaining 77 300s with our new mid-tier premium plus products. So that all 767 now include this product, we can also confirm that we will offer this separate mid-tier cabin on future deliveries of the A321 ex-large. In 2024 relative to 2019 premium plus performance across the Atlantic was our best performing gotten. Our revenues segmentation strategies have always been about offering a range of products customers want to choose from Polaris to Premium Plus to Basic Economy. Effective segmentation makes our business model more durable when faced with elevated levels of competition, something we anticipate domestically in the coming years. I will now turn to my normal update of performance in the quarter and our near-term outlook, I will often provide an early preview of our internationally focused 2022 capacity blend. Traveling for the Third Quarter  5% and total revenues were down 32% versus 2019. United did achieve positive year  to track and for July, as expected. Customer yields were positive in July and August versus '19, but fell by 10% in September, given the large  temporary industry supply demand imbalance caused by the Delta variant. The impact of lower pricing and yields will continue into the part of the fourth quarter with October performance only marginally better than September. Close in bookings continue to track below 2019 levels, but are getting better we feel where we for the last few. Just as in previous quarters, our partner operation again delivered a record quarter for United. Total cargo revenue was up 84% from 2019 and was the best third quarter on record. United cargo has once again reviewed all cargo flights that are available wide-body jets for the remainder of the year, which we expect will launch again results in leading cargo performance. Turning to our fourth quarter outlook, we now expect total revenue to be down 25% to 30% versus 4Q 2019 with November and December at the top end of the range. through the Delta variant impact on leisure demand is now gone. Its impact on business travel on yields In the fourth quarter continues. We expect capacity to come down 23% in the fourth quarter versus 2019 down 13% for domestic and 35% for international. We continue to slowly add back capacity consistent with our capabilities to deliver a consistent operation for our customers, while also matching our expectations for demand. By December, we expect domestic capacity will only be down 9% as we prepare for a very strong holiday season. Our fleet of 52  777 are not expected to fly this quarter and we continue to have 57  just temporarily grounded. We expect most of these ground ingests to return to service by June 2022, in time for strong summer demand. As I indicated earlier, if we look into Latin America and across the Atlantic have reacted well to the lowering the restrictions for travel November 8 and beyond. We remain optimistic that our Latin and Atlantic lines will gradually build to 2019 levels and above by summer 2022 and business traffic will accelerate early next year. We currently expect passive for 2022 to be approximately 5% versus 2019. Our plan, consider our expectations of macro demand, supply, and pricing and focus 100% of our growth in the international, international markets where we expect capacity to be about 10% versus 2019. As a result, we expect domestic capacity for 2022 to be approximately flat. We remain agile loop lengths around as needed are even ground unneeded wide-body jets if conditions warrant. Consistent with our planned international growth for 2022, last week we announced ten new Atlantic routes with a focus on premium leisure destinations, such as Bergen days or is in Italy. Most of our new routes have compensating of premium leisure business as we continue to diversify our global revenue streams, which in the past we're very business centered. We're also diversifying our geographic scope across the Atlantic to India, Africa, and the Middle East. Many of our new routes also have low historic shares by United and our star partners. One additional common feature of all these routes is the potential of our leading gateways in New York and Washington. We have one more significant international network announcements planned for later this month as we work towards finalizing our 2022 outlook. As the leading U.S. airline across services that we do expect slower demand recovery versus other parts of the world. We've seen some really great news in recent days with a partial opening of Australia and Singapore. Most of our capacity from Pacific in Q4 is being supported by hardware revenues. We continue to expect international long-haul  strong period of margin improvement versus the last cycle. And we are positioned in our capacity to take advantage of that trend, not only have many wide-body jets in retired across industry, but we expect that the industry premium seat capacity for the largest Atlantic carriers will be down approximately 10% per departure to 46 seats as many aircraft, including 747 and 8  with large premium cabins, have been grounded United wide-body jets have an average of 46,  approximately the same number as our primary lead competitors. As we rebuild our global network, our Polaris lounges are now set to reopen over the next few months, starting with our brand new plug Washington  tomorrow. Briefly, I wanted to talk about our United Next signature interior. We now taken delivery of 13  days with the signature interior and into hit with our team and our customers. Each of these plants have NPS scores materially higher than any other domestic mainland yet we fly connect large economy cabins. We see back monitors at every seat, We will soon begin modifications of the remainder of the narrow-body jets so that by early 2025, the entire mainland fleet has this consistent superior look and feel. Thanks for indulging me in this rather long explanation of where things stand. But more importantly, where we're taking United. Have to give thanks to the entire United team for delivering this summer and a pretty difficult conditions. And with that, I'm going to hand it off to Gerry to discuss our financial results and outlook.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Andrew reproofing , your verbose remarks, but everyone can take comfort in the fact that I will be shorter for the third quarter of 2021. We reported pretax income of around $600 million and an adjusted pre -tax loss of around $500 million. This was obviously different from our expectations when we spoke to you in July, But as Scott and Andrew discussed, this loft is solely attributable to the impact of the Delta variant on customer travel in the month of August and September. The good news is that our third quarter CASMx up 15% was better than our guidance. And we are on track for further improvement in the fourth quarter. We currently expect CASM x in the fourth quarter to increase 12 to 14% versus the fourth quarter of 2019 on capacity down around 23% versus the fourth quarter. 2019. Looking beyond this year, we are in the middle of putting together our financial plans for 2022 and expect to share more color we knew in January. However, I wanted to highlight a few items now that give us confident in our CASM x out. First, we are exceeding our target on structural cost savings as we have identified, approximately $2.2 billion in initiatives, which we expect to fully benefit from by next summer. As a proof point of this success, we estimate that we can fly to schedule 10% larger than 2019 with the same number of employees we needed in 2019. This includes a significant and permanent reduction in management employees. Second, we expect return of 52 ground 777 to service in the first half of next year. This allows us to more appropriately match the right aircraft to the right markets, which will ultimately drive the step function CASMx improvement, as these low CASM and high gauge aircraft return to the fleet. Third, our outlook for 2022 includes by higher inflationary pressure, we are seeing today across all aspects of our business. We ranging from vendor wage pressures to supply chain bottlenecks. It is for these three reasons that I am in confidence that our 2022 outlook of CASMx lower than 2019 is both fair and achievable. Importantly, it also sets a firm foundation for achieved, achieving the negative 4% and negative 8% CASM x schools for 2023 and 2026, which we've already discussed. In fact, I feel more confident today that our 2023 and 2026 goals  get back in June. Importantly, we're committed to achieving these costs targets while also investing in a superior product and experience for our customers. For example, all of our new narrow-body aircraft are being delivered with state-of-the-art interiors, including overhead bins that everyone's carry on bags, and Bluetooth enabled seatback entertainment with a long list of choices displayed on large  quality screens. We're also retrofitting the rest of our fleet to be consistent with these standards. In fact, I was recently on a new 737 MX eight flying home for newer to Houston with all those Belgium verticals, the flight was completely full and everyone found room for their backs. The slight PRU made sure the customers knew about all the amenities as approvals engaged with everyone from pre boarding throughout the play and as our customers deplane 15 minutes earlier, by the way. As I strode through the cabin during the flight by my count, at least two-thirds of the passengers were enjoying the seat back system. And I even noticed several children entertained with our new children's amenity kit. After this flight, I was curious about the Net Promoter Score. And sure enough, the NPS for the flight was over 40% higher than system average last year. We will continue to make these types of revenue enhancing product investments. While we continue to reduce unit costs across our plans for efficient gauge driven growth, as well as our $2.2 billion structural cost savings program. Turning to capital expenditures, we currently expect to take delivery of three 737-Max aircrafts and one 787 aircraft through the end of this year, in addition to the 24 mainline aircraft already delivered this year. A number of 787 deliveries of previously expected this year are now expected to recur next year, which resulted in the related Capex shifted out of 2021 into 2022. Including this change, we now expect adjusted capex to be around $3 billion in 2021. We expect use a mix of debt financing, leases, and cash to fund the acquisition of new aircraft and we'll balance the mix with our united next financial targets in mind, including adjusted total debt to adjusted EBITDA below 4 times in 2023 and below 2.5 times in 2026. As the recovery progresses, we expect economically pursued deleveraging while balancing our capital commitments. In the third quarter, we made a $375 million voluntary contribution to our pension, which will drive PBGC premium savings and access to returns on the fund . While we are not required to make any meaningful contributions to our pension for several years, we view our pension obligations as just another form of debt. This is effectively the most expensive pre -payable debt we currently add and we took the opportunity to take. In closing as the impact of the Delta variant appears to be receiving, we continue our focus on managing the business efficiently to maximize our earnings power for the long term. Our focus on costs and revenue initiatives will drive improving margin, leading to a 2026 adjusted pre -tax margin of around 14% and adjusted EPS of around $20 at current quarter-end share count. While we have never expected the recovery from the pandemic being , we're confident that United best days are ahead as we execute on our United Next strategy in the coming years. And with that, I'll pass it to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Gerry. We'll now take questions from the analysts community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Brendan, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Operator: Thank you, Kristina. . And from Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. So Gerry, speaking of capex, can you talk to us about what 2022 could look like here? And then maybe a longer-term question for you or Scott, like, how do you manage the balance sheet risk versus what is a very ambitious outlook and obviously, trying to improve profitability by leveraging those things you've put out there?
Gerry Laderman: So we'll have some more detail on 2022 Capex in January, but I can tell you that the bulk of the reduction this year is just shifting into next year, those 787 in particular that caused reduction this year would just be additive for next year. So when you add those to the 48 narrow-bodies we have, you will see a step-up in capex, although I think if you took this year or next year together, blended, its sort of consistent.  But you should assume that most of the capex reduction this year simply got moved into the first half of next year. Longer term, we are laser-focused on reducing net debt balance and deleveraging. We could've done some more if we had more pre -payable debt, we simply don't. So we're going to, over the next few years, focus on reducing that debt, as we have the opportunity to economically prepay that debt. Thats a critical component of our United Next plan.
Brandon Oglenski: I guess if I can follow up on that, Gerry, if you get upside to earnings, you can get margins faster based on gaining a yield premium and leveraging the international network. Is that how you plan to manage the balance sheet and potentially get leverage down faster?
Gerry Laderman: So we -- the answer is yes, as we implement the plans, see the returns that profitability is going to go directly into paying down the debt and keep in mind, we also have the flexibility if the recovery takes a little bit longer. Over the next few years, we have the flexibility to manage aircraft deliveries and retirements, to adjust to whatever the environment is.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora, please go ahead.
Andrew Didora : Hi. Good morning, everyone. So Scott or maybe Andrew. I think the consensus out there to this point is that the international recovery is expected to take a bit longer than the domestic recovery. So just curious if you could maybe elaborate on your plans to grow, to get international capacity back above pre-pandemic levels before domestic. And then also, just curious on how you think about your Pacific growth as it relates to that 10% international growth next year.
Scott Kirby: Sure. I'll take that. Definitely, the growth rates and the recovery will be different by the different regions of the world and the Pacific is going to be disclosed and we've said that a number of times. When you go through all of our data, what I would tell you is that we really need to start to break down our entities into a little bit more detail.  Particularly going across the Atlantic, we expect, and again, I said already today that our bookings across the Atlantic are now approaching the past 2019 levels. We expect a very strong bounce back next year in particular, starting into spring and summer. And then the second point I will point out is that a lot of our Atlantic capacity is not going to the traditional core European markets. We've gone aggressively into the Middle East and Africa as well.  For example we have a new flight to Oman; were flying to Cape Town and Johannesburg, Lagos in Ghana. So our numbers as well appear in elevated across the Atlantic, are going into new revenue pools that we feel very good about. We feel very good about the pricing in those revenue pools. And we feel really good about the bounce-back in those revenue pools. And we're seeing that data already today.  So we're accounting for a slow Pacific recovery. We're accounting for strong Atlantic, with that strong Atlantic really is across multiple different entities within the Atlantic today, which allowed that kind of bounce back that we're anticipating.  And again, the numbers over the last few weeks have just been -- are really in the last weeks have been incredible going across the Atlantic. So we remain really bullish as we think we have the right plan and we think we've pointed the aircraft to where we can make the most money next year.
Andrew Didora : Got it. Understood. And then just my second question. Obviously, operational challenges have been increasing at a lot of your competitors, yet you haven't seen those same type of disruptions. One, what do you think that is? And then, I guess, more importantly, what do you see as the biggest operational risks as you begin to ramp capacity back up to those 2019 levels. Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks for noticing that, And you're right It has been uniquely different at United and at many other airlines, including all of our larger competitors who at different times have had operational challenges in the past year. And really the reason starts at the -- going back to the realistic assessments that we had all the way in February  February of last year because we thought this pandemic was going to last all the way through the end of 2021 it caused a different planning mentality, it caused a different management process, a very collaborative managing process,  we do 3 times a week now, 3 hours. So 9 hours a week where we're all together either in person or on a teams meeting. Every single one of us knows what is happening in every single other department, and in many cases we just step into each other jobs if we have to. But that collaborative process in a really complex environment because this environment is really complicated when you brought the airline down 90% and then try to bring it back up.  That's really difficult to do. None of us in aviation have experience to do it. That process and that realistic assessment set us up well, it led us to make different decisions. Were the only airline out there that negotiated a deal with pilots, for example. And then because of that, we can pull the airline down, keep everyone in their seat, keep everyone in their position, and bring the airline back up without having the kind of crew shortages or crew constraints that have affected other airlines. Weve worked with our flight attendants on processes, onboard the aircraft just to avoid escalations and avoid some of the conflict that has happened on other airlines around masks and we had over a 50% reduction in mask issues this year. And our flights  just an amazing job, amazing professionals, that tone and the environment, its not that we have zero issue. But the tone and the environment on United is certainly different than what I read about in the press on other airlines, and we also metered them to grow.  We didn't try to get out over our skis and say demand is starting to come back and grow at a rate that we wouldn't be able to support. We've viewed that as risky to our customers and we've really changed the customer experience during this and we weren't going to lose it by trying to fly a few more flights.  So we just managed it completely different than has happened at other airlines. And you talked about the risk going forward, and I think looking forward, by far, the biggest incremental risk in aviation in the United States are vaccine mandates. United we did our vaccine mandate -- obviously  as a mandate, we did -- we were done with it before government requirements came in. So we did it purely for safety reasons.  But listening to other airlines that are now backing off those vaccine requirement and are going to encouraging employees to just all apply for an exemption and they're likely to have tens of thousands of employees that need to be tested every week. This is a rear view mirror for United, this is not going to be an issue.  But can you imagine you have tens of thousands of employees, people forget to get their test, people do the test wrong, people don't get it done, people test positive. And if you think whether in one state can lead to a meltdown, imagine if you have thousands of employees on one day calling in and saying for some reason, my test did not pass. I mean, it is going to be a huge challenge for airlines that are not implementing vaccine requirements. Customers can book with confidence on United. We're done with it. You can book with confidence on United. But, if you're booking on an airline that doesn't have a vaccine requirement they got government rules they have to follow and caveat emptor.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker, please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning, everybody. Scott, I like the four big picture trends that you discussed in your opening remarks. Question on the expectation for the Atlantic and Pacific outperformed the domestic over the next several years.  Is that really a comment on how strong the Atlantic and Pacific might be? Or is it shorthand for we expect the domestic to structurally suffer going forward? Why shouldn't I look at it with that sort of devil's advocate view?
Scott Kirby: Well, Jamie, Ill hand it to Andrew, who would better answer it than me, but most of it is supply demand.
Jamie Baker: Okay.
Scott Kirby: The supply demand balance is just significantly different in the long-haul international wide-body market. Hundreds of airplanes around the globe have been retired, and those take a really long time to change and the supply-demand balance is more balanced. And it's as simple as that.
Jamie Baker: Okay.
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, I can add is that we just had a structural advantage when it comes to global long-haul, given where our gateways are. And this is the time for us to move forward and employ our capacity in ways that makes sense and profitable in new regions of the world and in some respects, I think we're uniquely able to do it as a U.S. flag carrier, and we're going to take advantage of.
Jamie Baker: Understood. And a follow-up on that, Andrew, while I got you, I just wanted to make sure I hadn't missed any changes in the last year or so as it relates to fuel surcharges. So we do not have a fuel surcharge mechanism domestically. But how broadly do they exist right now in your international market? And how should we think about that?
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, I don't want to get into a lot of detail. There are certain countries around the world that you have fuel surcharges, their number meeting mandated. I in fact, they go up and down with the price of oil and it's kind of set by that countries to those exists. And then in other countries, we take care of it ourselves. I think we have done this under control, but the price of fuel, I think  is high.  By the way, we view the price of fuel being high as a sign that business demand is recovering as people get to work in factories around the world or amazing things. So that is a good thing. I'm not just some really a bad thing and that being said. When can we price through this higher-priced fuel is going to take some time as supply demand and melons was broken temporarily.  We're getting to -- I think the industry is -- well, I think United moves in the right direction. I think the numbers look a lot better as you get into next year, particularly as you get to the President's day and spring break holidays. So I'm optimistic about yield quality out then and like I said earlier, our yields for these upcoming holidays and early next year are positive, which is great to see.
Jamie Baker: That's great. Thank you, Andrew. Thanks, Scott. Take care.
Operator: From City we have Steven Sprint, please go ahead.
Steven Sprint: Good morning, everybody. And thanks for taking my question. Kind of a follow-up to Jamie 's question actually, over the past few months. You guys said mentioned doing some domestic point-to-point flying. How should we think about where you are now, and the let's say, gradual process of maybe phasing that out as some of your internationals pulls up and you move more towards domestic capillarity out of your hubs.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It's Andrew, we did during the middle of the pandemic opportunistically look at some point-to-point flying and we had that out there as we return to normal, which we're doing rapidly now, we are almost a 100% focused on our seven hubs. For all kinds of reasons, we think our best opportunities there and our best opportunity for higher margin are there.  And that's worth pointing to metal. So that's what you will see. We do have a little bit of point-to-point flying in our system is proved. what's left has proved very successful. So we will continue to do that. That is not our strategic focus. Our focus is on our 
Steven Sprint: Okay. Very helpful. I will let someone else ask a question. Thank you.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Good morning, everyone. Just on that capacity I was wondering if you could help me understand just next year how that progresses from down 23% currently in the fourth quarter. I'm guessing a lot of it comes over the summer, but I was wondering if you could help bridge that kind of getting from down 23% to up 5% next year?
Andrew Nocella: Sure  we timed that capacity to measure where -- or match where we think demand is going to be. So in early part of the year, it is continuing to be a pretty low number and the latter part of the year it is a higher number. We haven't finalized our budget for next year, so we don't have the exact numbers and our overall numbers at this point as you can tell.  The other thing to note, these are our deliveries for next year are heavily geared towards the latter part of next year's that won't really went in many respects. We really get started with the United Next in changing the game  gauge equation going forward. So we'll have more information on how the capacity meters in later this year or early next year when we've been finalized our budget.
Savanthi Syth: That's all. Thank you. And then if I may, I , we've not talked a lot about cash flow given that we have strong liquidity and the earnings are turning around here, but I'm just kind of curious if you could provide some color on just the cash flow components over the next 12 to 18 months, especially how you're kind of thinking about ATL here.
Gerry Laderman: Hi, Gerry. So won't provide some more color in January I would say the idea as we'll return to normal, ATL will begin to return to normal as always, see the normal peaks and valleys that are driven by seasonality on sort of other matters. The biggest other things for us to look at is as they said earlier every payment and when we start seeing those debt maturities kick-in in repayment upstream to kick in next year.  Relatively modest year on debt repayment, about 3 billion down 3 billion of scheduled debt payments. But we gonna focus on other opportunities to use that cash to manage the balance sheet. Starting as early as next year.
Savanthi Syth: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: From Evercore ISI. We have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you. Andrew, in your extensive list, you talked about domestic business demand rebounding to 19 levels. I'll admit I missed the context on that. Was that a premium comment and kind of where are we on corporate now relative to kind of the exit rate last quarter?
Andrew Nocella: What I said was over the last week, we've seen our total bookings for domestic and four, the Atlantic and exceeding the same period of 2019, which is great to see. We have not recovered fully on business dropping and have a long way to go. We in a comment was the recovery on Atlantic business traffic is now similar to or in fact slightly ahead of the recovery for domestic business traffic, which we obviously feel really good about to see that number and see how quickly the Atlantic business traffic is recovering. over the last few weeks in particular.  But, the numbers are heading towards down 50%, but they're not there just yet. But, just looking at the trends of only the last few days, I would tell you our level of being bullish about business increased a lot. The numbers for the Delta variant costs things go down quickly, and now that we're past Delta variant.  It appears that they're going to go up, hopefully just as quickly. So it is a bit more volatile than I think we'd otherwise like to see, but we definitely like the upward volatility that we're seeing right now.
Duane Pfennigwerth: That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up on non-fuel cost, can you speak to the cadence and I guess the dependency here is when you expect longer stage flying to be more fully restored at these fuel prices. It seems like March is maybe our best shot at the earliest. But is the cost story more of a second half at this point? I appreciate your thoughts there.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I saw the costs roll, track the capacity. So what you'll see and what we talked about in January is the first half of the year versus the second half of the year and you'll see as the triple coming back and the other aircraft come in.  As we hit the full run rate on the $2.2 billion initiatives next summer, you'll see the second half of the year being significantly different than the first half of the year. But you could essentially track the capacity to the 
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have at Catherine O'Brien. please go ahead.
Catherine O'Brien: Hi. Good morning, everyone. A bit of a different take on Jamie's question earlier, but has the current demand backdrop or the competitive capacity backdrop in the U.S., change your plans on this domestic expansion and all since you introduce United Next back in June. Was it your view back then that 2020 domestic capacity will be flat or is it just with some of these international border re-openings has the opportunities that changed? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: The latter, the international border open in, in the recovery that we're seeing over the last few weeks just leads as things. The process maximizing opportunity is to deploy those life's overseas and that's what we've done.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay. Got it. And then, maybe just not sure you can share this yet, but can you give us any just high-level color on what entities are going to drive the 10% international growth and maybe are you able to frame the impact some of these new long rate droughts you mentioned are having on that 10% growth. Thanks so much for the time.
Andrew Nocella: Will be more up the Atlantic and Pacific, obviously, given what I said earlier. And so we are going for Europe and we've been in a bunch of new markets that are brand new to United Airlines. In fact, you are U.S. carrier fly, so we're really excited about those. But we've also announced more service to the Middle East with Amman  Jordan. We've announced a lot of service Africa, which is not really well. So pharmacies should expect more of that. So there's a lot of going on there and as well as South America, which we think is on to recovery, particularly Brazil in recent days, given the change there has looked really good across specific and, again, much slower.  We do expect across the South Pacific faster than the North Pacific, but we're really, really agile across the Pacific and be able to cancel down or broke then on the demand we see we have the best Pacific network of any U.S. carrier and we expect will bounce back first and will bounce back stronger. But that being said, we're going to be really careful when we choose to load that extra capacity.
Catherine O'Brien: Thanks.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, good morning. So it seems like after Labor Day, a lot of folks went back to the office and they are fair to be there and now it kind of feels like people are working from home a little bit more again, because they realize it commuting is really not fun.  I'm kind of wondering if you're expecting that with business travel next year, Scott, like, are you expecting this big pop in pent-up business travel demand that are once all excited to get back on the road and you're a 100% recovered and then, maybe slowly sort of bleed back to like a lower watermark as the year progresses, as sort of the euphoria wears off?
Andrew Nocella: Well, it's Andrew, and what I would say is that the Delta variant clearly delays some offices returned. United today is hearing Willis Towers, so we're all back in our office, and when we talk to our corporate clients, we definitely see a hodgepodge and some are in and some are not but people are generally more and more returning to their office environment.  And what we've been told, a little look at changes, depending on the week is that we should expect really an acceleration of business traffic next year with a lot of end of demand, we a lot of clients that need to get back on the road and they're anxious to do so. And when they do so, they'll gladly have and I know I'm excited to get back on the road and have been traveling a lot more in the last few weeks. So a lot TBD. I can't exactly into that question other than the feedback we get is going to be very strong we also expect consumer demand our next year after being not able to travel as they would like for almost two years.  We think it's going to be really strong, including here domestically, by the way. We believe our profit maximizing opportunities are across the Atlantic right now into India, Africa, and the Middle East. But we also think there's going to be a domestic recovery. That's really significant, strong and in fact, hopefully by February, March, April is going to overcome this is much higher price of field and that's true directory on we feel good about it and that's our plan.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And then how do you expect, Andrew, corporates to book travel in 2023? I know that there's a lot of direct bookings right now. In '22 is probably going to be weird too but, is 2023 going to look like 2019? Are you going to have the same mix of GDS channel and TMCs just as relevant. How do you expect that to shake out long term?
Andrew Nocella: Long term, I don't know. Technology is changing rapidly, but what I would say is we have really great CMC partners and they greatly helped us reach our SME market. And we use DBS is to provide all the content and we do this successfully. And in agreement with our major GDS contractors up until this point, I don't expect any radical changes.  Clearly there are those in the distribution network that would like to do things slightly different and we'll let those companies and those agencies tell us what they would like and we'll do our best obviously with all of our clients and all of our customers on to give them the best customer service we possibly can. But I do believe that TMC and GDS model are really strong and helped deliver high-quality revenues in United Airlines.
Hunter Keay: Thank you.
Operator: From Collin, we have Helane Becker, please go ahead.
Helane Becker: And thanks for much, Operator. Hi, everybody and thank you so much for the time. Just a couple of questions. One is on the triple seven - seater are coming back. Gerry, what's the cost going to be to bring those back? And is that included in your Capex forecast for 20 -- or will it be in your Capex forecast for fourth quarter and for 2022?
Gerry Laderman: The triple sevens, our aircraft I've is already mislead. There's not a CapEx component to bringing them back. There is an OPEX component of getting them ready. And so that's included in our forecast was not included in any forecast as whether there's any contribution to that from other parties. We're assuming in our forecast that we are incurring that costs.
Helane Becker: Okay, that's very helpful. And then the other question I have is with regard to all these new markets. Little letter (a) is, are you concerned that your alliance partners will be put off by the fact that you are over flying their hubs to do this on your own and little letter b, can I give you a list of cities I'd like to go to that are on my bucket list.
Gerry Laderman: I would have thought with the Cities we just added and we got to your bucket list, but let me know. But we work with our great aligned partners. We really do have the best aligned partners and the low. What I would tell you about how we came to the dilution is on what city-pairs to add for this summer is many of these periods United and our store aligns partners have very low shares.  The traffic between US and those markets are carried by other alliances, not ours. And that's why these markets are great. The other thing i will tell you is sometimes you have to make the market and there's a lot of service to a lot of different places around the world.  But for example, the Azores is a great opportunity for you virtually and all your colleagues to head on a great vacation. That was very, very difficult to reach in previous years. That'll be a lot easier to reach on United Airlines milestone that New York starting this summer.
Helane Becker: That's great. Very helpful. Thanks everybody. Have a nice day.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hey, Scott, back to your point about the vaccine mandates being the biggest risk. Where are you maybe in conversations with the government and as it pertains to the GSA, which I think latest data is that I think there are only like 60, 65% vaccinated are you making any sort of contingency plans or as we approach the holidays, are we going to have to have additional United people that help staff and kind of get people through the airports just where things stand on that. Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Well, I have like confidence to see if they, we'll get there. They've been working hard. I think they did a great job during the pandemic in really tough times. They also -- the same department was instrumental in bringing the tens of thousands of revenue back from Afghanistan. So I think we all should give kudos and credit the Department of Homeland Security, Secretary Mayorkas and the TSA for everything they are doing.  I'm pretty confident that we'll get there I mean, I think there are implementing vaccine requirements correctly. I mean, at the United, we have proven that if you just do it, if you put the requirement out there and you're not compromising, you're not wishy washy, you don't walthall backtrack. it gets over 99% and I think they'll do the same thing and we'll get there.
Michael Linenberg: Okay. Very good, and then just a quick follow-up. Scott, you talked about hitting your targets with I think, only 85% to 90% of corporate coming back and there's a lot of talk about premium leisure travel. I'm just curious is there something secular going on with that passenger segment or is this just United catching up to the rest of the industry and just having premium seats that are on par with everybody else? Thoughts there. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Hey, Mike. This is Andrew. I would tell you it's probably a little of both, although we have really not started to materially change the aircraft mix from when we announced United Next, use a few months ago. So we a lot of that benefit from income in 2023 and beyond but there hasn't been an amazing amount of premium leisure business. Our being able to sell, being UMC sports in the first-class cabin and even in the main cabin, a little much higher load factors than we've done in the past. We're anxious to prove out that this is a permanent change, but part of it's  net.  There is more inventory available closer in for the seats because corporate travel hasn't rebounded completely. completely. So corporate travel is 100% and we'll have to see where the premium leisure yields are. I think we have to balance both  about would've better outcome given this change if any of this proves permanent, which we're again, we're bullish that it will be exciting to see. dizzy. It is pretty material in such a short period of time.  So we'll have to wait and see for sure because we need to balance that with the corporate demand when it comes back. But all that being said in the unlikely event, corporate demand is not 100%. We do have other levers to push and this one, as we come increasingly obvious over the last three months, as an opportunity to do something a little bit different and get some more revenue on board the aircraft.
Michael Linenberg: Great. Thanks.
Operator: From MKM Partners. We have Conor Cunningham. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the time. I think you hinted at it in the prepared remarks, but when you think about potential swing capacity in 2022, is it fair to assume that the sweet capacity in the domestic market could move lower rather than you, making an adjustment on the international side just given the competitive landscape, I get that demand dictates all that, but just curious on your thoughts of the high level.
Andrew Nocella: I just could add would have a lot of flexibility to move aircraft around, our aircraft or factories. And they clearly to move around wherever we need them to go, whether it be domestically or overseas. So were  out. I think we have proved that continuously throughout the entire pandemic.  And we look like we're getting back on track and getting back to our normal schedule deployment, which again is why I said it will be less point-to-point flying in the future. But we'll be flexible to do what we need to do both domestically and internationally and including around wide-body jets as they're not needed. Later this year but we'll wait and see.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then just a follow-up to what Hunter was talking about on the business side. I'm just curious on what sectors you're seeing the most pent up demand for business travel or maybe like what sectors you're actually most bullish on longer-term, that you think you can gain share or however, you're thinking about that in the current contact. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Well, would everything we've done in United we didn't gain share everywhere to make that really clear to you and all of our competitors. That being said, seeing right now is consulting and obviously very strong as they get back on the road and start helping businesses all around the globe. But we're also seeing rebounds across-the-board, but we'll think they're moving in the right direction.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now take questions from the media. . And for Wallstreet Journal we have Alison Sider, please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Hey, thanks so much. I guess one of the big complaint from customers throughout the industry over the course of the last several months is just sort of about the instability of schedules: late close in changes and everything kind of being in up in the air. I'm just curious when you think we might see that level out, just see some more stability and get back to kind of normal or if this is part of the new normal going forward.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Andrew. What I would tell you that we needed to be really flexible as we went into this phrase, as we took the airline now to basically 10% within a matter of a few weeks and we learned a bunch of things about how flexible we can be in our process. That being said, to run an airline and this size, we need the process, we consistency, and we need to load our schedules early so that it's convenient to our customers so they can book with certainty.  And we have more or less, as of this week or next, returned to a normal schedule load process, where we we load our schedules 90 days in advance and the final is close to 90 days as possible. During the pandemic, that number was dramatically lower and net costs, a level of disruption that was unfortunate, but necessary, and we did talk to our customers about it and we did react to the relative and we ranked two it. But in every way possible to make it as a simple and easy to change reservation. However, in that problem should be in the past, very rate assumed, if not already.
Alison Sider: Thanks.
Operator: From a CNBC, we have Leslie Justin. Please go ahead.
Leslie Justin: Hi. Good morning, everyone. My question is about regional airlines. Do you know if the carriers that fly for you, under your name are going to be subject to the same federal mandate, or it's done at some of the ocean Total, any operational concerns about getting them into compliance for the next few weeks, and then also if you have any information about how your approach changes Cargo, just given all the supply chain issues, good part, especially before the holidays. Thanks.
Brett Hart : Hi, this is Brett Hart. What we will say is that our regional carriers, we know that they're evaluating the applicability of the Executive Order on their business and we're in discussions with them. I think it's pretty clear where we stand with respect to towards the vaccinations, but they're in the process of working through that now. We will certainly be in the process of helping them in that process to the extent that we can. Andrew, do you want something to add to that?
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. In terms of cargo, we've obviously had a record quarter a record year, we expect that to continue well into the fourth quarter and actually beyond. Given where the country's sand in terms of the backup that supports, but also in terms of consumer demand. We're transport things by airplanes today than we traditionally have not and in talking to these higher Cargo team, we expect that to continue well into next year, if not all of next year based on where demand is for these products. And again, where the ports are and the services that we provide which are just, I think second to none on the cargo. And Leslie, if you look at our numbers, you can see there are numbers every quarter.
Leslie Justin: Okay. Thanks. Did you ask the regional airline to get the same vaccine mandates that you have? And did they say No. that's for uniformity games on the planes.
Andrew Nocella: No. At present we haven't we haven't asked are required our recent carriers to adopt our same policy. And you understand from a legal perspective, I have the right to require them to do it. But this is a process and they will work through in the same way that we did. And we know that they're very focused on it and we're confident that at the end of the day, that we good place on. But we have and are strongly encouraging them, pushing them to do the right thing for them to do as well. We just aren't in control.
Operator: Once again, if you do have a question, please press star one on your phone, and from Bloomberg News, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the earlier comment about United being the US flag carrier and that sort of structural change that you see on the international wide-body front and how that makes long-haul more profitable.  I wanted to get your thoughts on the thesis though, because it seems to rest an the idea that other carriers can't or won't add wide-body capacity if they can get some decent yields on that, and I just wanted to get your thoughts on that because some of these airlines you've accused in the past of being government subsidized. And it seems that they could add capacity if they chose to. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Hey, Justin. This is Andrew. There's really 2 components. 1 is the fleet. And how long it takes to get wide-body aircraft and configure them and put them in the air. And that is -- having done it here at United, it takes a couple of years. So when you used to retire our grounds, it's very difficult to reverse that decision get trained and acquire new aircraft replacement. It just cannot happen immediately,  But, secondly and more importantly is the fact that we're flying from what our seven major hubs here in the US. It's just to represent them full of international travel to and fro the country. Not only leisure business but business in a regular corporate business and so we just have a structural advantage on this front.  We're already the largest international carrier by far. We're able to successfully fly not only through our partner hubs, but just  all over the world. And you saw that with our recent announcement, including the new plays like Amman, Jordan.  And so we're simply taking advantage of the structural advantage we have as United that we just haven't been able to in the past properly do. But now we can and we're doing so in an era of I think tailwinds based on the fact the demand is back -- bouncing back rapidly, and our competitors across the board in that regard many, many large aircraft, many of them with large business captains.
Justin Bachman: Thank you.
Operator: From CNN, we have Chris Isidore Please go ahead.
Chris Isidore: Getting back to the Cargo and supply chain issues, are you still flying any All Cargo flight and are you considering any purchases of freighter, either traditional freighter aircraft either used or new as you're seeing, more cargo demand?
Andrew Nocella: I will take that. We had stops or planned stop all cargo planes as we were  as we were going through the summer because of the rebound in traffic and the lack of our prep in the 777 supply. As we went through the Delta variant phase and demand fell, we did out to be a small number of wide-body to our Cargo team and they Jacobs lift and the client is all Cargo through the end of this year and that is doing extremely well.  We will likely bring that to an end, again sometime, late this year, early next year. All that depends on the return to service of our practical needs of a sudden. So we do see a lot of man on the front. The team is doing a great job and we're going to have a record year.
Chris Isidore: And for your aircraft, is that something that's you're waying and considering or is that just not something that you see being in the mix long term?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We have a fleet of about 220 or so wide-body jets on and United Airlines, they all have large valleys with room for a lot of Cargo. We just haven't seen the need to supplement those aircraft with any all freighter versions of those aircraft. At that -- at this point in time. And just from a business model perspective, we can obviously take months or years where that makes sense, or a few individual routes. But the fact that we operated things is the second-largest wide-body fleets in the world. We have a ton of belly capacity that more than meets our needs.
Operator: From the Associated Press we have David Koenig, please go ahead.
David Koenig: Okay, thanks very much. Scott. Following up on your caveat emptor comment earlier, I wondered if you have any evidence that people are booking to United because of your mandate and I guess are you counting on some of your rivals struggling to have enough staff over the holidays?
Scott Kirby: Well, the story I think it'd be hard to sort that out even if it was happening, but I would also say, I don't want that to happen. I mean, I don't give I want everyone to get back to  That's the right answer, for certainty that's the right answer for the country. I hope that every airline will stop backtracking and will embark to get everyone vaccinated like United Airlines has done. And so that it will not be a competitive advantage for us because it is, without question the right thing to do.
David Koenig: Is it a competitive disadvantage if they seem to settle for less and have some sort of testing alternative to vaccination.
Scott Kirby: Well, again, I hope that they will, again, that track. I get all their voice actually, it is the right thing to do, but is unquestionably going to be operationally, really, really difficult. Tens of thousands employees they tested everybody.
David Koenig: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: From Reuters we have Rajesh Singh, please go ahead.
Rajesh Singh: Good morning, everyone. I have two questions. First, I want to clarify your comments on triple seven. You said that you expect them to the current full-service simple close top of next year. Is that you're a GemStone or has clear though the ground fleet to put a turn per service in the first half of 2022.
Brett Hart : Hi, this is Brett. We haven't heard from the FDA, but we have been working tirelessly with  Pratt Whitney  over the past 6 months, and we do expect the aircraft to return to service in the first quarter of next year safely.
Rajesh Singh: My second question is about the supply chain bottlenecks to you or you would add to the supply chain pressers and your comments on in-place  Can you share some color and details on these bottlenecks and how are you navigating from them?
Gerry Laderman: Hey, it's Gerry. So I say, we're not seeing anything different from what others are seeing and where we are seeing shortages and potential shortages are we're just trying to stay ahead of it. So it's not at all impacting the operation or the product, but it does have some impact just on costs. It's just more expensive as the whole world is seeing sometimes to get the supply that you need.
Operator: And from Washington Post, we have Hannah Sampson. Please go ahead.
Hannah Sampson: Good morning. On the question of premium increased demand for  your customers for premium products. How are you seeing that play out, are they just kind of booking those upfront that using Myles for upgrades and getting free upgrades. I guess I'm curious, have when you're traveling, been like dying the book the seat online and just didn't have the chance or do they have more cash to book with now? What do you see playing out there?
Andrew Nocella: We will let -- this is Andrew speaking, we'll let it play out over time. But what we've seen over the last few months in particular is more of a willingness to spend a few extra dollars upgrade to a premium season. The main cabin or to fly in the first-class cabin are across the Atlantic. We've seen a better rebound in our business last cat into our leisure oriented route, such as the Athens or Italy this summer than we did in the main cabin, and I think people, a lot of consumers have saved money during the pandemic and made you referred in a little bit.  But it's also, neither great upgrades to the product. A big thing here at United is to make sure that we have a product for all of our customers from the top of the scale in terms of Polaris down to a Basic Economy customer and we can provide products across that range and that's exactly what we're doing. We expect to do more of that over time, by the way. And we absolutely know that there are certain customers that want that elevated experience. All their other don't and we will offer a range of product types that allows to do that.
Hannah Sampson: Okay thanks. And then if I could slip another one in real quick, How are you feeling prepared for the holidays, staffing wise, not just pilots and flight attendants, but across the board, care agents, people to answer the phone if people have questions or problems. How prepared are you feeling for that?
Andrew Nocella: We're in good shape. And customers can focus confidence, United Airlines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to Kristina Munoz, for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks everyone for joining the call today, please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward talking to you next year 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. his concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2021. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. 
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. It was great to see many of you in person at our United Next event last month in New York. And personally, it's been great to be back out on the road during the quarter, talking to employees and customers and hearing anecdote after anecdote about how great it is to be back traveling. Thank you also to all the people of United Airlines for all that they did to take care of our customers and each other through the crisis and for all that they're doing now to really and truly change the customer experience at United Airlines.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I want to start by congratulating the entire United family on our expected return to profitability in the second half of this year. United teams worked towards this milestone of achieving positive adjusted pre-tax income for over a year and could not be more proud. During the second quarter, United continued our work to make the travel experience safer and more convenient for our customers. We recently made new enhancements to our already industry-leading app to allow customers to schedule COVID-19 tests and have results directly verified through the Travel-Ready Center platform within the United app. In May, we announced a first of its kind collaboration to use Abbotts COVID-19 home tests and app to enable our customers to self-administer a rapid antigen test and use the verified negative test result to board an international flight to the United States. As borders continue to open, we're working to make the return to international travel as convenient as possible for our customers. These initiatives make us uniquely ready to facilitate international travel and further position us as a leading international airline in the U.S. In addition, we recently launched our Your Shot to Fly sweepstakes, working effectively with the Federal government to creatively encourage people to get vaccinated and ultimately get back on planes again. We feel optimistic from the recent progress among European countries allowing U.S. tourists to enter the various vaccine and testing requirements. Countries such as Iceland, Croatia, Greece, Italy, France and Spain, have all began accepting U.S. travelers for the summer tourist season. And we look forward to more destination options for our customers in the coming months. We continue to encourage the Biden administration to open up international travel and appreciate the bipartisan as well as industry support to ease international travel restrictions. Andrew will detail further the demand surges we've seen to countries once restrictions are loosened gives us even greater confidence regarding the long-term outlook for international travel. On the domestic side, all states have reopened local economies and removed travel restrictions enabling the surge in domestic leisure travel that we are currently seeing. We remain focused on United's transformation to be the airline customers choose to fly. We have already eliminated change fees. And with our new aircraft order, we will improve the customer experience. We're adding feedback entertainment all of our aircraft, improving Wi-Fi and innovating with customer-friendly technology like ConnectionSaver. We saved over 140,000 connections in the second quarter.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. I'm going to start off today by thanking the best commercial team in the business. Our combined efforts and agility over the last 18 months led us to this moment today, announcing the generally positive TRASM and PRASM and yield outlook for the second half of 2021, something hard to imagine just 12 months ago. The revenue outlook is allowing for a much improved and profitable financial results on an adjusted pre-tax basis for the second half of the year. And Gerry will talk about that in just a bit. Our realistic view of the pandemic's impact on our business and industry was sometimes questioned. However, a realistic assessment from day one combined with capacity corresponding to real demand, not what we hoped demand would be for the keys and prepared us for what comes next.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. For the second quarter of 2021. We reported a pre-tax loss of $600 million and an adjusted pre-tax loss of $1.6 billion. Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter ended down 10.7% in line with our prior guidance, with our adjusted EBITDA margin a positive 9% for the month of June. Our adjusted operating expenses for the second quarter ended down 32% versus the second quarter of 2019, which was slightly worse than prior guidance of down 33%. The entire difference though is attributable to greater fuel consumption, higher fuel prices, as compared to what we anticipated when we provided second quarter guidance. All of our other costs came in as we expected, giving us continuing confidence in our ability to achieve our near-term and long-term cost targets. As previously noted, as the demand environment continues to improve, we expect to generate positive adjusted pre-tax income in the month of July. In fact, as we have said we expect to generate positive adjusted pre-tax income for both the third quarter and fourth quarter this year. Despite business and long haul international demand not being fully recovered, we are pleased that our return to profitability is expected to occur well before prior expectations. And we anticipated another step function improvement once business and international demand fully return. Turning to our outlook on costs, we expect our third quarter CASM x to be up approximately 17% versus the same period in 2019, with capacity down 26% versus 2019. To put the CASM x number in perspective, while capacity may be down 26%, we are not simply flying 26% less of the same network given our current international domestic mix, where we are currently flying more short haul domestic flights and combined with the temporary grounding of our fleet of prep power with 777 widebody aircraft. This has created an incremental 6 points headwind to our  CASM x because of lower stage length and lower gauge versus 2019. Our cost outlook additionally includes investments necessary for future flying, such as training and maintenance costs. On the positive side, embedded in this outlook is also the early success from our $2 billion structural cost savings plan. We expect CASM x will better represent our true cost performance once our capacity reverts back to 2019 level and when the network begins to be reshaped with our United Next plan, and we achieve the full implementation of our cost initiatives. We are currently in our 2022 planning process and that we won't share details today, we feel confident that our 2022 CASM x will be lower than 2019. We expect that our 2022 outlook demonstrates substantial progress towards hitting our long term CASM x target of down 4% in 2023, and down 8% in 2026 versus 2019. In addition to the structural cost reductions, our United Next targets are enabled by our recent announced order for 270 new narrowbody aircraft, which when added to our existing order book, provide them with 500 narrowbody aircraft on firm order. We expect 191 of these aircraft to be delivered through the end of 2023. And for those of you in the aircraft financing community, this includes 13, 737 MAX 8 through the remainder of this year 20 MAX 8 and 20 MAX 9s in 2022 and 56 MAX 8, 16 MAX 9, 50 MAX 10 and 16 A321 NEOs in 2023. Regarding capital expenditures this year, we currently expected adjusted CapEx for the full year to run about $4.5 billion. This assumes we take delivery of all 8, 787-10 aircrafts scheduled for later this year. With Boeing's recent announcement regarding delays in delivering 787, it is possible to some of these aircrafts and the related CapEx may slip into next year. In closing, our expectation for adjusted pre-tax profitability in both the third and fourth quarters represent a milestone that the entire United family has worked towards the beginning of the pandemic. Gone are the days of talking about empty aircraft, cash burn and job losses. We have now shifted our focus fully towards the long-term path for United Airlines and the United Next plan. We believe our achievements throughout the crisis fully prepared us to execute on our plan to both maximize earnings power and be the airline that customers choose to fly. And with that, I'll hand it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take analyst questions, please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thanks, Kristina. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically.  And from Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning, everyone. Your 3Q revenue guide is very strong and both relative to 2Q and compared to one of your peers. I was wondering, what factors are driving that strength and what assumptions you are building in for that business demand recovery? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Savi, its Andrew. Good morning. What Id say about our guide is that, when I said this, I think over the last few conference calls that, in particular, our coastal hubs have really suffered during the pandemic, traffic goes down. And those hubs are a lot more than mid-cons and small community -- mid-con hubs and small communities around the country. We really see an acceleration in demand now, out of those hubs, including leisure and business for domestic in particular, which is really great to see. And it goes to say again, that those headwinds, which were so significant during the crisis, are going to flip to tailwinds for United and provide us, I think, a lot of opportunity kind of going forward. A little more color, for example, Newark in Q2 of this year. So it was really our worst performing revenue hub. And we expect Newark in Q3 to be one of our best to give you a little bit more color on what we're seeing there. So there's a lot more to come. I think I'm really excited about this, because these headwinds were just so significant during the crisis and I think there'll be tailwinds as we come out of the crisis.
Savanthi Syth: Andrew, just a follow-up, too, just it seems like you did a lot better job of also kind of tilting towards leisure EFR lately, maybe not similarly at some other airlines. But just wondering, what mix of those new markets or capacity remain on as things normalize and just really trying to understand if there's an opportunity here to change the seasonality of the network?
Andrew Nocella: Excellent question, and thank you for the vote of confidence there. I'm sure our scheduling folks really appreciate it. We did, as I would say, tilt our capacity towards more leisure-oriented markets during the crisis. And we continue to do so and will do so for at least the rest of this year. And tilting of those ASMs towards more leisure-oriented markets, I think, has helped us during this recovery. To the extent, we did that better than others. I think our revenue forecast will be better than others. And so we're pretty proud of that. We do intend to keep a bigger footprint in these leisure markets going forward, in particular, Florida, where United was undersized. And that undersizing had led to Q1 results for United that could seasonally trail others. And we're hopeful that on the other side of this crisis as we rebuild the airline and we rebuild the network, we're going to build this better. And we're going to be a bigger player in these leisure-oriented markets in the Q1 time period than we have historically been.
Operator: And from Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Good morning, everyone. Just really kind of a follow-on to Savi's question on revenues. Maybe Andrew, can maybe talk about how the booking curve has sort of changed over the course of 2Q now into 3Q, I would assume you have a lot more visibility today in terms of your 3Q revenue outlook as compared to back in April? And is there any color you can maybe give us in terms of what percentage of your anticipated 3Q revenues are already booked right now and how that compares to normal periods?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, everything is starting to return to normal, which is great to see. So right now, about 60% of our revenue for Q3 is on the books. And we have, obviously, I think really good visibility in July and August. And, in particular, I'd say August looks really quite good. September, we have less visibility into, but we still feel very bullish about that as business traffic returned. So overall, things are returning to normal. The booking curve isn't exactly normal yet, but it is quickly getting there, particularly from the domestic point of view. So hopefully, that takes care of your question. But again, about 60% is booked. And I'll also add that we do expect positive PRASM in all three months for the domestic entity for the quarter.
Andrew Didora: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Gerry, you called out the CASM impact from the stage engaged differentials here in in 3Q of the 6 points. Should we think about that as a similar impact on TRASM as well?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. Stage and gauge, obviously impact all those stats. So there is going to be some impact as well on TRASM.
Andrew Nocella: I will add. There is -- the dilemma we faced from a capacity point of view is the 777 aircrafts that are grounded are large capacity domestic movers. And we used those for Hawaii and hub-to-hub. And so right now, we're flying well below where we like to be in Hawaii. And it goes without saying that Hawaii is an incredibly strong part of our network. And so we would have absorbed that and I think we would have still done very well in Hawaii, even with those extra seats. So we are really disappointed, they are missing. And then, domestically, within the continental United States on the hub-to-hub missions, where our load factors are just off the charts, we are, the simple way to describe it is like clog in the system because we don't have enough gauge between our hubs to flow the appropriate number of passengers over them. So we really want those aircraft back. And we think those aircraft are really important to our CASM. But they also unlock, at least right now in Hawaii better results and they unlock a lot more connecting traffic through our domestic system. So hopefully, that gives you color as to how we think it impacts CASM as well as TRASM.
Operator: And from JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning, everybody. So Scott, kind of a follow-up to a question I asked you in New York with the event a couple of weeks ago. I noticed that bad things seem to happen to the industry every 10 years or so. So as it relates to the 2026 guide, it looks like we're probably in the clear. Anyhow, the follow-up here
Scott Kirby: Thats a definitely glass half-full perspective.
Jamie Baker: So you have these financial targets. You have your largest aircraft order in history. If we do hit some sort of a speed bump, do you sacrifice the targets? Or do you adjust the CapEx and the delivery schedule? Basically, is the order book sacred? Or is it a lever you can pull to protect the financial targets just trying to better understand the priority there?
Scott Kirby: Well, Id like to let Gerry start.
Jamie Baker: Okay.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. Jamie, as we said at that event, certainly starting in 2024, we have enough flexibility in the order book to be able to adjust based on what the macro environment would dictate. So that's a decision we can make as we approach the later years of it.
Scott Kirby: And I just would add also that we -- I think we've created a track record and it is certainly true that we are committed to target. When we put targets out there, we're committed to achieving those targets and we're going to achieve our 2023 and 2026 targets. And if that requires adjustments in the plan one way or another, we'll make adjustments to make sure that we achieve those targets.
Gerry Laderman: And Jamie, yes, one of the nice things about this order as well as our fleet that has some aircraft, as you know, that are aging, simply replacing those aircraft and not doing anything out, helps us with gauge which helps us with those targets.
Jamie Baker: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you both. And then, just a bit of a modeling question. There wasn't a huge change in fuel efficiency, just looking at $0.08 per gallon from the first quarter to the second quarter. I mean, a little bit of an improvement. But with more international turning on in the current quarter, can you give us some consumption guidance, fourth quarter as well if you happen to have it.
Gerry Laderman: Jamie, I can give you a precise number right now, but keep in mind just given the mix with a higher proportion of regional flying by definition as -- the widebodies come back and become a -- revert back to normal that will help the fuel efficiency.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien.
Catherine O'Brien: So maybe one more on cost, as we move to unit cost being down from 2019 levels next year, outside of capacity, what are the other tailwinds we should be thinking about? I know, you called out the 6-point impact from gauge and the 777 grounding. But outside of that, or are there some ramp up headwinds today that we should think about abating as we move into the fourth quarter in 2022. And just any color on the size of that impact? Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: I think the most significant tailwind actually aside from gauge and stage length kind of reverting back is the ramp up of the structural cost saving. So if you want to model something right now, we'll give you some more color as we finalize '22. But right now, you could model that about half of those savings are in our numbers for the rest of this year. And then starting in 2022 early in the year, first quarter, let's say that 80% ramping up to 100% by mid-year. So that's probably the most significant tailwind I can think of, as we normalize the business.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay, great, that's really helpful. And then, one maybe for Andrew, throwing it back to 2020. In February 2021, you got the Chase extension you entered into, I believe at the time of the announcement, you noted a drive 400 million increase in annual cash and when we were about to get some more details on that, and then COVID hit. So we didn't really -- I don't remember getting a timeframe for one you hit that. I'm guessing the pandemic maybe hit pause and the ramp up. But can you give us some color on what portion of that uplift, you've seen flow through your P&L to-date and how you expect that to trend over the next year or two? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. Definitely everything has been interrupted by the pandemic, although, we have seen recently, where are our numbers are now equal to or greater than 2019. So we're pretty excited about that. With our new agreement with Chase was effective then and it's impacted in our everything we do here in our financials already. But the real, I think the real value in this is our working relationship with Chase is just incredibly good right now. And we're coming up with all creative ideas, new products, and that's fueling the card growth and the new number of cards we're putting out there and spend on the historic cards. So that's maybe not every answer to the question you'd like to hear. But what I would say is that the relationship has gone well, which gives me great faith that we're going to hit the targets we put out there. I don't have the exact timeline as to when that will happen. It was clearly interrupted by the pandemic, but we're back on course.
Operator: From Jefferies, we have to look Sheila Kahyaoglu.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So maybe, it seems like capacity additions are coming back at a faster rate. And I appreciate the coastal hub. Can you maybe provide a little bit more color around CASM x below 2019 and 2022? What are your assumptions around capacity and maybe mix of international and domestic?
Gerry Laderman: So it's still a little early to give you the capacity guidance, we will do that in the normal course but I can tell you, just given the size of the fleet, as it stands today, we expect 2022 capacity to be higher than 2019. But we'll give you more precise numbers in the normal course.
Andrew Nocella: I think with the incremental widebody jets that we have available, along with our expectation about what the transatlantic market is going to look like next year, it wouldn't shock me that we see international growth faster than domestic growth for next summer.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Yes. I guess on that note, somewhat related to that big picture, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, on the international side, you're one of the carriers that have kept your widebodies going. So that supply/demand picture might look more attractive as international comes back. But domestically, what we're seeing as low-cost carriers are doubling their fleet or expanding their fleet substantially, as you guys are to and increase engage, how do you think the supply/demand picture plays out through 2026? How do you think United is positioned with that?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I'll just go back to our United next plan, where I think we thoughtfully talked about all the details there. We are working to make sure that we build our connectivity, our schedule, depth, and most importantly, our gauge. And we think those factors along, of course, with our customer focus are really going to drive our profitability in really unique ways relative to many of our competitors over the next few years in industry, where we absolutely expect elevated domestic capacity growth for everybody over the next few years. So we feel really good that we've identified this, we've articulated a way to manage it here at United together from a revenue and a cost perspective and a customer perspective to make sure that we can meet the targets that Scott laid out in New York a few weeks ago, and he laid out in just a few minutes ago here.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay.
Hunter Keay: Do you think that investors, Scott, should just ratchet down our permanent expectations for pricing power for this industry?
Scott Kirby: No.
Hunter Keay: Why not? I mean, it's so clear that the market puts multiples on the industries that can price and the decision to deflate pricing and outrun it with lower CASM. It's hard to see why that makes sense, when it is such a clear track record for this industry works is when they're pushing price. And look what he just did right now with the yield performance, not suggesting you're going to be down 25% forever, but I'm sure it was pretty satisfying to be able to push that price.
Scott Kirby: First, I disagree with the premise of the question. And look I recognize you've got a perspective respect that. But we had a pretty good track record in 2018, 2019. I think it was your research report to pointed out we grew EPS by 74%. This is in a large degree a continuation of the strategies is working well, with the improvement. I think that we're really focused on decommoditizing air travel and getting customer choice. So it's about far more than growth. But even the 2018, 2019 plan was working. It is in your research report. It seems like the best evidence that we can do this without disinflating, I think was the term you used. I'm confident that we're going to do that, I'm particularly confident that when you take the mix of what the international market is going to look like and the percentage of our revenues, combined with I think our ability to decommoditize travel domestically that our targets for 2023, 2026 are arguably conservative and that's going to ultimately be good for our shareholders.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Yes, thanks for the time, Scott. I don't want to be disrespectful here. I'd appreciate the conversation. A quick modeling question for you, too, I have you, Gerry. Should we assume that the SWB CASM is going to be in 22 and 23 above or below 2019, if you are willing to help us out with that?
Kristina Munoz: I'll follow up with you offline Hunter.
Gerry Laderman: Sorry. No, we'll get to those numbers.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker.
Helane Becker: So kind of a different question. You have an open contract with your pilots. And I know you have the letter agreement to agree to the differentials, so that you are able to ramp up as the recovery occurs. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about entering those negotiations again? And I don't know whether it's 2021 or 2022. But when should we think about that contract again?
Brett Hart: I think part of the underlying premise of your question also points out that we, obviously, we've had a really good working relationship with our pilots throughout the pandemic, work hand in hand with them. And at the end of the day, we are confident that we do get to an agreement, that will be one of the work for our pilots, and for the overall company. But as you can, I'm sure appreciate -- we don't get into discussing the specifics of our discussions or negotiations or the timeframe for reaching agreements in public or on earnings calls. But I appreciate the question.
Helane Becker: Okay, well, that's helpful. Thank you. Just the other question is, as we think about the improvements that you're talking about, and efficiency, I don't know, Andrew or Gerry? How should we think about it, like working through the next 2.5 years? Are you just going to give us guidance every quarter for how we should think about those deficiencies? Or is there some number beyond minus 4% in 2023 that we'll be able to mark to?
Gerry Laderman: Helane that's really the heart of the $2 billion of structural cost saving. And as I said earlier, by next summer, I would expect 100% of those in the numbers. And then, you know, we will continue and will continue to provide guidance. Keep in mind those structural savings include savings that will continue to grow as we grow the airline. So, it'll come out through our continuing CASM guidance over the next few years.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just a couple from me on cargo. And, Andrew, I think you said no more dedicated freighters. I assume this is just a function of passenger demand coming back. But maybe you could just expand on that. And if we think about sort of your cargo capacity in total, maybe no more freighters, but more longer haul flights coming back. How do you think about your cargo capacity in total?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, correct. We are not going to be able to do more cargo only flights, we're obviously disappointed by that, given where yields currently stand. The reason for that is the aircraft can be better deployed in passenger markets. However, many of those passenger markets are also not exactly optimal cargo markets, they do have cargo, but they're not optimal cargo markets. The 52 777s that are grounded means we just have less flexibility on this front than we would otherwise had. If those aircraft are flying, we clearly would continue our program missions because we'd have the ability to do both. So then when we look at capacity available to fly is still really significant as we put all these passenger planes back in the air, and we think we've got this properly accounted for in our forecasts and we think we're going to have another great cargo quarter in Q3 and it's already gotten off to a really good start. That being said, it's going to be different in the amount of cargo flights. So when I tell you it's all -- we don't really know those details, but all the numbers are in there. And hopefully we can do a little better on cargo than we are currently planning. But there is a marked change in our cargo footprint starting today -- really starting a few weeks ago obviously and we'll see where it goes. But we're feel very bullish on cargo for the remaining half of this year.
Duane Pfennigwerth: That's super helpful. And just for my follow up on Scope. Scope is something that United talked a lot about in the past, obviously in the recent investor update you talked about big upgauge from 50 seaters. But I have to think, just thinking about high frequency with 50 seaters going fully to Main Line, maybe that implies less frequency, I have to think there are many markets where a 70 or 76 seater would be optimal. How should we be interpreting a kind of a lack of commentary around Scope? And is it something maybe longer term maybe beyond the forecast period that you're offered, that you think still makes sense.
Andrew Nocella: To be clear, when we induct a MAX 10, or an A321 NEO, it's not replacing the 50 seat CRJ   out. There's a cascade it starts at the top that goes all the way down. So 50 seater routes today will often go to 70, 60, to route in the new United Next vision. So just the economics of that are a little bit different than maybe you described, I'm not 100% sure, but so we still will do that. As we look at our fleet counts and hubs and scheduled depth. It is not our intention to reduce service to smaller communities in the United next plan. And we've laid that this out in great detail. That being said, it's also really not going to increase our scheduled depth, or size and smaller communities, either we're going to grow by a gauge, which we think is the right way to do it. Given where our hubs stand, particularly our mid-continent hubs, where again, most of the growth is gauged, there's a little bit of frequency, but most of the growth is gauged. So hopefully that helps answer the question.
Operator: From UBS, we have Myles Walton.
Myles Walton: It's a bit of a follow up to high risk question again. But I'm curious guys, if you've thought about perhaps using a return on invested capital or efficiency metric to go alongside your pre-tax margin, your pre-tax income, financial metrics, which govern your long-term incentive schemes as a way to sort of answer the question around the efficiency of assets being put underutilization?
Gerry Laderman: We actually always look at the return on investments we want to make and kind of our rule of thumb is kind of mid-teens to justify making those investments. So that's always part of the equation. But I do think, at the end of the day, pre-tax, ultimately, is the best way to look at things. The other components of it just all go into that but we do look at returns on investments we're making.
Myles Walton: Okay. But not in the form  scheme, just pre-tax income is the governing metric?
Gerry Laderman: I think it's just the one that reflects how we expect to do.
Mike Leskinen: Hey, Myles, this is Mike Leskinen. I would just add that even if you think about replacing some of the older aircraft with new technology, you look into 727 MAX aircraft. Even in that scenario, you're getting a mid-teen return on invested capital. And so the return on invested capital, the gating item, we are driving pre-tax margin, but ROICs are well ahead of our weighted average cost of capital and it is a hurdle.
Operator: From Bernstein, we have David Vernon.
David Vernon: So Scott, I wanted to talk kind of at a high level here about how investors should think about the upside you see in decommoditizing travel, we get a little pushback that, that this is just a buzzword, if you will. I'm just wondering if you can talk about how much whether this is just about a revenue premium that you can earn for having higher priced seats on a departure. And if so, if there's a way to think about that relative to kind of maybe the revenue you might have earned without the strategy. And also, if you could talk a little bit about whether this is also about limiting how much of the inventory that you put out in the market is actually exposed to low-cost competition on a day-to-day basis, and how that might be changing over the next couple of years since you implement this United Next strategy.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start and Andrew can add on if you want. On the point about decommoditizing air travel. It's hard to put a precise quantification on it today. But I think customers do care about quality and do care about product. If you get on airplanes and talk to customers or just watch airplanes and people flying. I think that is an inescapable conclusion. There's at least one airline in the U.S. that embarked on this a decade ago and it was quite successful. There's certainly room for two of us in the United States. It's the largest travel market in the country, for two of us to pursue that strategy. And, frankly, United has, I think the most opportunity because our hubs happen to be in the biggest premium markets where our seven hubs are. And so I think there's more upside for us than there is for anyone to pursue this strategy. And so, I don't know for sure how much that turns into in terms of a revenue premium or growth that   is faster than the rest of the industry, because it's not as easy to quantify some of the work that we do, but confident that it will lead to stronger results for United.
Andrew Nocella: The only thing I would add is that, flying approximately 300 single class 50 seaters with no premium product on board at all, up against competitors that had premium products is just a step change function for United as we take that number down. We already saw with the introduction of the CRJ 550, which is our 50 seat, dual class aircraft, really great progress prior to the pandemic on being able to monetize those premium seats. We see our competitors do it all day long. And we were simply underrepresented in this category and flying the wrong aircraft into big cities with no premium seats. And by the way, our hubs have a lot of premium demand. And we just under indexed to it. And that was wrong and we're going to correct it and we're going to correct it really quickly.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi.
Joseph DeNardi: Scott or Gerry, can you talk about CapEx needs on the widebody side? When do you need to address that with an order? When does the delivery start do you think? And then based on that, in what year do you see yourselves getting below 7 billion in CapEx?
Gerry Laderman: Actually, I'm looking at Andrew, who always wants to ask me for aircraft. But keep in mind, over the last few years, we've taken 20, some odd, widebody aircraft, we haven't retired and we have a lot of widebody aircraft, Andrews talked about that. And so the focus right now is really on the narrowbody. And Andrew can provide some color, but I can tell you that it really depends on both the speed of recovery throughout the world. And then the opportunities that Andrew and his team has come with.
Andrew Nocella: Yes, Gerry, I'll just add what I think I've said, but I just saw reiterated that because we took delivery of a large number of widebody aircraft, or we ordered some right prior to the pandemic, those aircraft are coming online over the next 12 months. So we'll have available to schedule up to 30 incremental widebody jets for the summer of 2022. So that really does provide a lot of growth and possibly for a number of years, depending on market conditions. So we'll watch this carefully. The second thing that I said a few weeks ago that I'll say again, is we're carefully looking at the economic lifespan of these widebody jets. And I can tell you prior to the pandemic, we were thinking, many of them particularly the 777 and 767 fleet could go 30 years or more. And I'll give kudos to our maintenance team for keeping these aircraft in great shape. So to allow us to have that optionality. So we do have optionality to fly these aircraft longer than I think people automatically assume. And then, the last thing I'll add is, the interiors on all these aircraft, including the older ones we just been describing have been recently retrofitted, we've completed our entire 777 fleet. And we're close to completing the 767 fleet with brand new interiors, from nose to tail to give a great, great customer experience on board. So with that, we have a lot to think about the widebodies that have just arrived. And we have a lot of brand new aircraft on the inside that are have a long lifespan left. And so we have a lot of optionality and to the extent we want to grow. It will be because we have growth opportunities but we'll monitor that over the next few years. So that's a lot more details than you probably wanted. But that kind of explains where we are from a widebody point of view.
Gerry Laderman: And I'll just add, the fairly straightforward analysis to justify that growth, it goes back to the financial targets that we just talked about, that they need to demonstrate that we can hit those, those returns, which they do.
Andrew Nocella: And I'll add one more because I feel so passionate about this point. The retention of the 767-300 I think gives sending of the airline that has done that a structural competitive advantage. These aircraft between their size and trip costs, CASM and passenger comfort are really amazing machines. And they enabled as I said earlier, this new route to Croatia and many new routes that we're talking about that could otherwise I don't think be flown over the next few years, profitably.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. So this 2025 CapEx, come back down to the $3 billion to $4 billion range or is it still elevated. And then Scott, you talked, I think, last call or the call before about doubling loyalty. EBITDA haven't heard much on that. Is that like an aspirational goal that we should kind of discount significantly? What are the drivers behind being able to do that? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Well, it's our goal, I wouldn't discount it, because I think we're going to do it. But you can choose too, if you want. And this is one of those that, until we have something to announce, it's another one of those that we're not going to have something to announce until we have something to announce, though, I saw the team meeting earlier this morning on it, and they're looking for me later today to get an update. So we are doing, there's a lot of activity on it. But we're not going to have anything to say publicly until we're ready to make probably a big announcement.
Gerry Laderman: And pay on CapEx, it's too early to really give CapEx projections beyond 2023.
Operator: We will now take questions from the media at this time.  Okay. From Wall Street Journal, we have

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 09:40:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2021. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Michael Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Jon Roitman; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. My, what a difference a year makes. Last year at this time, demand was almost completely shut down. And we'd been burning up to $100 million per day. Thanks to our people's hard work, dedication and commitment to doing the right thing for our customers we're in a dramatically different place now. We're proud of the fact that after being up over 30 points last year, our Q1 customer NPS scores were the highest quarterly ever in United's history despite severe winter storms and higher load vectors, a testament to the enduring changes we've made to improve the customer experience. We're also pleased to confirm last week that our core cash flow for the month of March was positive and we continue to expect positive core cash flow moving forward. This confirms the view that we first shared in October 2020 that we could see the light at the end of the tunnel. We're more confident than ever in the recovery and in the long-term earnings power of United Airlines. Even with business and long haul international demand is still off by 80 plus percent. We can now squarely focus on returning to positive adjusted EBITDA as our next milestone. In fact, we now see a clear path to reaching that milestone, even with business and long haul down as much as 70%. In addition, we expect to return to positive net income once business and long haul international recover to down 35%. And as we've maintained from the beginning of the crisis, we're increasingly confident that both business and long haul will eventually recover fully. When that recovery begin, no airline is better positioned to capitalize on it than United, which is why we're so confident about returning to profitability and ultimately exceeding 2019 adjusted EBITDA margins in 2023. We continued our return to new vision in the first quarter and we're making progress towards those milestones. One, a key pillar of returning to new is changing how customers feel about United, so they choose to fly United. In the quarter, we continued to pivot our operational measurement and decision-making to center on our commitment to customers. Jon will talk about this in more detail but at United, we're innovating in ways that not only make us more efficient and improve our cost structure. These changes also drive a better customer experience. We're also solidifying expanding our leadership and sustainability. Last week, we announced the launch of Eco-Skies Alliance, a collaboration with global corporations to build on United's already dominant position when it comes to the use of sustainable aviation fuel. And earlier this year, we announced an agreement with Archer Aviation as part of our effort to invest in emerging technologies for a more sustainable future and we're excited for more to come on this front. United is clearly the sustainability leader in global aviation. But I'm encouraged by conversations I've had with other CEOs around the world, including others in our industry, which revealed that more and more companies are looking to real solutions, like carbon sequestration, to decarbonize our industry and our global economy. Three, the future United Airlines is also committed to being the acknowledged industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. As Brett will detail further, early this month, we outlined our plan to train 5000 pilots at our Aviate Academy by the end of the decade, with a goal that half of the students will be women and people of color. Four, turning to restoring our balance sheet, last week, we announced a new debt offering using our slots, gates and routes as collateral with proceeds to be used to exit the CARES loan. And we expect that this will be our last COVID crisis related debt rate. Five, as Jerry will also detail in the first quarter, we made further progress on our commitment to $2 billion in structural cost reductions to offset inflationary pressures, with nearly 95% of the savings now identified. As we returned anew, this is not the old United Airlines you remember. The new United and our culture have changed for the better for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. As business and international long haul demand recover, we expect to quickly ramp the positive adjusted EBITDA margins, followed by profitability, and then exceeding 2019 adjusted EBITDA margins by 2023. We remain confident in that trajectory and if anything, recent results put us ahead of pace for reaching those goals. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I want to start by reiterating Scott's comments on how the United team performed in the first quarter. In the face of continued uncertainty and some severe winter storms, our team never failed to pull together but we couldn't be prouder of their performance. As just outlined in the first quarter, United made further progress on our commitment to return to new by once again ramping up investments in our customers experience including, modernizing the gate areas in our hubs, reconstructing and expanding United clubs in Newark and Denver, enhancements to the onboard experience like pre-order meal functionality and providing individualized customer feedback to our flight attendants and hard product investments, such as the continuation of our Polaris seat retrofit program and the overhaul of the interior of our narrow body aircraft. In addition, we continued to innovate and lead the industry in safety and cleanliness. We've developed new tools to deliver a safe travel experience for our customers. We are now offering an expanded COVID testing and preclearance program for travelers to Hawaii partnering with Abbott to pilot at home COVID tests for international travelers, rolling out proprietary industry-leading technology and the creation of our travel-ready center where customers can review COVID-19 entry requirements, upload any required records, including proof of COVID-19 vaccination, have them certified and access their boarding pass in advance of arriving at the airport. United is the only airline to offer this integrated capability. In the first quarter, United additionally achieved hospital grade certification for cleaning and safety from the Airline Passenger Experience Association and simpliFlying. United was the first major U.S. carrier to be certified diamond highest possible certification in this scientifically based assessment. And we continued to pursue more ways to make the flying experience as safe as possible. United is also the first airline to roll out touchless check-in for customers with bags, first to require passengers to take an online health assessment before traveling and is the only U.S. airline that is allowing customers to enter contact information for both domestic and international travel to facilitate COVID-19 contact tracing. As we announced earlier this month, we recently restarted the process of hiring pilots and have already announced plans to bring on over 300 as demand continues to rebound. We expect to train more than 5000 pilots over the next decade. We recognize that the competition for the best pilot talent is only going to heat up. So we aren't standing still. United is the only major U.S. airline to own a flight school. It's called Aviate Academy and we recently began accepting applications for the inaugural class. As Scott mentioned, we have ambitious plans to use the program to ensure that the next generation of United pilots is representative of the communities and customers we serve. One of the biggest barriers to the pilot profession is a financial barrier for the training program. Working with our partners at JPMorgan Chase, we've established financial aid programs to offer millions in scholarships so the deserving applicants are no longer turned away just because they can't afford the training. This allows us to successfully recruit the most talented and motivated students and provide a clear path to becoming a first officer at United Airlines. By going more places to find the best talent, eliminating the financial barriers that have previously prevented smart and ambitious young men and women from pursuing a career as a pilot we will ensure that the next generation of United pilots continues to live up to the exacting world class standards of United and our pilots have proudly maintained throughout our history. This program is an excellent example of how our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is more than a reflection of our deeply held values is also a genuine competitive advantage that will deliver important benefits to United's customers and shareholders for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jon Roitman: Thank you, Brett, and good morning, everyone. I would first like to thank my co-workers around the globe, as everything I'm going to talk about would not be possible without them. We will return to new as a much more nimble, agile, modern and efficient operation that puts the customer at the center of everything we do. As Jerry will mention later, we are well on our way to meet our $2 billion cost efficiency target. In operations, we've made the most of the downturn and we're able to develop and execute on a number of projects that will drive meaningful and durable efficiencies. We're quick to market with initiatives during the pandemic and we intend to be quick to market with upcoming modernization work as well. I'd like to highlight a few of the most impactful initiatives that are underway. We recently rolled out agent on demand, a platform that allows customers to scan the QR code anywhere in the airport and be connected with a customer service representative live through video chat. This has proven to be a great way for customers to immediately access the care and service they need, especially during weather events. It also allows us to leverage our network of customer service professionals around the globe more efficiently. Technical operations is enhancing our industry leading United tech mobile platform, which puts relevant and critical functionality at the fingertips of our more than 4000 line maintenance technicians, allowing them to return aircraft to service more efficiently than ever. And we are rolling out similar functionality to other areas of the maintenance team as well. By the end of this year, we will have transitioned our global aircraft parts inventory to a modern warehouse tracking system, which will enable us to manage these assets more efficiently. Also, we're using data analytics and predictive maintenance to further improve reliability and increase aircraft availability. We're also using technology to modernize our existing ground service equipment. We're installing GPS tracking on more than 20,000 pieces of equipment. This will enable us to track our ground assets, deploy the more precisely and reduce our equipment requirements. It will also save time as employees will be able to quickly glance at their device to find the equipment that they need. Another big theme of our return to new is emerging as a more customer friendly airline. Over the past year, we've revolutionized our operating philosophy and culture. If you think about the traditional airline industry operating metrics, A14, [D Zero] [ph], completion factor, they've been around for decades without much change. These metrics are important, but driving towards them can sometimes create suboptimal outcomes for customers. For example, obsessing about D Zero, in many instances leaves connecting customers behind. Connection saver helps solve this at United as we use data to determine when we can hold a flight without causing additional disruption downline. Every day we save many hundreds of connections, in fact, in recent winter storms, we averaged over 2000 saved connections per day. At United, we're committed to updating our infrastructure and changing our mindsets become more customer-centric. We're using data and automation centered on new customer insights to make it simple for employees to make the very best decisions for our customers. In addition, we're leaning hard into artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to solve problems before employees have to deal with them. During the pandemic, we've also strengthened our communication capabilities to connect with our customers during every step of their journey. Sometimes weather and other events disrupt travel and when that happens, we will clearly communicate the situation to our customers in real time and offer actionable options. Nothing demonstrates this better than a recent storm in Denver. The storm is massive lasting multiple days, preventing us from operating at the airport for a day and a half. Several days before the storm long before any other airline, we proactively reached out to more than 200,000 customers to inform them of the risks of their travel. We offer rebooking options and actually added 22 flights before the storm to provide more options for our customers by far the largest such action we've ever taken. Our forecast show 45,000 passengers scheduled to fly through Denver each day through the storm. But through our new proactive strategy, we helped more than half of those customers reschedule their travel and avoid the risk of disruption to their plans. Our forward leaning approach was the right one for our Denver operation and more importantly, the right one for our customers. We recovered our operations days before our competitors and received stellar feedback from our customers with NPS scores of those that we re-accommodated approximately 50% higher than our system average. Consider this customer comment and I quote, We recently had a similar weather disruption when we were traveling on another airline. We would have appreciated it, if the other airline had been proactive in changing our flight. Changing online was super easy too. The bottom line is that the United team didn't let this crisis go to waste. We've used the time to streamline our processes and pursue innovative ideas that are good for our employees, our customers and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Jon. During March, we finally reached that demand inflection point we've been looking for and we continue to see that resurgence today. Vaccine distribution gains in the U.S. have renewed our desire as Americans to travel. Near-term demand strength was driven by domestic and short haul international leisure and VFR customers, not by our business or long haul customers well, at least not yet. Consumer confidence about air travel is clearly strengthening and we see that in all of our customer feedback. In 2020, United led with the smallest decline in TRASM of every single one of our domestic competitors. And for Q1, we expect that continued great relative [TRASM] [ph], pace of the demand recovery really started to accelerate at the end of the quarter with March passenger revenues up 69% versus February. Overall, our PRASM in Q1 2021 was down 43% and TRASM was down was down 27% versus 2019. Capacity was down 54% and total revenue was down 66% versus the first quarter of 2019. Our ATL balances increased by about $725 million in Q1 versus Q4 as the booking curve began to finally return to normal. It's nice to see the ATL balance moving in this manner, as it's the strongest indication of the strengthening of consumer confidence in travel. About 12% of our new tickets are using credits accumulated largely during the pandemic. Throughout the pandemic we have focused on making it simpler for customers to use their credits by making it easier to find, save, check balances and redeem on united.com and our app. The ease use of credits is yet another example of our customer focus along the elimination of change fees in 2020. The customer focus combined with many other commercial and product initiatives such as the completion of Polaris and the opening of new and expanding clubs provide our customers with an increasingly consistent world class experience. At United, we're focused on returning to profitability as quickly as possible and the best way to do that is to balance capacity, real demand and a leading product that our customers choose first. This combination leads to maximizing TRASM. That approach has allowed United to lead the industry not only in TRASM performance during the pandemic, but also on core cash burn, in spite of the fact that United has the largest exposure to long haul international and business demand based on our network. One reason for our strong performance also has been our cargo team, which continued to execute well with record Q1 revenues of $497 million, up 74% versus '19 and up 88% versus 2020. This is just absolutely amazing performance. Our loyalty program, MileagePlus continues to demonstrate its underlying intrinsic value and growth potential. In the quarter, loyalty other operating revenues is down 23% versus overall passenger revenues down 73% versus 2019. Our card partnerships are critical driver of this performance. Co-brand spend growing healthy again and new account acquisition has accelerated largely a fraction of the strong market response to our new non-fee gateway card and our mid-tier Quest card. We also appreciate the productive relationship we built with Chase not only in our cards business, but also helping the Aviate program come to life. As we see more new customers flying United, we're doing a great job of enrolling them in our loyalty program. New member enrollments are accelerating back towards pre-pandemic numbers with a month-over-month enrollment rate increase in about 50% in March and April already outpacing March. For the second quarter, we expect our TRASM to be down around 20% versus the second quarter of '19 and capacity down around 45%. Continued strong cargo demand resurgence in passenger demand and the lengthening of the booking curve positioned United to remain focused on maximizing PRASM, TRASM in the coming months. For April, our book of domestic load factors are only slightly behind 2019 and for May, we're ahead, a marked change from recent history. With these healthy book load factors we've taken the opportunity to manage yields closer to 2019 levels. We booked domestic leisure yields above 2019 starting in mid-June and expect passenger load factors in excess of 80%. Our ability to reach 2019 yield levels at this point provides us confidence we're on the road to recovery with a realistic capacity plan to achieve that. Long haul international line represents a significant opportunity for United. We have seen in recent weeks that immediately after a country rise access with proof of a vaccine leisure demand returns to the level of 2019 quickly. We've adjusted our schedule to take advantage of these opportunities this spring and summer. A few weeks ago there was a rumor Greece was going to open. As soon as that rumor occurred, our Greece bookings took off. Athens is our second best booked Atlantic market this summer and we're excited to announce yesterday the addition of a second daily flight to Greece this summer from our Dulles hub complimenting our newer flight. Iceland which also permits access with vaccine proof is our best booked Atlantic destination this summer. And as a result we announced yesterday plans to operate Chicago service this summer, in addition to our normal Newark service. We also announced plans to begin service between Newark and Croatia this summer in another country that permits access with proof of a vaccine. Looking back into Q1, we feared the new mandatory testing obligation for returning from Mexico would dampen our results to spring. We even cut capacity to Mexico beach resorts anticipating this reduction. Well, we were wrong and we quickly reinstated that capacity as more of our customers quickly adapted to the new requirements. As we look forward to our capacity levels in most parts in the year Latin America and now above 2019 levels. Wherever we look in Latin America, where access is permitted we see leisure demand in 2019 levels are greater. We look forward to the opening of more and more countries as vaccine distribution increases and governments ease restrictions. We have the aircraft standby ready to fly this summer. For example, we anticipate operating between 8 and 10 daily flights to London Heathrow this summer, if and when a travel corridor is permitted to open. We believe it's very possible that our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA will be positive this year even if long haul and domestic business travel remained depressed at approximately down 70% versus 2019 levels for the remainder of the year. However, after seeing the strong inflection point for domestic leisure traffic this March, we remain cautiously optimistic we could see a lot more demand later this summer for business traffic, both at home and around the world lifting our financial results. We continue to talk to our corporate clients about the timings and what a rebound of business travel looks like as we consider our capacity plans for the second half of '21. We expect the post summer positive inflection point in business travels demand and a strong acceleration into 2022. Hopefully surpassing the down to 70% levels I mentioned earlier, maybe by early fall. Our best guess is that a rebound will be correlated with schools reopening in person and more people returning to the office. A year ago, United got at it right by forecasting a deeper and longer impact from COVID when everyone else thought it was short, but we are now uniquely positive on the recovery given the data we see and expect a full return in business and long haul international demand. Again, every data point we see confirms that demand will recover and United is uniquely set up to thrive in that environment. We have our fleet standing by including our full wide body compliment, we chose not to retire our 767 fleet and remain committed to that call. In fact, we expect that the continued use of the 767 fleet will provide us a unique size and cost platform in many markets providing us a strategic edge going forward. Early in the pandemic, we entered an industry-leading deal with our pilots to avoid furloughs and minimize consuming training events, which has already -- has us ready to bounce back, a win for United and our pilots. However, to be clear business traffic recovery so far, given where we are a full schedule is not warranted in the coming months. We also took the opportunity in the pandemic to rationalize our use of single class 50 seat RJs down to three partner airlines allowing us to deliver a more reliable and cost efficient product. Our fleet of dual-class 50 seats CRJ 550 continues to expand, allowing us to deliver a world-class product to smaller communities across the United States. We are now on track to operate our full schedule from Newark later this year after slot waivers have ended, and all flights will be operated with dual class aircraft by the time we get into 2022. NPS results from our CRJ 550 passengers are some of our best. United has 94 large narrow-body airplanes arriving in 2022 and 2023, which will finally start us on the path of raising our aircraft gauge. We've long talked about this gauge mismatch versus our gigantic of markets and our primary competitors. Closing our North American gauge gap is one of our biggest opportunities and it's been proven successful many times over by others and will also be a large positive to our NPS scores. We also remain bullish on our plan to grow connectivity in our Midtown hubs and the improved revenue financial performance that plan will bring regardless of the domestic competitive environment over the next few years. We are focused on our 2023 EBITDA results beating 2019 levels and delivering on the more than 2 billion and structural cost savings as we become more and more efficient on everything we do. With that I wanted to thank the entire United team for their amazing work this quarter. And I'll hand it off to Gerald.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2021, we reported a pre- tax loss of $1.8 billion and an adjusted pre tax loss of $3.1 billion. We ended the quarter with $21 billion of available liquidity, including funds available under our revolving credit facility and the CARES Act Loan program. Average daily cash burn for the first quarter of 2021 was $9 million per day, representing a $10 million per day improvement versus the fourth quarter of 2020. As evidence of the improving demand environment, average daily, cash flow in the month of March was positive and we expect core cash flow to remain positive moving forward. We are excited to reach this milestone and no longer expect to discuss cash burn metrics going forward. Instead, we will begin to discuss metrics such as adjusted EBITDA margin that reflect our focus on the return to profitability. Last week, we priced and expect to close tomorrow, a significant debt transaction that represents the final piece of our COVID liquidity plan. Using our international route franchise and key domestic slots as collateral, we will be replacing the CARES Act Loan with a combination of $4 billion in secured notes and $5 billion in term loans with both better economics and an improved maturity profile. Specifically have we borrowed the full $7.5 billion available to us, under the CARES Act loan and including existing debt maturities, we would have had over $10 billion of debt maturing in 2025. With this new transaction, we've effectively spread these maturities over the period from 2025 to 2029. In addition, with most of the new transaction issued in the term loan market, we retained prepayment flexibility, which will be enormously helpful as we reduce that and strengthen the balance sheet moving forward. Finally, the transaction allows us to extend our revolving credit facility by three years from 2022 to 2025. While we no longer expect to use the CARES Act loan, we are grateful to the United States Treasury Department, of the critical support they provided to the airline industry. Without the backstop provided by their loan commitment, we would not have achieved our liquidity goals through the crisis. We believe we now have more than enough liquidity to allow us to successfully navigate through the remainder of the COVID crisis and position ourselves for a strong recovery. In fact, going forward, we expect our debt raising activity to be routine in nature, such as financing for new aircraft or refinancing transactions. As Scott noted, we are not currently expecting a full recovery in business and international demand this year. Despite that headwind, we expect our second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin to improve by over 40 percentage points from negative 65% in the first quarter, to close to negative 20% in the second quarter. Moving forward, we expect to see continuing improvement in adjusted EBIT margins in future quarters. And as Andrew said, even if business and long haul international demand are down 70% we believe it's very possible our adjusted EBIT that will be positive later this year. And while the timing isn't certain any kind of business or long haul international recovery, gives us a straightforward path to positive net income and return to 2019 adjusted EBITDA margins end higher. On costs, we will be able to leverage our cost structure more efficiently as we ramp our operation back up. We currently expect our second quarter operating expenses excluding special items to be down around 32% versus the second quarter of 2019 on capacity down around 45%. Looking quarter-over-quarter this represents a two point change in year over two year operating expense on an increase in capacity of almost 10 points, versus the first quarter of 2021. As our operation normalizes along with demand, we expect incremental structural benefit from identified cost savings initiatives, we are confident that we will achieve over $2 billion in structural cost reductions, which are both permanent and independent of any additional benefits related to increased average aircraft gauge that we can expect as we take delivery of large narrow-body aircraft in the coming years. Of the $2 billion, we now have identified initiatives totaling $1.9 billion in savings, up from the $1.4 billion identified as of January of this year. Here are some examples. As previously discussed, we have more than $300 million of annual savings driven by management and administrative positions that have been permanently eliminated as we strive to be a leaner and more efficient organization. This reduction is durable as evidenced by the fact that we recently exercised their option to permanently return three floors to have landlord at our headquarters in Chicago. In addition, we've identified over $900 million in savings related to a combination of productivity programs and cost benefits driven by our voluntary separation programs. Nearly 13,000 people voluntarily retired through our programs in the past year. In addition to these retirements, we will be a more efficient organization going forward due to initiatives like agent on demand and digitized technical data that Jon discussed. Agent on demand is not only a win for its efficiency, but also win for our customers. You don't have to wait in line to get an answer to a simple question and win prior employees as well as congestion at the gate will be reduced. Finally, should we should see more than $400 million in structural cost savings due to long-term contract renegotiations as we took advantage of the unusual circumstances of the past year, as well as more than $200 million resulting from real estate consolidation. These initiatives give us further confidence in our ability to achieve CASM x flat or better to 2019 by 2023. While the pace of recovery has certainly accelerated in recent weeks, we remain committed to structural cost reductions and ultimately paying down debt. We are also squarely focused on returning to profitability and pre-crisis margins as reinvesting in critical areas while reducing fixed costs will enable us to maximize United's earnings power post pandemic. And finally, we have more confidence than ever in the United team and our ability to achieve our goals, including positive adjusted EBITDA, followed by profitability and ultimately exceeding 2019 EBITDA margins by 2023 at the latest. With that, we can start the Q&A.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Jerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community, please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth.
Savanthi Syth: Appreciate the color on how you're thinking about leisure and business recovery. I was curious on the international front, if you could talk about based on what you're seeing and hearing today, how you think the individual three entities will recover over the next couple of years?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Savi. It's Andrew. I'll give it a try. I think short haul Latin is already there. It's not a very business centric region for us. And demand there looks very strong, yields are a little bit weak. But that's moving ahead nicely. I do think we're pretty bullish on that part of the world. In regards to Asia and Europe, it's really hard to say I think at this point, I would tell you, I think Europe is on a faster recovery pace than Asia, but only time will tell. And as I said earlier, we're prepared to begin quite a bit of flying to the U.K. this summer, if that does open up. So I do think Europe is likely a little bit ahead of Asia. Latin America is ahead of both at this point. Hopefully that provides some color for you.
Savanthi Syth: That's helpful. And if I might just, a clarifying question from Jerry, on the kind of the last debt raised here is, what do you expect from a kind of the interest expense standpoint looking forward once this is kind of won and done?
Gerald Laderman: Hi, Savi. Look, there's no question when you more or less double your debt, you're going to double interest expense. But we're done with our significant debt raising. That's COVID-related and as I said going forward, there will be more routine type transactions and ultimately, we are going to be paying down debt reducing the interest expense. But one thing I point out is that, we got through this crisis, call it 20 billion of debt raise at actually very attractive rates. Historically, when airlines have been dealing with crises like these, you'd see them issue debt at double digit interest rates. All this post-COVID debt we raise had probably a blended interest rate, just over 5%. So extraordinarily attractive rates, even in this environment, no question. We have a lot of debt, more debt than we would like, obviously, and we will focus very hard over the next few years on managing that debt down.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg.
Michael Linenberg: I guess two questions here. The first two, Andrew, you talked about having wide bodies, ready to go for the summer, the Max airplanes that have been grounded, how many were grounded due to electrical? When do they come back? And then, the high density 777s that have been grounded do they come back this summer or is the risk that they don't come back at all?
Scott Kirby: Thanks for the question, Mike. I think I'll hand it over to Jon Roitman, our Head of Operations and he can talk about the return to service for both aircraft.
Jon Roitman: Great. Thank you, Andrew. And thanks for the question. Let's start with the Max, we have 17 of our 30 Max aircraft that are out of our schedule, obviously, due to the electrical grounding issue that Boeing identified. And we have really good collaboration with Boeing, the FAA, we think the solution, once it's formally identified, is relatively straightforward. And we're looking forward to getting those aircraft back in the very near future. Relatively Pratt powered 777, again, really productive collaboration with Pratt, Boeing and the FAA. And this progress and relative to that airplane to look forward to getting that aircraft back to safe operations in the future.
Michael Linenberg: Great. And then, just a second question and maybe you can answer this, Andrew. I know, you recently launched the JFK service. And I know that you're out there looking for additional slots, permanent slots. I did see from your recent debt raise that some of the slot that were excluded from collateral pool were I think something on the order of 88 slots at JFK. Are those daily slot and at what point do those slots come back to you? Presumably, they're on some sort of long term lease?
Andrew Nocella: That's an awfully complicated question, Mike. I'll try to keep it high level, but we may have to kind of go offline. So the company is engaged in slot transactions over many, many years, quite frankly, long before I got here. So at this point, in JFK, we're operating a few flights per day to Los Angeles and San Francisco, which we're excited to do after our five year absence. And we're looking forward to be able to maintain our JFK slots, and grow our operation. But we are working with the FAA to use idle field capacity that's available to us going forward versus the slots that you were referring to in those documents. But I'll we'll be happy to take this offline, if you need any more answers than that. Slot transactions over many eons are pretty complicated to track in this type of call.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker.
Helane Becker: So I have two questions. One is probably for Scott or Brett, I think it's amazing that you guys are going down this path of culture and diversity and increasing the number of women and obviously, I would think that right with women and others in the pilot ranks. And you're being trolled on some social media platforms and other platforms for that decision. And people are saying that it's an unsafe choice. So what do you say to them? To convince them that people like me, I mean, not me, obviously, but people like me can be a safe pilot. And then, the other question is a business related question with respect to how you're thinking about - I think Andrew said that, Latin was outperforming the rest of international right now. Are you thinking about that just in terms of adding more service to the region to capture more travel down there or are you kind of happy with the exposure you have? So thanks very much.
Brett Hart: This is Brett. I will take the first question. So we, as you think about, like question, we think that a true untapped, well of talent out there is with women and people of color. That we think that there have been true limitations in terms of their ability to get into this profession and one has been a clear understanding of the path to become a pilot with a major carrier like United, which we are clarifying with the Aviate program -- with the Aviate Academy. But also and most particular, it is the financial impairment and we all know that it can cost upwards of $100,000 to go through the entire process of becoming a pilot and eventually becoming a pilot at a major commercial airline. So we think that at the end of the day, there's an enormous amount of talent out there in these areas where that we can, quite frankly, be advantaged by pursuing. You just have to make sure that people understand that the opportunities are available. And the other thing to keep in mind is that, there's nothing about our selection process, nothing about the certification process and the FAA, nothing about the training program that is changing in any way, shape, or form. We're talking about 5000 pilots over the course of what is the better part of the next decade and up to 50% we're targeting for women and people of color. That is not an outrageous number of people in a country of over 300 million people. And I'm sure you agree with that and I'm sure that most people can understand that logic as well but we're excited. And at the end of the day, we think this will be a competitive advantage for us.
Scott Kirby: Helane in regards from the second part of your question, in Latin America, what I would say is, this summer, we're planning to be at our 2019 levels already and there's very few parts of our airline, we're at that level. We have a great Latin American franchise. However, it's been historically very Houston-centric and we've taken the opportunity in the recent months and going forward to diversify that portfolio to now include more out of Los Angeles, Washington and New York and our intention is to keep that. And so we're really excited about that. We're going to take our Latin system from very Houston-centric to more diversified across the entire United network.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay.
Hunter Keay: Believe, this one is first Scott, want to talk about labor for a minute? I'm kind of curious what you might prioritize in a post-COVID world that might be new and out of the box, I kind of look to you is sort of the most likely airline to craft something that's flexible and creative, forward thinking. Is it maybe some flexibility on like, minimum pay maybe like, scope? Well, what are your priorities, if you think about sort of re-crafting these CBAs?
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks for giving us the kudos for being the ones that are most likely to think creative. I think you're correct. But unfortunately, we're not -- we have some ideas, but they have to be win-win solutions, I think there are some ways to create win-win solutions. We demonstrated that with our pilots, going through the crisis, where we negotiated a deal with them that's going to turn out quite well for them. Because the payroll support program meant that some of the insurance policy that we bought wasn't really needed. But it was a fantastic and important for us to be able to keep the airline intact and be ready to come back on the other side of the crisis. And it's an example of the kind of win-win solutions that we can have. I think we've created a lot of trust as we've gone through the crisis with our Union partners and with the front line, one of the addition -- in addition to minimizing our cash burn, one of the other benefits of be accurate, about predicting the course of the crisis has been the credibility that we've gained with our team. And because I think we're going to have some opportunities but I'm not prepared to share here today, until we get them nailed down with our teams at a negotiating table. But thanks for the kudos.
Hunter Keay: Yes, no problems, guys. Thank you. And then, Jerry, just to follow up on an earlier question, on the debt. Any updated thoughts on how you're thinking about, well, I guess, it's a simple question, I can think about the ATL now that it's building again. And then, how much of these debt maturities over the next few years, you expect to roll versus pay down? Just sort of as you see things right now. Thank you.
Gerald Laderman: Hey, look, we're all happy to see the ATL building, as we kind of get back to a healthy industry. In terms of debt maturities, well, certainly this year, we have what I would describe as normal debt maturities, I think it's out somewhere to $1.5 billion and $2 billion. And, we will continue, particularly for aircraft debt as it amortizes and matures, aircraft become unencumbered. That's a good thing. There'll be a mix. We are laser focused on paying down debt. And the pace of that will depend on the pace of the recovery and so we'll balance combination of paying down debt, maybe a little bit of refinancing of some of the debt. And then, the big sort of variable we have is how much new aircraft financing we would do. One of the quickest ways to move to lower debt balances, it's pay cash for aircraft, but even that's not off the table going forward. So we'll see.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker.
Jamie Baker: First one for Andrew, when in the absence of much corporate demand, how much of your domestic capacity is allocated to basic economy fares right now? And how does that compare to this point in 2019?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Jamie. I will try to answer it that way, I would say that, given where we are in the pandemic and how demand looks and everything else that we've seen occur over the last 12 months, basic economy is a small portion of our business right now -- below, in single digits is what I'm saying.
Jamie Baker: Okay. That's helpful. And not meaningfully different this time in 2019, I mean, single digit then as well?
Andrew Nocella: In the past, it was a higher number.
Jamie Baker: Oh, okay, interesting. And then, second, I'll direct this to Scott. Scott, you've been generous with us in the past in sharing your views on the competitive interplay between your airlines business model and that ultra low cost carriers, how does the COVID experience alter that competitive dynamic in your opinion?
Scott Kirby: I don't, well, if anything, I don't think in the long-term, it altered it a whole lot. Other than I would say that as we went through the pandemic, the fact that United Airlines had -- would should have the most exposure to COVID of any airline in the country, we have the biggest business demand, we have the largest international network and those are the two things that are still down over 80%. We should have by all rights been hit the hardest. But we have -- it's hard to sort through all the numbers because everyone reports cash burn and things differently, including us, by the way. But, if I look at cash flow from operations, which I started to do, because that at least is a GAAP metric and there are fewer adjustments to it, then you adjust it for size. We pretty consistently have been the number one or number two airline, not just compared to our big network carrier competitors but compared to a low cost carrier competitors. And that's remarkable and I mean we had a head start in this race and we have managed to stay ahead. And what that means is, we have prepared ourselves and primed ourselves, for when the recovery really comes back. And the fact that, we can be at the front of the pack or near the front of the pack, while we have, essentially two-thirds of our business down 80%, which by the way, just for round numbers, sort of roughly a third of our business is domestic leisure, a third is domestic business, a third is long haul International, those numbers aren't exact, but they're close enough for government work. And, we saw two thirds of our business down 80% and we're still able to put up those kinds of results. Those two things are coming back. I am confident I'll give you one anecdote, Jamie, I'm giving a long answer to the question. But I'll give you one anecdote on business demand, which is, I've been talking to one of the CEOs of one of our biggest travel partners, as we've gone through the crisis. And I can remember last summer, that CEO telling me that I needed to prepare for business demand to permanently be down by 50%. Because they realized -- because Zoom was great and they were -- it changed how they were going to interact. By the time we got into the fall, that same CEO had said, well, we're going to get back to 100% with our customers, because we realize we have to do that. And we're losing ground with customers by not being in front of them and losing opportunities. But we're never going back to all the internal meetings that we used to have. So we'll be down 20% to 30%. I talked to that same CEO earlier this year and said, well, as soon as the restrictions are lifted, at least for the first year, we've lost some of our cultural connectivity. We've had new hires, a lot of new hires coming in, there's no way they can be a part of our culture sitting at home. So we're going to probably have to go 20% to 30%, more than we did in 2019. And I tell that story, because it's what we have thought at United all the way back to a year ago, which is that, we expected full recovery in business demand because business travel is about relationships. It is not about transactions. It is about relationships and you cannot build human relationships through a medium like this. And so that's, a long way of saying, we have our business are still the hardest impacted by the endogenous environment, the lack of business demand and the lack of international travel. But we're performing at the front of the pack in spite of that, and those two things are coming back and when they do, we are going to be in the lead. I have no doubt about it, but this is going to be the number one airline. Because if we can be at or near the front of the pack, with those two massive headwind when those headwinds turn into tailwind, it's going to be really gangbusters here at United. So I'm excited about the future and what it means for competing with low cost carriers and with everyone else around the world.
Operator: From Bernstein, we have David Vernon.
David Vernon: Andrew, first question for you on the domestic turn environment around leisure, is there a way you can help us understand kind of how fares today for leisure travel on a like-for-like basis or trending relative to maybe 2019 level? Not only just in the quarter, but as you look out in the booking curve for the summer months? I'm just trying to get a sense for -- the industry engaged in sort of demand stimulation here? Or is this just a question of demand is coming back and you're able to take fares up with that rising demand?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, I'll give it a try. David, we know we've been really focused on trying to figure out how to manage yields going forward. And quite frankly, as we look forward to this summer, particularly certainly in mid-June, we see our domestic leisure yields as positive versus 2019. And that's one of the things from an RM perspective we've been talking about a long time is how do we get our pricing and yield to -- look, really, sorry, yields to look like they were in the past. And I think we've made incredible progress. That is not necessarily true in Q2. Our yield outlook is, as you see reflected in our revenue, outlook, not as strong, we were selling lower yields in the Q2 period, earlier in the year. But we do see this inflection point it is in mid-June. And I'm really pleased to see that we expect to have low factors that start with [8] [ph] and yield, hopefully from a domestic leisure point of view, that are positive year-for-year. I mean, we still have a long way to go. And this summer is still quite a ways off. But I'm really actually quite bullish that we've turned the corner on that.
David Vernon: That's really helpful. Thank you. And then Jerry, maybe to follow up on the question before about the leveraging, if we get to that level of say, 2023 and EBITDA margins are better, can you book end, or is there a way to think about, an annual rate of debt reduction, like how steep should we be thinking about that deleveraging sort of curve happening? And I know, there's going to be a lot of quotes and things with their capital risk, things like that. But if you think about how much cash you might ever want to pay down at that future, even margin level, what number should we be kind of penciling out on an annual basis.
Andrew Nocella: And you answered your own question. There are lots of puts and takes. And it will also depend on the cadence of new aircraft deliveries and what we expect to do there. So it's a little premature to answer that, that question. And we have a lot of flexibility in our ability to pay down debt. That's why we kept as much debt as we could free payable to give us that flexibility.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I wanted to ask you about visibility, just the general concept of revenue visibility, as the booking curve recovers, your visibility should start to recover your capacity plan feels fairly tight out into 2Q, certainly relative to some of your legacy peers. It doesn't sound like you're expecting much of any acceleration close in, which could happen. It could happen in a month like June. So where does visibility stand today versus normal times. And are we getting back to putting out guides that you hope to exceed.
Andrew Nocella: I'll start Duane.. So thanks for that question. You guys on the analysts on this call have been remarkably polite to us today. Because, as we can see, in both the stock price and in our pre-calls, according to Mike Leskinen, then the only thing everyone cared about was, why is the revenue guide different than other airlines, we obviously going to take this opportunity to -- that's close enough to your question to attempt to address it. And first I've rewind to 13 months ago, March 10 of 2020 at the JPMorgan conference, where we talked about the fact that we thought this was going to be deep and last longer and we were the only airline who did that. This now is the fifth quarter in a row since then, where we've been on calls where our outlook felt more are conservative I suppose, than our competitors last four, it's turned out to be true. And on March 10 of last year, we actually, first coined the term hope is not a strategy. And I just happened to be reading another book on Winston Churchill, the splendid and the Vile, I've read a bunch I love Winston Churchill and I came across last night, a quote that I think is relevant for this. The day after -- the morning after Churchill had just been nominated the Prime Minister -- become the Prime Minister of England, in the darkest hour, the whole quote is great, but the end of it is, although impatient for the morning, I slept soundly and had no need for cheering dreams, that are better than dreams. And my God, I couldn't agree more. And we have used facts, data science and logic to guide our approach. And just forcing back already said this on the call that our business is sort of 1/3 domestic leisure, 1/3rd domestic business, 1/3 International. We've already said the domestic business and international are down 80%. And it's not likely that that's going to change tomorrow, they're getting better, they're going to gradually get better as business travel, comes back, and as borders reopen. But with business travel with two-thirds your business off 80% it's really hard for me to make the math work and say 90% or 100% of the schedule is the optimal answer. Yes, we could fly 40% more capacity, we'd probably generate 10% more revenue. And we'd probably drive 20% more costs. And so we would burn more cash. For what it's worth, nobody knows when business demand or international are going to come back for sure. But we've been more accurate than most. And so I'll give you my best guess. I think business demand really starts to come back with the fall semester, as kids are back in school. We have to have people back in office buildings. If you go to, I've been going to Chicago, I've been to New York. But if you go to downtown Chicago, the streets are empty, have to have people back in office buildings, which I think probably starts in the fall that begins business travel, I think it probably really begins in earnest in January, when people have come back and had a chance to put business travel back into the budget that's not in the budget for this year. But business travel back into their budgets and business travel can really begin in earnest. International demand is going to be entirely contingent on when borders open. We took over 3000 bookings yesterday for our new services that we launched to Greece, Iceland in Croatia, if the U.S., U.K. opens up. I think you're going to have a hard time finding a hotel room in the U.K. because there's going to be so many people wanting to go. But international borders aren't going to all reopen immediately. And my guess is that happens sometime next year. And so, in terms of visibility, we're not going to have a ton of visibility ahead of you are when you do. When you start to see people and office buildings in downtown Manhattan and it's hard to get a table at lunch, you'll know the business travel is probably back. When you see borders open and the ability to go with vaccines internationally, you'll start to know that international travel is back. And while we've been more conservative about the short-term forecasts, we have been consistent and remain consistent, that we have incredible confidence in the long-term. I'm more convinced than ever with every data point, we see that both business demand and long haul international are coming back. That's why we focused on 2023. As opposed to what the next quarter is going to be the next quarter is about timing of things that are outside of our control. The 2023 is an area where we can have high coffins I actually think it's probably a little earlier than that now, but certainly by 2023. And so while we are a little -- while we are more conservative about the near term, it's also being accurate means we burn less cash, which means we have more resources to invest in the recovery. And the other analogy I've been using is, we're still in the preseason right now, the regular season hasn't started yet. And these are the warm up games. And I don't care as much about winning the preseason games as I do about winning every single game and the white regular season and then winning the Super Bowl. And we're setting our team up to win the regular season and the Super Bowl when it begins but hadn't started yet. It's going to start, it's clear that we see the light at the end of the tunnel. But it just hasn't started yet. So hopefully that got close enough to your answer to Duane.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi.
Joseph DeNardi: Two quick ones, I think. Andrew along the lines of getting back to positive yields and loads with the start with -- that eight by June what percentage of 2019 capacity does that assume you're flying domestically? What's the capacity assumption behind that?
Andrew Nocella: As you go through the quarter that June is our inflection point where we add a lot more capacity. We will get back to you with the exact domestic number. But it's in June where we have the inflection change and we're definitely doing a lot more domestic than we are doing international.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. And then just a clarification, I think you said that co-brand spend is now positive versus 2019. Correct me if that's wrong? And then maybe a question for Andrew or Scott, like when you think about kind of the factors that give you confidence that demand will not be structurally impaired as a result of COVID? How much how important is what you're seeing on the Co-brand portfolio? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: To your first one, I did not say that, just to be clear. I think the portfolio is, in many ways, just a great asset for United along with the whole frequent flyer program. And we are pleased to nurture it and grow it. And again, it has not been impacted nearly as much as the top-line passenger revenue number as we thought would be and it is actually the case, you're really pleased by that. So we're really focused on growing it. We've seen things starting to return to normal, though we're not exactly at normal. We've wanted two new cards recently, the most recent is the Quest card. And Chase has been an excellent partner in building all of this. And we think we have a lot of runway in front of us for the card, as well as for the entire program. So a lot more to come on this. We have high expectations, and we think we're going to deliver a lot of value out of the program in the long run.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Reuters, we have David Shepardson.
David Shepardson: Thanks for having the call today. I want to follow up on the 777 powered by the Pratt-Whitney engines. Walk us through the schedule that will take to inspect those plans and get them return to service. And when do you anticipate the first planes being returned to service?
Jon Roitman: As I alluded to before, it's just too premature for us to outline what that schedule looks like. I'll just tell you that, again, we've had really productive collaboration with and there's progress. And, we're really looking forward to getting the aircraft back in the air safely.
Operator: From CNN, we have Chris Isidore.
Chris Isidore: Yes, as you're talking about doing hiring. When would you expect that you would get totally to 2019 hiring levels mean staffing levels again? Or do you think that even when traffic is bad, you'll be functioning with fewer employees? And how many fewer employees?
Jon Roitman: So we do expect when we return to new to be more efficient. We look at things like our management, administrative headcount, and we're going to keep it at a permanently lower level, for example. So I think we will be back to 100% headcount, when we're back to a little more than 100% of our 2019 capacity, which likely happen into this year or sometime in the next year.
Operator: From Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman.
Justin Bachman: I wanted to ask two part question first on the 737 max and the return there. Could you talk a little bit about what sort of time lengths that work will take and when you expect those to get through and if there are any more max, if you're inspecting for any other issues? And then, secondly, a question for Andrew on yields, could you talk a little bit about how that, through the summer and then change into the fall as far as any capacity cuts that come in the fall and you expect yields to improve then or how's that looking for the winner?
Jon Roitman: Thank you. Jon Roitman, again, I'll take the max question is, as I mentioned before, that, we have progress, and the solution seems relatively straightforward, for sure. We're in the space of just getting the service bulletin requirements finalized. And it should be pretty short process, once that's completed. Really looking forward to getting that aircraft back. And there's no other issues with the Mac's other than the 17 of our 30. That are out of our schedule right now to the grounding issue.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now turn it back on Michael Leskinen for closing remarks.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Brandon. And I'm going to let Andrew finish answering the last question. And then, I'll and then I'll give closing remarks.
Jon Roitman: Hi, Justin. Regards to your yield question, as we said, we are seeing a lot more clarity in terms of this summer, where our yields are domestically or leisure oriented business are starting to look positive, which is great to see. As we enter into the fourth quarter, that's really a long time away, particularly in the latter parts of the pandemic. So I don't want to -- my crystal ball is not perfectly clear, to be honest. And a big part of it plays into the rebound in business traffic, which again, we expect to see quite a bit more of as we get into the fall, particularly as the kids go back to schools and folks start to return into their offices in September. So October is usually a very strong business month for United Airlines. And I think the industry and we'll have to see how that works out. But we're carefully managing our capacity and we expect to be significantly larger as we kind of go through the process over the next few months in fall. And we're making sure we do that with the right pricing and yield strategies for United Airlines. So we're moving in the right direction. And I think those are my comments.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thanks to everyone for joining the call today. Please contact investor or media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-21 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020. My name is Jenny, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. . This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors.  Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina, and thank you all for joining our call today. 2020 was a year of going through hell, but we kept going. And a few years from now at United, we'll look back at 2020 as the year that gave us the opportunity to structurally change the airline for the better. I want to express my sincere gratitude for the outstanding work of the United team during such a difficult time. 
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I want to start by echoing Scott's words, expressing our gratitude to the entire United family for their hard work and perseverance throughout 2020. While 2020 was an extremely challenging year, I'm proud of the way our employees came together to respond, and as a result, close the year with our highest customer satisfaction scores. Scott is right that the pandemic has fundamentally changed our airline forever. We doubled down on innovation and took advantage of this opportunity to make sweeping changes across every aspect of our business. But nowhere were those changes more critical and more profound than the steps we have taken to ensure the safety of our customers and our employees.  Testing, tracing, vaccines and advocacy related to these elements with the U.S. and foreign governments are the best way to get orders open and people flying again, taking each of these in turn. As more countries around the world and states in the U.S. put up barriers to travel to contain the spread, we have advocated for passenger testing as an alternative to quarantines and restrictions. 
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. We ended the fourth quarter with total revenue down 68.7% and passenger revenue down 75.7% on capacity down 57%. Within the quarter, we reduced capacity versus our initial guidance with demand tracking below our expectations. It was nice to see Christmas perform better than Thanksgiving with fewer close-in cancellations, but I can't help but think back to 2019 Thanksgiving performance, where United shattered all revenue records, lifted by the momentum of our commercial and customer initiatives. Obviously, with the pandemic, our 2020 performance was quite the opposite.  Our cargo team continued to execute in the quarter with an impressive 77% increase in revenue. And of course, we gained a bit of traction for flying the first of the vaccines from Europe, which we're very proud to have done. As Scott mentioned before, our team has been preparing for the vaccine transport since April and played a critical role in distribution of that very precious cargo.  Our total passenger revenue continued to be pressured and was down almost 76% in the quarter. Unsurprisingly, leisure and VFR destination continued to be a source of some strength. Our Latin region led the charge with passenger revenues down 65% for the quarter. Our loyalty and other revenue in the quarter was down about 20%, showing the resiliency of that business. Domestically, passenger revenue was down 72% for the quarter. Our Mid-Con hubs in Denver and Houston outperformed the other hubs in the system. Atlantic and Pacific passenger revenues continued to be severely impaired at down 88% and 91%, respectively.  Given the spike in cases and even tougher border controls, demand has once again stalled, and we expect first quarter 2020 revenue -- total revenue to remain down 65% to 70% versus 2019 with capacity down at least 51%. In other words, we don't expect a material improvement in the -- over the fourth quarter revenue results based on what we see today. Our outlook does not take into account any potential positive uptick in bookings driven by improved vaccine distribution in the quarter nor in April where we expect not to see a normal spring break.  Well, I guess that's a pretty sober outlook for Q1 relative to what many had hoped for. The really encouraging long-term news is we have been spending a lot of time talking to our corporate customers, our travel agency partners and general customers and know a demand recovery is coming and expect it will look like the following.  The recovery will look like an S curve. We expect to remain on the flat part of that curve for early 2021. Recent international test requirements will be a short-term negative, but a medium and long-term positive as a way for consumers and businesses to regain confidence and borders to come down.  Our surveys indicate the cleaning and testing actions United has implemented are beginning to increase confidence materially. Demand will increase sharply at the point where vaccines have been widely distributed and border restrictions are eased and not prior. Expect that in the second half of 2021, possibly sooner if vaccine distribution improves.  Leisure demand will recover quickly, likely in a few months driven by pent-up demand following the vaccine. Business demand will take 18 to 24 months to recover. And assuming that we correct, we expect that to be -- assuming that's correct, we expect that to remain down in 2022.  Businesses will have less travel related to internal meetings in the medium term, but that will be offset in part by pent-up demand for standard business travel related to getting production and products back to market that have been delayed and increased employee travel related to remote work. We expect domestic capacity will be running ahead of demand during the recovery.  We also expect industry international capacity to be high -- to be behind demand due to many structural changes announced industry-wide to date. Traditional major markets in Europe and Asia will recover in 2022, but we expect emerging international markets to be stronger in the near term. So what does all of that mean for United and our short- and medium-term plans? Given our demand recovery outlook, we expect international profits will return quicker and stronger than domestic. In the past -- in the last cycle, domestic margin performance was clearly above international, and we expect domestic margins may be under some pressure at the beginning of this next post-COVID cycle, given all the data we have analyzed.  United clearly was less well positioned to take advantage of the domestic margin performance in the last cycle, but we are well positioned to take advantage of these -- of the expected international opportunity in front of us. We at United have diversified our international network given these expectations with increased service to Latin America, India, the Middle East and Africa.  United sub cities are optimally positioned to be -- to best participate in this recovery. United's coastal gateway cities are simply the best gateways for overseas travel to Europe and Asia. We also plan to get back on track with enhancing connectivity in our Mid-Con hubs and pushing aircraft gauge up as we retire our single-class 50-seat jets. While domestic margins may be under more pressure in the next cycle relative to the last, we intend to offset that pressure with changes to gauge and connectivity, a measurement we trail our key competitors on by a substantial margin. Timing is now right to restart investments in our business that will drive better customer satisfaction through consistency of products such as Polaris, easy experience of our customer via digital innovations, increased use of the CRJ-550 as we retire the single-class 50 seaters, larger overbins and many more. These investments are all contemplated with the commitment to flat CASM-ex in 2023 versus 2019.  With sufficient liquidity available to us, many investments for the future have restarted, and new customer innovations are under development for the coming years. As everyone knows, we have a no-excuse policy at United. Prior to the pandemic, we were on the right course, and just about every measurement validated that performance.  I also wanted to note that the commercial team has done a great job in managing the key PRASM and RASM measurements relative to the industry so far in this crisis. What I'm most proud of is the fact that our business focus, our long-haul focus and our coastal gateway focus would otherwise say our performance should trail the industry, and it is quite the opposite. When these key portions of our business resume, even in part, we expect our relative performance to be even that much better given our relative exposure. This is why we look forward to exceeding our 2019 EBITDA margins by 2023. Our business and industry will be forever changed due to COVID, but our commitment to enhancing the customer experience and driving better financial performance is unwavering.  I want to end today by noting that we have seen an inflection point in customer sentiment about travel early this year, with the level of worrying falling quickly and the number of people planning a trip jumping. While we expect this to really translate into new revenue for the second half of the year, it's possible that we begin to enter the positive part of the S curve earlier.  Just like the Kirby family, my kids are demanding a trip to Disney soon. I wanted to thank the entire United team for their amazing work in 2020.  And with that, I'll hand it off to Gerry.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Like most of us, I am happy to say good riddance to 2020. But if there was a silver lining last year, for me, it was being so impressed by the number of people at United who have gone above and beyond in every way. Whether it's our frontline employees, ensuring that our customers are provided a clean, safe and reliable experience or the members of my entire finance organization who have been working long hours and weekends to ensure that we maintain financially sound footing through the crisis, thank you for everything you've been doing.  For the fourth quarter of 2020, we reported a pretax loss of $2.4 billion and an adjusted pretax loss of $2.6 billion. Fourth quarter total operating expenses, including -- excluding special charges, ended down 42% year-over-year, in line with our guidance. Our fourth quarter results bring our full year 2020 pretax loss to $8.8 billion and an adjusted pretax loss of $9.9 billion. By any measure, the size of this loss is stunning. However, it doesn't tell the full story of 2020.  Going into the crisis last March, we had around $6 billion of liquidity. With the bulk of our revenue quickly disappearing, managing liquidity and cash flow became far more important than any other financial metric. We worked throughout the year to build a liquidity cushion to last beyond when our customers start flying again.  I'm pleased to report that we ended the year with approximately $19.7 billion of available liquidity, including $1 billion of undrawn revolver capacity and $7 billion available to borrow under our CARES Act loan. This is over 3x the liquidity we had before the crisis.  Turning to cash burn. Our fourth quarter cash burn ended a little better than our recent guidance. Including debt and severance payments, average daily cash burn was $33 million. Please keep in mind that everyone defines cash burn differently. As we said on our last call, once we raised enough capital and cut enough expenses to survive the crisis, cash burn as previously defined was no longer the best metric to use as an indicator of the performance of our core business.  In the earnings release, we included a chart to give you better detail on cash burn and to demonstrate the progress we've made on core cash burn throughout last year. You can see from this chart how we managed various components of cash burn. In the second and third quarter, for example, we were able to negotiate payment deferrals that improved average daily cash burn by $2 million and $1 million, respectively. While in the fourth quarter, now having sufficient liquidity, we started to pay those deferrals back.  Similarly, we deferred expenses such as heavy maintenance checks and engine overhauls as we simply grounded aircraft not required to support our schedule. However, in order to prepare for the recovery, we've restarted that work. In total, core cash burn in the fourth quarter improved by about half since the second quarter, dropping from an average of $38 million per day to $19 million per day. We expect core cash burn to remain flat in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter and continue to improve going forward.  Even though cash burn continues, we currently expect to end the first quarter with about as much liquidity as we ended 2020 due largely to at least $2.6 billion we expect to receive under the Payroll Support Program extension. We received the first installment of $1.3 billion last week and expect to receive additional amounts in February and March. In addition, thanks to additional flexibility provided by the U.S. Treasury Department, we now have until May 28 to decide how much of the $7 billion available under the CARES Act loan we may borrow.  Our strong liquidity position is due to both our successful capital-raising activity as well as our continued focus on cost control. In 2020, we were able to stop spending money on activity that was not necessary for our substantially reduced operation. While this focus will continue into 2021, with our strong liquidity, we are able to resume investments in our operational infrastructure to be ready for the recovery. While no one can confidently predict the timing of the recovery, we do know that if we don't start some of this work now, it will be impossible to be fully prepared when the recovery happens. For example, as I mentioned earlier, the airframe heavy maintenance and engine overhaul work we postponed last year now has to be done to ensure that we can ramp up the schedule as demand returns. Similarly, we postponed some work on some of our airport hubs last year since they either closed or lightly utilized. Again, that work needs to be restarted to be ready to welcome back our customers. At the same time, however, we will be cautious and maintain the flexibility to slow down these investments if necessary.  Looking at capital expenditures. While we currently expect nonaircraft capital expenditures to be around $1.4 billion in 2021, we have a plan where we can reduce this amount by half, if necessary. We expect aircraft capital expenditures in 2021 to be about $2.5 billion, including the 24 737 MAXs, 11 787s and 4 Embraer 175s we expect to take delivery of this year. Just like 2020, we are only taking new aircraft this year that we can fully finance.  Looking beyond just the first quarter of 2021, we have made structural changes to our cost base. These changes are ongoing, but some examples include permanently reducing management head count, representing over $300 million of annual savings; simplifying our regional strategy by ramping down our regional partners from 8 to 6, which drives about $50 million of benefit; renegotiating contracts across the supply chain; and consolidating and streamlining maintenance operations, which drive over $100 million in savings.  Thus far, we have identified $1.4 billion of annual savings and have a path to at least $2 billion in structural reductions moving forward, which will enable us to offset inflationary cost pressures. As we continue to make these structural changes, we are confident in our commitment to achieve 2023 CASM-ex flat to 2019 and 2023 EBITDA margins that will exceed 2019 levels. We hope to get there earlier than we are targeting but are confident in the trajectory into 2023.  As we return to profitability, another primary goal is to restore the strength of our balance sheet. This means maintaining sufficient liquidity, reducing debt and unencumbering assets. This crisis has afforded us a number of valuable lessons about the balance sheet and capital allocation. Before COVID, we modeled our worst-case scenarios based on the financial impact of 9/11, followed by a recession. It turns out we weren't even close. Going forward, we will focus on being ready for sustained destruction of global air travel demand like we are seeing today.  In addition, we need to be more cognizant of the fact that cash associated with advanced ticket liability may not be a reliable source of working capital during a crisis. As a result, we expect to establish a higher minimum liquidity target than before the crisis. On the positive side, we've developed a greater understanding of the value of our assets that are available as collateral and how investors differentiate the various collateral types. This will steer our decisions as we unencumber assets, ensuring that higher-quality collateral is available to use to quickly raise substantial incremental liquidity just like we did over the last 9 months.  Given the amount of debt we have taken on, it will take a number of years to restore the balance sheet. As a result, it may constrain our ability to make all of the investments in our business that would otherwise benefit our people, our customers and the communities we serve. However, we will make thoughtful choices when it comes to paying down debt versus making investments. Taking a balanced approach to capital allocation, combined with establishing a sustainable cost structure, will enable us to achieve our EBITDA margin for 2023 and beyond.  With that, I will turn the call back to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. . Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. . And our first question comes from Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, everyone. And Scott and team, thanks for the more positive outlook on 2023. But I guess, Andrew, you mentioned that maybe domestic would be a little bit more challenged here if we lead with leisure recovery. How do you guys really differentiate in that environment? Is it really connectivity through your hubs? You did talk about a gauge efficiency as well. Could you expand on that?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. You got it right on the -- nail on the head there in terms of we do have these gauge gaps. And as we retire 50 seaters, I think you should see our gauge starts to move in the right direction. And then the plan we had in terms of domestic connectivity really hasn't changed. We have sufficient shortfalls there as well. So as we close those gaps, we think that's going to provide us a nice tailwind.  But the other key component of that is we have the largest exposure on the international side, I think, of any of the big large U.S. carriers. And we do think there is a bunch of structural changes there that will lead to stronger relative performance over that period of time, and that should benefit United more than our competitors. So we think we have that lever on the international side, and then we have the gauge and connectivity level -- lever on the domestic side, which should make, I think, a real big material difference to our performance in 2023.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes. I guess just as a quick follow-up to that. The simple, maybe more negative investor view might be, hey, you're going to face a lot of domestic higher-density competition. So do you think that these differentiating factors for you guys in your network could actually lead to a revenue premium if fares stay low domestically?
Andrew Nocella: Well, a RASM premium, I suppose, is maybe the way I would look at it, not a -- to be more specific. But absolutely. We think as we move the gauge, given the size of our hubs with cities that are located in, we have undersized the gauge of the airline and we're going to move to correct that. And as you can imagine, that will have a nice cost tailwind. So we think that is a unique benefit, a lever we can pull that, quite frankly, others have already pulled, which gives us relative outperformance. And again, on the international side, I think our network speaks for itself in the structural changes that you see in the environment today. And I don't need to rattle them off. They show up in the headlines almost every day. It's going to be a really big benefit to United. So we add those things up and believe that our performance in 2023 is where we need it to be. And that's why we're excited to make that commitment. And again, Scott gave us the no-excuse policy a while ago, and so we're going to hit it.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Vernon from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, guys, thanks for the time. So, Scott, I guess, if you're looking out to 2023, expecting the EBITDA margins to get to an above sort of 2019 level, given Andrew's commentary on the S curve of demand recovery, is there a way you can help us think about the rate of change in that EBITDA margin recovery? Is this something where we're going to get back to break-even and stabilize a little bit and then come back as yields get better? Like how should we be thinking about the improvement in the EBITDA margin kind of from where we are to the higher end of that S curve?
Scott Kirby: I'll try, and Gerry and Andrew can pile on if they want. This really is about when demand is going to recover. I think this team has done a pretty remarkable job of quickly, quickly getting our cost and cash burn down early in the crisis. And now it really depends on when we hit the inflection point for the recovery in demand.  And that inflection point will happen when there's a critical mass of the country that has been vaccinated. But also when we affirm a scientific and medical conclusion that once you get the vaccine, you're not only immune from catching COVID, you are no longer a transmission vector for COVID. That's an important step that hasn't happened yet that needs to happen. And when that happens, if you look at the shape of an S curve, it will be a very rapid increase in demand.  And it's anybody guess on when that happens. We have been more conservative, I suppose, perhaps than others. Unfortunately, we've been more realistic as well so far. And I think it's a little further to the right than perhaps others. But it's really not the point.  And the reason we said 2023 is while there can be hope that it's going to happen in spring, in 60 days from now, whether it happens in the spring or the summer or the fall, what we're really confident of is we will, sometime this year, hit that S curve turning point. And then there'll be a very steep increase in demand. And we'll rapidly go back to, call it, 85% to 90% of 2019 demand levels. And somewhere in there within a matter of months, it's hard to call precisely, we'll move from being cash negative to, I think, quite a bit cash positive.  And I'm not sure of the timing because it's all dependent on the timing of when the demand recovery happens. And then we'll be on the top part of the S curve where we gradually move back towards the 2019 level. And so that's the shape of what we think the demand curve is.  That inflection point, by the way, if you're looking for it, I think at the same time, I've been telling employees the same day that you feel like you can go kind of almost everywhere in the country and go to a restaurant and be at 100% capacity is probably when it happens for us because that's the kind of environment we need, where people are back in the offices and office buildings aren't limiting capacity, where restaurants aren't at 25% capacity, where Disneyland is open, where Broadway shows are open and you're able to go to them again. Those are all the things that drive -- those are the demand generators for aviation. And when those things are open again is when people are going to start traveling again. Those probably aren't going to be open until there's -- till we hit the inflection point with vaccines. But everyone can have their opinion on when that's going to happen. But when it happens, I think there's -- we have lots of data, lots of surveys, lots of evidence. There's huge, huge pent-up demand. And you'll see a really steep inflection in demand just over a matter of weeks and months, I think.
Operator: And our next question comes from Helane Becker from Cowen and Company.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thanks for the time. Actually, I think, Scott, this might be for you. Can you just talk in more detail about what you're doing with the Eco-Skies program and the environmental? I know this is like completely off topic from COVID, but I just like - sorry...
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks.
Helane Becker: the goal you guys have for that and how we should think about the investments in that business. And sorry, but I'm really sick of COVID.
Scott Kirby: Well, thank you. I'm sick of it, too, and I love being able to talk about something other than what's going to happen in the next 60 days. Because this -- you're right, this is more important for the long-term. And I have been personally interested and cared about climate change all the way back to the 1980s, and we now have an opportunity to really make a difference. And what is clear is that as well-meaning as many of the programs are, particularly traditional carbon offset, they are simply nowhere close to being able to scale to address the climate change problem that we have. We produce 4 -- as a society world, we produce 4,000x as many carbon emissions as we did in the pre-industrial era. And there is simply not enough room on the planet to plant 4,000x as many trees.  And so absent some breakthrough, like fusion technology moving from theoretical to actually real, we are going to have to engage in wide-scale carbon sequestration. And we were honored to be a partner with Occidental and 1PointFive in the first kind of large scale, maybe even call it demonstration plant and project to take carbon directly out of the atmosphere and permanently sequester it underground.  And this is the kind of investment that needs to happen not just for aviation, but across the industrial economy to really make a dent and make a difference. And we need to start investing because that's how we move down the cost curve. 20 years ago, nobody thought wind farms or solar were economic. And today, they are because you move exponentially down the cost curve. It is going to need government support for this to happen. But I think it's certainly a feasible solution. And it's the only way that I can get the math to add up and actually make a real difference in climate change. So obviously, we have a lot of passion about it not just as aviation executives but as citizens of the world. And thanks, Helane, for asking the question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: So just to confirm on the 2023 margin guidance, I think you've implied this, but are you also saying that you expect ASMs and load factor to get back to 2019 levels by that period?
Scott Kirby: Gerry or Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: We definitely don't manage to load factors. This is Andrew, but we do expect RASM to get back to where it needs to be to reach that target. And Gerry, do you want to add anything else?
Gerald Laderman: Yes, we don't have to be back to 2019 levels to hit those margins. On the cost side, the cost savings are starting now, obviously. We'll hit the full run rate when we get back to 2019 capacity, but we're seeing those results -- those benefits even today. So we don't have to get all the way back to 2019 to get back to those margins.
Ravi Shanker: Okay. Got it. And just as a follow-up to the previous response on the ESG initiatives. I mean, clearly, we saw on the auto side that traditional OEMs adopted maybe a transitory but a two-pronged approach of working on EVs while they continue to work on ICE vehicles. Do you feel like you need to do something similar and kind of looking at some of these proposed EV projects for short-haul air travel? Is that something that will get you a lower carbon footprint while you work on potential solutions for long-haul flying?
Kristina Munoz: Ravi, I'm sorry. Can you repeat your question? We're having some technical issues on our end here, sorry.
Ravi Shanker: Sure. No problem. My question was kind of similar to some of the traditional auto OEMs that were working on electric vehicle technologies simultaneously with internal combustion engine. I'm wondering if you're studying electrification or using urban air mobility drones, passenger drones as a potential short-haul electrification solution until a longer-haul green solution emerges.
Michael Leskinen: Ravi, this is Mike Leskinen. The answer is yes. We are looking at electrification across everything we do here at United Airlines. And we're spending a lot of time looking at the different development companies out there and are very excited about partnering where we see potential success stories. So I'd ask you to stay tuned. But you're right to point out that, that's an exciting area in aviation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan.
Jamie Baker: Gerry, a question on the EBITDA guide. You sort of touched on this during your prepared remarks. But Mark and I were hoping you could give a little more color as to what sort of balance sheet you envision in 2023 corresponding to the guide, liquidity, targeted leverage, where your interest expense might be running on an annual basis at that point, stuff like that.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Jamie. And to be honest, one of the reasons why EBITDA margin is a better metric to use in the short term is because as you know, to get through the crisis, the balance sheet has substantially more debt than we had going into the crisis. Interest expense for the next few years is going to run really pretty high.  So as I said, we're going to be balancing the pace at which we bring that down. That's, as Scott said, a very high priority for us. But to be fair, between this year and next year, of course, depending on the pace of recovery, I wouldn't expect the balance sheet to be materially different from where we are right now.  Of course, the -- we still have some flexibility we have until the end of May to decide what to do about CARES Act loans, and so there could be some adjustments. But it's really in 2023 and beyond when we start making significant progress on that debt.
Jamie Baker: Okay. That's helpful. And a follow-up, and this builds on some of Andrew's comments, but totally understand the structural arguments on the international side and the likelihood that, that is a material tailwind in 2023. Could we get a feel for how much better you believe international margins could be relative to domestic? And if you choose not to answer, could you share what that domestic-international margin split was in 2019, so we at least understand the base that we are building from?
Andrew Nocella: I'll give it a try, Jamie, without giving you all the numbers you want, I think. But international had trailed domestic in the past cycle, I would say, in the recent year or so by approximately 2 to 3 margin points. And obviously, domestic was better. In the next cycle, I don't have an exact crystal ball, but I do think that international will be probably slightly ahead of domestic.
Jamie Baker: And just to be clear, trailing 2 to 3 points, that's relative to your aggregate margin, not 2 to 3 point deficit from domestic, correct?
Andrew Nocella: No, 2 to 3 points from domestic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darryl Genovesi from Vertical Research.
Darryl Genovesi: Andrew, maybe just a follow-up on that point. And I mean you said a couple of times now that you're anticipating a better supply-demand balance internationally than domestically over the next few years. I think some investors would posit that you're just talking your book. So can you just give us a sense for why you're so confident that, that will be the case? I mean are you counting airplanes that have been retired that other airlines -- the other airlines away from you? Or do you have some particularly high degree of confidence in sort of foreign country GDP growth? Or just can you just give us a basis for that view?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Darryl. One, we're counting the number of 747s that -- and A380s that have been pointed at the United States that are no longer in the flying fleets of many airlines around the globe. Two, we're looking at a significant portion of capacity operated by someone across the Atlantic that has publicly said they're not going to do it anymore.  So I add up all those facts. There are simply fewer wide-body aircraft in the fleets around the world. There's, in particular, fewer the very large ones with the very large business class cabins. And then there's at least one big competitor that's no longer flying across the Atlantic.  Those things -- when you decide to retire a fleet, those things -- you could obviously bring fleets back, but they're a lot harder to induct than to retire. And so that gives us a lot of confidence the world is very different on the international front over the next cycle than where we had been.
Darryl Genovesi: Great. And then maybe one for Scott or Brett. We had an administration change yesterday. Too much pomp and circumstance. Executive orders were signed, et cetera. But based on everything you know today, is there anything that you would call out about the likely regulatory environment prospectively, positive or negative, either as it relates to COVID or anything else?
Brett Hart: Darryl, this is Brett. Obviously, with the activity yesterday and what we expect to see today, it's going to be, in the first run, a pretty active environment, but it will be focused on addressing immediate issues. So in that respect, we're very supportive of it even with respect to any mandate to make them now related, for instance, to testing and the rest. We've had ample time to build a really strong infrastructure for testing, and we've set up programs in various parts of the country. and we can replicate that and create a seamless environment.  It's going to take direct engagement with the government here in the U.S. And quite frankly, some of these executive orders may certainly require direct engagement on -- from a foreign government perspective as well to make them work seamlessly. But we are actively engaged in those discussions.  So while we anticipate an active regulatory environment from the outset and would suggest what might be unusual for an airline. That is not a bad thing. Unusually, especially because of our engagement with both sides of the aisle, both in Congress and with the administration. So we're prepared for whatever may happen in the early months of the administration, and we feel very good about our ability to have an influence on that process as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research.
Hunter Keay: Gerry, you talked about potentially a constrained ability to invest. Is that a CapEx comment? And then if you look at the 10-K last year, you had $70 billion of contractual obligations at year-end '19, roughly half of which was over this EBITDA margin guidance period, $35 billion. $16 billion in regional CPAs. You had $35 billion in aircraft commitments. Where is that contractual obligation number going to shake out when we see the next 10-K? And where will it go a year from now, and where will it come down?
Gerald Laderman: Several questions. Let me start with the choices we're going to make about paying down debt and investing. As I said, we'll be thoughtful about it. It is critical for us to get our debt balances back down to a comfortable level. Part of that is really to drive the ability to unencumber assets.  What we were able to do during this crisis was use available assets to raise liquidity quickly to build that cushion that's allowing us now to get through. And we basically need to revote and be able to do that again. So it's critical that we reduce debt and unencumber assets, at the same time, keeping liquidity balances above where we thought in the past was required.  So that, without question, is going to constrain some of the investments -- talking about investments broadly, both capital and operating investments. But we have to be balanced about that. To quote an old friend of mine, "We're not going to take the cheese off the pizza." So there's a limit. As you know, in any cost exercise, you can't cut too much. Luckily, we have experience in that, and so I think we'll achieve that balance.  The other thing you'll see us manage a little better is being able to build better flexibility into some of the commitments we make. If you look at what I said about nonaircraft CapEx this year, while on the one hand, the plan is to spend about $1.4 billion, we have offerings. And that's going to be embedded going forward in our planning process to make sure that whatever our commitments are, we know how to modify those if necessary, if required. Some of that may not show up in the commitment table. But flexibility is going to be critical, I think, going forward.
Hunter Keay: I'm with you. Yes, that was a long question. I'm sorry, I worded badly. Kirby, you talked about this return to new. I want to talk about Doreen Burse. As you send her out into the field this year to generate corporate business, what are some of the things that you're going to let her pitch to your corporate that's unique to United and that fit in a post-COVID world presumably with tighter corporate travel budgets?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, I'll let Andrew actually answer. But one thing that I'll say that I'm excited about Doreen, I think she's going to be phenomenal, and excited to have her joining the team. And when I talked to her about coming to United, the one thing I talked about is trying to change the mentality that all of us or too many of us, including myself, in aviation have had about a focus on price as the way to win customers. And the hotels do a remarkably good job of having brand value and getting customers to like them, getting customers to be loyal for reasons other than price.  And so I have asked her every single time, she's going to meeting with any of us, and people are talking about price as the way for us to compete, to stand up and throw something at us and get us to change that approach and find ways to really make our brand valuable, more value -- as valuable as it should be, get our customers to like us and to choose us because they like us, they trust us, they like what we stand for and they have confidence in us as opposed to competing on price. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: I can't add much to that, Scott. What I would say is you started to call off what is important that we continue to innovate here at United. And as we talked to Doreen about this opportunity, and we're excited to have her start in just a few weeks, she's ready to come with a blank sheet of paper, with new ideas and new thoughts. And we will do things differently. And we look forward to competing and winning, and Doreen is a great addition to the team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just want to follow up from way back in the call. The flat CASM-ex in '23, could you put a finer point on the range of capacity outcomes underlying that? And with respect to the margin guidance in 2023, are we just assuming the fuel curve? Or is there some fuel inflation baked into that?
Gerald Laderman: Yes, I'll take that. So look, we've run a number of different scenarios on demand and capacity. And even -- we don't have to get to 2019 capacity to deliver on our CASM commitment. So there are lower scenarios, but it really depends in part on a couple of things, including timing, including some of the costs out of our control, inflationary pressures.  But look, our track record on costs, I think, should earn us some credibility, I think, from you that we can get these cost numbers and in reasonable capacity scenarios. On fuel, the only thing I'd say about fuel is we do assume by 2023, the relationship between revenue and fuel is back to kind of the relationship we saw pre-COVID.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. And then just for my follow-up on change fees. From a long-run margin perspective, how do you think about offsets from no change fees? Is it a function of base fare, how the industry is going to need to revenue manage? Is it other revenue? Or is it a function of these cost initiatives?
Andrew Nocella: Duane, it's really all of the above. I mean change fees, we're just -- when we talk to our customers, were the biggest obstacle we had to getting the brands and our NPS and everything where we need it to be. So when we add it all up, it is definitely a different calculation. And our revenue management systems will be slightly different and how we do everything will be slightly different. And I do think we will be more often the first choice of our customers when maybe in the past, we had not been due to this particular issue.  And so a little bit of shares in that calculation as well. When you add all that up, we thought about this long and hard, about a year ago leading up to the change we made late this summer, we think it's a positive for our business and a positive for our customers. And so we're in it, and we know this is the right path.  But it is a complicated calculation. And I understand that many of you have spreadsheet models, which have a revenue line item that says change fees. And that line item now has a very different number in it, and that's a problem for your models. We went through that same assessment as we made that decision and looked at all the competing factors for what was the right outcome. And that's the path we've chosen. That's what you've seen.  So I know your model doesn't fit that, and nobody's model actually did when we started this process. But we're confident that it will as we move through the end of this crisis, and we look towards 2023.
Operator: And our next question comes from Myles Walton from UBS.
Myles Walton: So I was hoping you could talk -- I know cash burn is not something you seemingly want to talk to, but you're still obviously having quite a consumption. And you talked about the core sequentially stable, but obviously implied would be another $10 million on top of that. And so maybe just two things. One, when does that noncore cash burn gravitate towards normal levels? And then secondly, others have been more optimistic of 2Q coming in with advanced bookings and cash really taking an inflection. It doesn't sound like you are as confident. So maybe just touch on both those.
Gerald Laderman: Let me start with cash burn. So first, just generally, nothing's changed in our thoughts about when we get back to cash breakeven. So when demand drives revenue to be less than down 50% versus 2019, whenever that happens, and some people may be more optimistic than perhaps we are in assisting our forecasting and planning. But that's the range where we start seeing cash breakeven.  In terms of some of these items, when they normalize, well, keep in mind that some of the sort of the noncore items include, for instance, debt payments. And that will be steady. This year actually is a very manageable year on principal payments. We don't have any major tower of debt coming due. And so that already fairly even throughout the year. And some of the other numbers as we get through these crisis, some of these more onetime items like severance begin to go away.
Scott Kirby: And look, I'll just add on. Thanks, Gerry. I know we've created a fair bit of angst amongst investors by not being willing to say that we think the inflection point on demand is right around the corner, 60 days away. And we hope it is. We said from the beginning that hope is not a strategy. And the other thing we've tried to do all the way going back to the JPMorgan conference in March is be completely transparent and honest with you about what we think.  And the truth is none of us know. None of us have known from the beginning when this would end. None of us know even today exactly when this is going to be over. And if you're listening to us, your perspective is just as valid as ours because we don't have any unique data that you couldn't also look at for the turning point.  What we are confident about is that the turning point is coming. And while our base case is that the turning point is coming a little bit later than maybe some others think, that turning point is coming. And it's going to come at the same time for all airlines. So it really doesn't matter what our forecasts are today versus tomorrow. The turning point is coming. That's what it is. I think the most important message, it's the reason we focus on 2023 today. We hope it's earlier, and we can create pretty reasonable scenarios that getting back to 2019 EBITDA margins happen sometime earlier than 2023. But we have high confidence in 2023.  And we're not as confident about how quickly it comes back, but confident that it is going to turn at some point this year. And all this about what's going to happen in the short term is really about does that demand inflection point happen at spring on March 22 or does it happen during the summer or does it happen in the second half of the year. But it is going to happen. And for us, that's the biggest takeaway is that it is coming, and we're confident that -- in that ultimate conclusion.
Operator: And our next question comes from Catherine O'Brien from Goldman Sachs.
Catherine O'Brien: So by my quick math, I think you've shared about $500 million of your structural cost program on the call. Can you just share what's the biggest -- just what are the biggest drivers or areas of the rest of that $1.4 billion you've identified? And what additional areas you're looking at for the $600 million yet to be identified of that full $2 billion target?
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Catie. I can give you a little bit more color. Keep in mind that when we're going through a program like this, it's not 1 or 2 big items. If it were 1 or 2 big items, they would have already been included. So think about this as just across the board.  A couple of keywords, probably the biggest one is efficiency. That's going to be driven a lot by the technology innovation that will unlock both labor efficiency and just better utilization of assets. We're going to be able to look at our real estate and start consolidating and combining some facilities, continue to streamline processes, technology investments and allowing our customers to do more self-service. All these things add up, but that's where it's all this comes from.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay. Understood. Maybe one for Andrew and pardon the next 60-day question here. But during last earnings season, we heard from many in the industry that the booking trends are starting to be less correlated to COVID headlines. Is that still true today? Are booking trends maybe more correlated to changes in travel, other restrictions or vaccine headlines? I know you're only sharing what you can see, of course, which is helpful. But have you seen any improved confidence in booking further out over the last couple of months since the vaccine start to be distributed? I just want to hear kind of like what's driving the ebb and flow of booking actions right now, if any.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. What I'd say is we said long ago, this would not be a straight line of recovery, and that has definitely turned out to be the case. When we do look at next summer's bookings, they are down, but they're down a lot less than where we are today. And I think we've said that publicly before. And I think that's true of our industry in general. So it is nice to see that next summer is booking -- advanced booking's better than where we are today. But the numbers are still down.  Whether the demand is correlated to headlines today, I guess I'm not sure. There's so much moving around going on. Clearly, we saw headlines around Thanksgiving that caused our cancellation rates to go up. There's no doubt about that. The performance for Christmas was not as severe for cancellation rates. But the headlines were also not that great, and there's obviously a lot going on in our country.  But I'm not surprised that our -- given where we are for our Q1 outlook, based off of entering this most difficult time period for our country in terms of getting people vaccinated as quickly as possible. So I'm optimistic, but I'm also realistic. And that's how we created our revenue guide for the quarter, and that obviously drives our ATL and a bunch of other things that are relevant in all these calculations. So more to come.  I know that didn't exactly answer your question on headlines. I think I just maybe need a few more weeks to see where we are at the end of January to kind of get maybe a better sense of that. But it is more sluggish or more similar to what we saw in Q4. And therefore, it's not a straight-line recovery. And that's what our outlook, and that's what we communicated today here reflects.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg: Just as it relates to the net negative COVID test requirement that kicks in next week, I guess this is probably to Andrew and Brett. Are you seeing any notable change in either bookings or cancellations as that becomes effective on the 26? And then just the headline out this morning that the administration is also considering, in addition to that, an enforceable 10-day quarantine. Not sure how they're going to enforce it, but anything that you're hearing from your government people on kind of both those fronts?
Andrew Nocella: I'll kick it off. I do -- the new requirements did have an impact. That impact was very focused though on, quite frankly, beach destinations in Mexico, to some extent Caribbean. And so it wasn't -- the order didn't have a broad impact on our Atlantic business or our Pacific business, which already is down considerably as we communicated earlier. And it didn't have a broad impact on large chunks of even our Latin American business, but it did have an impact on our very close in beach destinations that we can see.
Michael Linenberg: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up here. Just there's been a few articles out about Amazon possibly getting into the distribution of airline tickets. Is that something that would make sense for United given Amazon's bandwidth?
Andrew Nocella: Distribution is important to the entire industry, and I'm sure Amazon will do whatever makes sense to Amazon. Obviously, we sell tickets at united.com, it's incredibly efficient. But we also have great partners throughout the entire system. And if Amazon joins into the ring, we will look at partnering with them as well. That's something -- I don't know if that will happen, but we value all our distribution partners, and we just need distribution that works for us. And we will work in that direction. So interesting development, and we'll see where it goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi from Stifel.
Joseph DeNardi: I think for Scott or Gerry, there's been a fair amount of talk on the call about increased liquidity on the other side of COVID and wanting to unencumbered assets. I'm wondering how equity plays a role in that. I think Delta went out of their way to say that they do not plan to issue any other equity. I'm wondering if you could kind of provide similar commentary.
Gerald Laderman: Yes. As you know, we have been issuing equity with the earnings release, the amount of equity we sold under our ATM program. Look, no decisions have been made going forward. We're going to understand the need to balance the entire capital structure. So the best I can say is we've made no decisions one way or another about additional equity.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Fair enough. And then, Scott, what generates a higher return on capital for United? Is it buying a new A320 or giving Luke a $45 million to invest as he sees fit?
Scott Kirby: Thank you. Well, I'd love for Luke to come to me with ways that he can invest $45 million because I'm confident that if we can find ways to invest more money in the loyalty business for everyone else, that, that will produce a higher return. By the way, buying more airplanes also helps the loyalty business or flying more routes because it makes the program more attractive to others.  But your point is well taken that finding ways to invest in the loyalty business is a really high return and stable set of cash flows and earnings right now even through the pandemic and going forward. And we don't have any announcements that we're ready to make publicly yet, but I can assure you behind the scenes that we are working hard on how do we think of that not as an airline frequent flyer program, but on a loyalty program that -- I'll tell you, the goal to double the EBITDA. The goal that I've given is to double the EBITDA in the next few years from the loyalty program by thinking about it differently, which will mean some of those investments go to the loyalty program instead of new airplane.
Operator: And our next question comes from Savi Syth from Raymond James.
Savanthi Syth: I was wondering if you could talk -- I know you mentioned a little bit on the international front. But I was wondering if you could talk about how both the competitive and partnership landscape may or may not look different in Latin America, especially given some notable changes that were underway pre-COVID, including Delta joining Latam or Latam joining Delta and then your partner Avianca having gone through Chapter 11 restructuring. Just curious how you see that landscape changing, both from a competitive standpoint and from your partnership standpoint.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Savi. It's Andrew. I think what was -- the dominoes that started to fall prior to COVID have fallen, and the board will be rearranged as a result. We clearly have a strong, strong partnership with Copa and our partnership with Avianca continues and, of course, Azul as well. And we're really excited about that portfolio of partners in the region. It covers what we need to cover. And we're really sticking. And to date, I will say that the changeover in those other partnerships has not hurt us. In fact, I think it's helped us. Our performance, I think, has gotten relatively better.  So we have a great set of partners in the region. There's a lot of moving pieces, but ours are pretty good. And we're all set to make sure those partnerships can get even deeper. I think some of that work has been slowed down due to COVID over the last 6 months or so. But the team is ready to get back at it and make sure that these partnerships are key to driving our franchise in the entire region.
Savanthi Syth: That's helpful. If I might just ask a quick question on ticket sales today. Just kind of curious, how much of that mix is kind of credit or voucher use? And what are your kind of expectations as 2021 progresses? And can you see maybe a recovery in purchasing?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. A lot of moving pieces in the ATL because of the amount of credits that we have out there. In the past quarter, we were at 30% cash sales -- sorry, 70% cash sales, 30% everything else. And we see that continue in that number, the 30% to continue to move down.  The amount of refunds we've been issuing has also been coming down, which is nice to see. But the ATL is not moving like it normally moves in a typical year. And so we watch that carefully. But it has a different seasonality, and we expect it to continue to be different until we get past the crisis at this point.
Kristina Munoz: All right. We're going to now end the analyst portion of the questions and move on to the media. I think we might be having some technical issues on the operator. Just a moment. . 
Operator: . And we have Alison Sider.
Scott Kirby: Aly, are you there? Maybe we need to go to the next one. We're not hearing Aly.
Kristina Munoz: All right. Give us another minute here. If not, we might have to take a separate time to address the media questions.
Operator: And we have Alison Sider on the queue.
Alison Sider: Can you all hear me now?
Scott Kirby: Yes.
Andrew Nocella: Yes.
Alison Sider: Great. Okay. Yes, I was wondering if there's been any discussion of kind of taking another look or revisiting the study you all did with DARPA to adjust some of the assumptions in light of some of the new strains that are emerging or if that's something that's even necessary.
Scott Kirby: I guess I'll start and ask the rest of the team. The conclusions from the study should be the same because it's really about the size of the virus and how much it transmits. And so a mutation that makes a slight change in the surface of the virus wouldn't change the results of that study. So I'm not aware that either us or DARPA really sees the need to redo the study. I see our ops team, Toby and Jon Roitman, on in case they have anything different to add. I think they're saying no.
Alison Sider: Great. And I guess one more. Just given kind of your timing or sort of the continued uncertainty, if there's any thought of seeking additional government aid this spring.
Brett Hart: Yes. This is Brett Hart. I'll take this one. What we certainly appreciate is and it's evident in the last round of support that we received is that both the administration and Congress understand how critically important we are as an industry to the overall economic recovery. So we're continuing, as we always do to these, in direct communication with the administration and the Congress. And we're confident that if there is another round of support, that they will give us full consideration and that they will understand, at that point in time, our needs in terms of supporting our overall industry. So we just received the funding. We're grateful for that. It's really important for us and for our industry. But if there's consideration in the future, we're confident that our interest will be taken into consideration.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tracy Rucinski from Reuters.
Tracy Rucinski: To follow up on Aly's question on aid, you did seem to indicate yesterday that you can't count on more aid coming through and that you may need to furlough more employees when this round of PSP expires. Can you give us some indication of how many employees, whether voluntary or involuntary, you would have to furlough?
Brett Hart: This is Brett Hart. No, we don't. We don't have any information on that front at this point. I mean, look, the way -- the best way to think about this is we're obviously focused on the demand environment. And that could change between now and the time that we have to make these decisions. But we'll be focused on the demand environment.  There are a number of other factors that go into play as well. At this point in time, what we are is we're grateful for the opportunity to welcome our employees back and to get them fully engaged. And we'll make those decisions when they're timely. But we're not in a position right now to make any assumptions about potential furloughs in the future.
Tracy Rucinski: Is there a concern that if demand does come back very quickly, as you're saying, that you could be short-staffed and not have enough frontline employees to service that demand as quickly as competitors who aren't furloughing may be able to?
Brett Hart: No. We have no concern on that front. As we have said and continue to say, we fully expect demand to return at some point in the future, and we have been taking steps to ensure that we're in a position to react to that immediately. So we don't have concerns on that front.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Bachman from Bloomberg News.
Justin Bachman: I have sort of a two part question on -- first, on the '23 targets, if that includes any type of fleet retirement of older fleet or any kind of hard targets on your upgauging strategy for maybe the regional side. And then the second part of the question was Andrew's commentary about the international competitive situation and whether United sees that as an opportunity for greater capacity on its side or if -- what you expect to play out in terms of the other 2 larger transatlantic alliances and what they may do or if overall capacity will remain low.
Gerald Laderman: This is Gerry. I'll start on just the fleet plan and point out that we want to maintain as much flexibility as we can on the fleet so that aircraft are there to support the demand. The only decision we've made on retiring aircraft are the subset of our 757-200 fleet. The ones -- there are about 13 of them that were covered by -- with the engines that are among the oldest in the fleet that, for a number of reasons, decided those are retiring, which is related to the charge we took in the quarter.  The rest of the fleet, the mainline fleet in particular, will maintain flexibility. And just in terms of the upgauging process, that's going to depend a lot on the availability of the larger MAXs. And we know that the 737 MAX 10 is not available until 2023. So that's not factored into the targets at all for 2022. Now I'll turn it over to Andrew, if he wants to talk about the regionals.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. What I'd say is that when you make fleet changes in this business, it's easy to retire aircraft, but it's a lot harder to induct new ones and replace them for a million different reasons. And so when we look out at the world, we see airlines have made a lot of different moves, and they generally go back to bigger aircraft being retired. We've clearly kept our flexibility open on this front, as we've said over and over again.  And from a planning perspective, one of the moves we've made is to move some of these aircraft into new markets. For example, we announced New York to Johannesburg and other service to Africa and more service to India as we plan to make sure that we don't necessarily have to put all of our capacity back into the original core markets we had in 2019. So we'll see how that goes. I can't predict what other airlines will do. I'm just looking at fleet plans and the structural changes that we've seen in the global long-haul markets and given you some of those facts.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Slotnick from Business Insider.
David Slotnick: I had a question about vaccine passports. I know that a few months ago, you were trialing a secure digital platform for test results, just a better way to validate negative PCR tests. I wondered if you're doing the same thing for vaccines as travel picks up I know the proof of the vaccine is probably going to be required for a lot of international travel.
Scott Kirby: Either Linda or Toby, you guys want to take that?
Linda Jojo: Sure. Thanks, Scott. We are definitely focused on making it as easy for our customers as we can to manage through all the different rules, whether it's around testing requirements, vaccine requirements. And certainly technology is going to be a big piece of that. And so what I'd say is stay tuned. We've got a lot of really good things coming very shortly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Leslie Josephs from CNBC.
Leslie Josephs: Could you talk a little bit about the demand trends since the vaccine -- sorry, the testing requirement was announced and goes into effect? And particularly, what's the effect on some of the maybe shorter trips in Mexico and the Caribbean?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Leslie. It's Andrew. You hit it right on the head there that the demand trends have not really changed much in most places, including overseas.  Where they have changed is in the Mexican beach resort destinations and certain Caribbean beach resort destinations. In particular, Mexico had no restrictions prior to these changes. So the impact on those Mexican destinations is just more than other places that already had significant requirements and testing requirements that it already impacted traffic.  So the summary quick answer is we have seen a change. The change is very focused on Mexican beach resorts relative to the remaining parts of the United international network, which already were impacted by test requirements to begin with.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson from USA Today.
Dawn Gilbertson: My questions also have to do with the new COVID testing requirement that takes effect next week. Andrew, can you quantify at all the impact on bookings and cancellations, especially to Mexico, since this went into effect? And on a related note, are you confident that there's the infrastructure in place like in Mexico, such a popular destination right now for travelers? I mean I'm getting rims of press releases from high-end hotels, but the average traveler going to Mexico doesn't stay at a Four Seasons. So does that concern you at all in terms of how it's linked to demand?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Dawn. It definitely is linked to demand. So in terms of the impact on United's overall business, maybe I'll start there is that because most of the world already had some type of requirement for testing or quarantines in place, most of the world, I don't believe, based on the numbers we're looking at, had a negative impact based on the announcement from a few weeks ago and what's going to happen next week.  The one place that is different, that had no regulatory testing requirements was Mexican beach -- or Mexico in general but the beach resorts, which had a material amount of volume. Again, from the grand scheme of the size of the United Airlines, the beach resorts are a small part of our overall business that we're flying today. So that's reflected in our revenue outlook.  But I will turn it over to Toby because one thing we need to do is make sure if you would like to take a trip to Cancn, you can feel safe and secure about your ability to do that and return efficiently back to the United States. So Toby, do you want to take the second half of that question?
Toby Enqvist: Sure. What I would add just, Andrew and Dawn, is we're working really, really hard with lots of partners to be able to increase the supply of tests. And one thing good about this new order is that they allow an antigen test, which is much, much easier and faster and cheaper to get. So more to come like Linda said. We are going to work really, really hard to make sure it's really, really easy to travel with United even with the new testing requirements. And we're going to absolutely focus on the areas that you mentioned, at the short end, the beaches, the friends and family first.
Andrew Nocella: Dawn, there's no doubt, the test requirement is a short-term negative. But as these tests get out there and that it reopens borders not only to Mexico but around the world, we think that's a good medium and long-term change and will prompt more and more demand. But in the very short term, it is a slight negative. But we are going to respond with automation and digital technology and communication. So our customers know how to take that trip and know what they need on the outbound and know what they need on the inbound.  And we will have a lot more to say about that in the very, very near future because this transparency is important to everybody. We'd like to get people moving again, and we know this is the way to do it. And we have plans in place that we will detail very shortly that describe exactly how we're going to do that.
Operator: No further questions at this time.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-15 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2020. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Kristina, you may begin.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss the results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Scott Kirby.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina. Good morning. And thank you all for joining us today. I want to start by saying how proud I am of the entire United team. COVID continues to challenge our industry and United with a truly unprecedented crisis. But we've responded better than any airline in the world and in ways I couldn't have even imagined.  Our team has been focused on the health and safety of both our employees and our customers, remaining flexible with changes to our network and continuing to provide caring service to our customers, which resulted in the highest net promoter scores in our history.  We've had to be innovative, creative, and very flexible, and our team has truly delivered. I want to sincerely thank all of our employees who made the difficult decision to leave United through one of our voluntary separation programs and those who have reduced their hours to align our staffing with demand.  In spite of this, on October 1, I had my toughest day as the CEO. Because despite all the incredible work and contribution of our employees, we still needed to furlough more than 13,000 team members. Along with the entire United leadership team, I remain focused as our number one goal to make sure United is the strongest, most innovative, customer focused airline as we come out of this crisis because that's the way to ensure we can welcome all of our team members back. I also want to recognize and thank our union partners, many of whom stepped up to work on creative deals to get us through the crisis, to reduce the number of impacted employees where we could, and importantly, set the airline up for a strong rebound. I'm proud of the partnership we have with our unions and believe this is a real differentiator for United as we look to the future.  Since the beginning of the crisis, the hallmarks of United's response has been to maintain an objective and realistic assessment of the virus' impact on our industry and to plan accordingly. In other words, at United Airlines, hope has never been our strategy. Instead, the best collection of airline professionals in the business have confronted the crisis head on. And that approach has enabled us to take industry-leading actions, including leading on safety, closely aligning capacity to demand, cutting costs and reducing cash burn, using innovative approaches to raise over $22 billion in capital, pushing ahead with optimistic commercial initiatives such as the cargo operation, new route announcements and being the first airline to eliminate change fees on domestic tickets, adding industry-first digital capabilities like search by nav and travel destination guide, and entering into an industry leading deal with our pilots.  Back in March, we were focused on the three pillars that were critical to our ability to survive the crisis. One, raise and maintain liquidity. Two, reduce cash burn. And three, variabilize our cost structure.  On the first point, I believe United has been more creative than any airline in the world in raising over $22 billion.  On the second point, despite our larger business travel, postal gateways, and international exposure, on any apples to apples cash burn basis, we believe United has had the lowest cash burn throughout the crisis so far among network peers, and we expect that we'll be the first network airlines to return to positive cash flow when the demand environment recovers.  And finally, we've made huge strides in variabilizing our cost structure by reaching a landmark deal with our pilots and a variety of voluntary programs with our union partners, all of which position United to bounce back strongly and on short notice.  Having executed on our initial three pillars, our focus can and has now shifted squarely on what the recovery will look like. As difficult as this crisis has been, at United, we've done what it takes to get through the initial phase that will get us to the other side. As Churchill once said, this is the end of the beginning.  We were hoping we'd be wrong about the severity of the crisis, but our fact-based objective approach equipped us to be more realistic and nimble in our response to the virus. We'll stay flexible, but increasingly, the light at the end of the tunnel is now visible. It's a long tunnel and it will have twists and turns, but we'll begin to move back towards normal with what health experts are telling us is a widely available vaccine around the end of next year.  Given all the team has accomplished in this crisis, we're now able to turn the page away from just surviving to squarely focus attention on preparing for the rebound. The culture that has served us well getting through the crisis and leading on financial innovation, customer enhancement, safety initiatives, commercial actions and union partnership is the same culture that we expect will lead to United being the global leader in aviation when this is over.  The next 12 to 15 months are still going to be difficult, and the recovery will not be a straight line. But we've done what we believe it takes to get through. We can see the recovery on the horizon and our attention can now be firmly focused there.  I want to thank all the people of United, those working full time, those on voluntary program, our pilots who ratified a deal where they all agreed to work fewer hours to avoid furloughs and keep all pilots in their seat and position for a rebound and those that were sadly and voluntarily furloughed, to you, I'd say that all of us that are still here at United are focused on the recovery. And as the leader of this airline, I have no higher priority than bringing you back to work.  And now, I'd like to turn it over to Brett. 
Brett Hart : Thanks, Scott. Let me echo your comments on how proud I am of the United team for their remarkable perseverance through this crisis. In the third quarter, more than 40,000 team members participated in early separation programs, voluntary unpaid leave programs, or reduced work schedules, including about 9,000 employees who took an early retirement package, separation package, or extended leaves of absence, which directly reduced the number of involuntary furloughs. These actions by our employees are some of the most meaningful to our company. And we all appreciate those who participated.  We continue to make hard decisions in the short term to protect United jobs for the long term. And we're committed to bringing all of those furloughed employees back just as soon as the recovery allows.  While we have begun to see a gradual improvement, with demand expected to sequentially increase 10 points in the fourth quarter, we still expect to operate at capacity levels around 55% below 2019 for the remainder of the year.  Because of this, we had to make the difficult decision to furlough 13,000 team members. While we had hoped to get this number to zero, it is 65% lower than our original estimates due to the voluntary actions we have taken.  Additionally, we are grateful to Congress and the administration for their support on the CARES Act back in March, which was vital to preserving airline jobs. We diligently continue to work in close coordination with our union partners to get Congress to extend the CARES Act payroll support program. This extension would allow us to bring back US team members. We had to furlough upon expiration of the CARES Act support on September 30. We will continue to engage leaders in both parties in Congress and in the administration to urge them to act.  As Scott mentioned, we have laid the groundwork that enables us to pivot our focus to what's ahead. Two significant components of preparing for the recovery are: First, working with our labor groups on flexibility; and second, staying at the forefront on all health and safety related measures.  Last month, we came to an agreement with our pilots to avoid furloughs until at least summer 2021. The ALPA leadership and the United management team worked hard to come to an agreement. We are grateful to the ALPA leadership and our pilots for supporting an agreement that saved thousands of pilot jobs. Importantly, their shared sacrifice positions United and our pilots for long-term success.  Additionally, we worked with our AFA, IAM, IBT, ASCA and UNITE HERE labor groups on voluntary programs. We appreciate their partnership. Critically, all of these programs will enhance United's ability to bounce back strongly and quickly once there is a widely accepted treatment and/or vaccine.  We've also been at the forefront of health and safety with our approach to the crisis by working closely with our partners at the Cleveland Clinic and Clorox. We haven't just followed consensus views, but we've used real data, science and engineering to guide our safety decisions and implement industry leading innovations.  We've continued to lead by supporting rigorous aircraft testing by DARPA, aircraft manufacturers and others to understand the air flow dynamics on aircraft and what that means for the safety of those traveling onboard.  Recent CDC announcements point to the importance of airflow and ventilation to prevent or reduce the chance of virus transmission. Our studies confirm that aircraft are truly a unique environment with air that is refiltered every two to three minutes through HEPA grade filters and mixed with 50% air from the outside.  We have now also identified another safety step to further increase onboard safety and one that, to our knowledge, only United has taken. At United, we are running auxiliary power units before passengers board and until deplaning is complete to maximize the benefits passengers receive from the unique airflow and ventilation environment the entire time they are on the airplane, not just when it is moving or in the air.  United was also among the initial US airlines to announce COVID-19 testing for customers. We are working closely with GoHealth and Color to provide onsite and pre-departure testing that meets the Hawaiian government's requirements. Starting today, customers traveling to Hawaii from San Francisco who opt for the testing will be eligible for exemption from the 14 day stay quarantine. This is the next step in improving customer confidence in air travel, and we hope to expand this to other hubs and destinations. We're especially optimistic about the potential that a testing regimen like this has to restart international travel, commerce and trade.  When it comes to cleaning, United continues to use electrostatic sprayers before nearly every single flight to ensure the aircraft is clean and safe. We've also been pioneering the use of robot to apply an invisible, non-toxic, antimicrobial shield on every surface of the interior of the aircraft to further enhance the safety of everyone onboard.  We are making progress on right-sizing the airline to ensure long-term success. As Gerry will discuss in more detail, we have $19 billion of available liquidity and enough runway to make sure that when the recovery begins, United is in a position of strength.  There's still a tremendous amount of uncertainty because we know it won't be a straight line recovery. But as Scott mentioned, we have followed through on the three key pillars that have ensured our survival and will be the foundation for our success.  With that, I will turn it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment. 
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. I want to start off by saying we fully expect United to have lead in all objective commercial revenue year-over-year measurements in the quarter, including CASM, PRASM, cargo revenue and loyalty revenue among our primary peers. We are pleased to report our business is starting to recover and it's recovering quicker than others based on these standards and objective measurements.  Third quarter passenger revenue was down 84% and system capacity was down 70%. Our top line revenue performance of down 78% was in line with our early expectations.  Capacity for Q3 was planned to be down to 65%. However, when demand trends weekend in late June and July, we revised capacity to be down 70%. Even with these late adjustments to Q3 capacity, we were only 1 point behind our original revenue outlook in the quarter, a cost, capacity and revenue tradeoff that worked well. United clearly has the most conservative capacity planned and that realistic assessment of demand helped us achieve our cash burn targets in the quarter.  Domestic PRASM in Q3 was down 45% on 65% less capacity. With borders up around the globe, our international flying had a difficult quarter. International ASMs were down 77% and RASM was down 55%.  We operated over 3,000 all-cargo charter flights in the quarter, which contributed to a 50% improvement in our targeted revenue versus last year. It's easy to see in this unique pandemic environment that cargo is a structural advantage for United. We're now preparing to transport large quantities of the COVID-19 vaccine. We always say our shared purpose at United is to connect people and unite the world, but for the near term we'll be proud to add delivering vaccines in the pandemic. Demand at United's coastal hubs underperformed during the quarter, while our interior hubs outperformed. Our coastal hubs normally over-index in business traffic and long haul international traffic. So the results were not unexpected. Coastal hubs are typically a structural advantage for United, and we expect that they will be when business traffic restarts and borders come down and quarantines are lifted. Turning to the fourth quarter. We expect total revenue to be down around 67% year-over-year and passenger revenue to fall by 72%. With consolidated capacity, expect it to be down approximately 55%, a solid improvement versus the third quarter revenue performance.  Our fourth quarter capacity will again be conservative. We anticipate our early 2021 capacity to be consistent with our Q4 December levels. We expect our realistic capacity levels to return us to cash positive ahead of our other network competitors.  Demand for our coastal hubs for Q4 is still expected to be weak. Slot waivers recently issued by the FAA allow time for demand to recover prior to us having to initiate our full schedule from Newark.  Incremental capacity we do add back in the fourth quarter is expected to be tilted towards our Houston and Denver hubs, with the goal of getting us back on track to our original network objectives of building connectivity from our interior hubs and service to smaller communities. Capacity is also added in non-hub point to point routes to Florida, which have experienced a quicker rebound in demand in the short run, not a typical market for United. In the long run, incremental first quarter warm weather flying will allow us to improve our first quarter relative to results.  In the past, United simply was under invested in warm weather destinations in the winter. While we've had to take a pause on many of our international network plans for 2020, we continue to believe that we're well positioned as the leading global carrier to and from the United States and we're taking actions to support a return to flying. United supports an increased testing regime in the near term to lower borders and remove quarantines for those that can produce a negative COVID test within 72 hours of departure. We hope that by spring 2021, testing will be widely available and governments around the world will adopt consistent measures to reduce or eliminate quarantines for those that test negative.  CommonPass is one such initiative being prototyped between New York and London. And as Brent mentioned earlier, we're trialing tests right now between San Francisco and Hawaii. Expect a lot more to come.  Last week, we announced United will be the first US carrier to resume nonstop service to China. Not only does this make flying easier for our customers by offering nonstop service, but lowering your costs by eliminating technical stops. I wanted to thank both ALPA and the AFA as well as the team here at United that figured out a way to return back to non-stop China service and be the first US carrier to do it. Creative solutions can get us back to doing what we do best, connecting people and uniting the world.  We're also excited to announce the addition of Johannesburg, Ghana and Lagos to our leading global network starting next summer. Our international gateways are home to vast volumes of leisure demand, but also more importantly, business demand.  Africa is an opportunity in our network and this new service represents a good chance to further extend our global lead while diversifying our 2021 capacity plan.  United is the only US carrier operating nonstop service to India, and we will soon begin two new routes for a total of five flights. [indiscernible] service on our fourth route, Chicago to New Delhi, begins in December. Our fifth route and clearly one of the most anticipated ever will launch in May 2021 when we connect the two high tech hubs of San Francisco and Bangalore.  Many of our existing and global routes are supported by cargo revenue. Our ability to capture cargo revenue allows United to return more passenger service to the network at a quicker pace with higher margins than our primary competitors, a structural advantage that will add to our quick bounce back.  We said last quarter that demand recovery would not be a straight line. And ultimately, we expect demand to plateau at about 50% until an effective vaccine is widely distributed. We haven't changed our view.  United has clearly chosen capacity plans consistent with this view. Many of our commercial and customer initiatives have also been suspended as we focus on new priorities like CleanPlus during the pandemic.  Consistent with what Scott said about shifting our focus to recovery and restarting key projects in the near future, in August, we made the decision to resume work on the Polaris cabin and Premium Plus cabin on our 787 fleet.  Our commercial priorities prior to COVID were improving the customer experience and delivering on the promise of better margins and a smaller margin gap to our competitive peers. Our focus today is the return to profitability as soon as possible. But our long-term focus remains on achieving the highest margins of our primary competitors.  To achieve our goals, at points we must be different. A few weeks ago, we confirmed our willingness to be different by being the first of the legacy airlines to eliminate domestic change fees. Keeping the customer as our focus will, of course, be a key component of our plans.  Thanks to the entire United team, with my flying routine getting back to normal, I see your dedication firsthand in these difficult times and have more confidence than ever we'll come out of this period strong.  And with that, I will turn it over to Gerry. 
Gerald Laderman : Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2020, we reported a pretax loss of $2.3 billion and an adjusted pretax loss of $3 billion. As we continue to manage our business through the crisis, we are doing everything we can to mitigate our losses, and most importantly, to preserve liquidity.  Through the efforts of the entire United family, we achieved our target in the third quarter of an average daily cash burn of $21 million plus $4 million of debt and severance payments.  During the quarter, we continued to bolster our liquidity, including closing on our $6.8 billion MileagePlus financing, as well as obtaining committed funding through a $5.2 billion secured loan facility under the CARES Act loan program using international routes and related assets as collateral. We thank the United States Treasury Department, their financial advisors and attorneys for their support and focus to provide significant liquidity to the industry.  We are currently working with US Treasury to increase the amount available under the facility by an additional $2.3 billion for a total of up to $7.5 billion in available financing under the facility. In September, we borrowed $520 million under the facility and have until March of next year to take up to the total amounts available to us.  Also in the third quarter, we received $639 million under the original CARES Act Payroll Support Program for a total of $5.1 billion received under that program.  Earlier in the crisis, we put together a plan to end the third quarter with at least $18 billion of available liquidity. We more than met this goal, having ended the third quarter with available liquidity of $19.4 billion, which includes undrawn capacity under our revolver and the remaining funds currently available to us under the CARES Act loan, but does not include the incremental $2.3 billion I just discussed, which is subject to final documentation.  In the third quarter, we reduced our total operating expenses, excluding special charges, by 48% and eliminated most spending other than what was absolutely needed to operate the airline.  In addition to minimizing operating expenses, since the beginning of the crisis, we have remained focused on reducing capital expenditures, leaving only those projects that are critical to the business or would provide a quick financial return.  We now expect our 2020 adjusted capital expenditures to be approximately $3.9 billion. With $2 billion already spent before the crisis, we reduced capital expenditures by over 60% for the last nine months of the year.  Our current guidance does represent an increase of $200 million as compared to our guidance last quarter. This increase is essentially driven by our decision to purchase 16 Embraer E175 aircraft that we originally planned to have purchased by one of our regional partners. By purchasing the aircraft directly, we were able to finance the aircraft more efficiently with no additional upfront cash and lower interest rates throughout the term.  As usual, most of our capital expenditures this year represent purchases of new aircraft. One of the ways we have minimized cash burn is to require that any new aircraft we acquire both this year and for the foreseeable future will be fully financed.  Since the start of the year, we have raised $1.6 billion in new aircraft financing. While there are fewer sources of financing today than existed precrisis, we have found sufficient funding at reasonable rates.  Most recently, in September, we entered into an agreement with CDB Aviation for lease financing of 12 of our Boeing deliveries, including two 787s and ten 737s. One 787 was delivered in September. The second one will be delivered this month. And the 737s are scheduled for delivery in 2021.  We continue to remain flexible with our fleet and don't expect to retire any of our mainline aircraft in the near future. In fact, we have returned nearly 150 mainline and regional aircraft back to service since July, reducing the number of aircraft temporarily grounded to about 450.  Looking ahead, we expect our fourth quarter total operating expenses excluding special charges to be down approximately 42% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. We also expect average daily cash burn for the fourth quarter to be $15 million to $20 million, plus $10 million of severance and debt principal payments. This will bring us, by the end of the year, to over $16 billion in available liquidity or close to $19 billion if we include the additional $2.3 billion we expect to have available under the CARES Act loan program.  Throughout the crisis, we believe we've led and will continue to lead our network peers on an apples-to-apples calculation of cash burn. We also expect to be the first network carrier to return to positive cash flow. As air travel demand returns and cash burn declines, our focus shifts from merely surviving to maximizing the long-term enterprise value of United Airlines.  In closing, we all recognize that this crisis is lasting longer than any of us expected and there remains enormous uncertainty with respect to the demand, the pace of demand improvement.  However, due to our aggressive and decisive actions since the start of the crisis, the preparations we've made to weather the storm and the sacrifices made by the entire United family, I'm confident that we are well positioned to spring back quickly as we emerge from the crisis.  And with that, I will hand it over to Kristina to start the Q&A. 
Kristina Munoz : Thanks, Gerry. We'll now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and, if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And from Cowen, we have Helane Becker. 
Helane Becker: When I read the press release last night, maybe this is for Scott or Brett, I felt like your tone changed a little bit and that you were maybe less pessimistic than I've heard you speak in the past few months. And I was just kind of wondering if that's right. 
Scott Kirby: What I would say is, United really going all the way back to the last weekend in February has been focused on being realistic and objective about this crisis. We were accused by many of being pessimistic early on. And I pushed back on that notion because we weren't being pessimistic. We were trying very hard to be realistic about the crisis. And emotions like pessimism, optimism, hope, fear have no place when you're making decisions that involve the lives of tens of thousands of employees and the future of a great airline. And you just have to be objective and realistic.  And today, what we're expressing is not a shift from pessimism to optimism, as much as it is an expression of confidence in the future. There's a great quote that I love, and I referenced it earlier, from Winston Churchill that he said in 1942, over two years before the end of World War II after the African campaign and the Brits won in Africa that this is not the end, it's not even the beginning of the end, it is perhaps the end of the beginning. And I think that is the moment we're at now at United Airlines. We've done what it takes to get through the beginning. This is the end of the beginning. And much like in World War II, there was a long and painful, difficult road and a lot of sacrifice ahead. And the same is true for us. We're not getting through this until there's a widely available vaccine, which is probably around the end of next year. So, we've got 12 to 15 months of pain, sacrifice and difficulty ahead.  But we have done what it takes in the initial phases to have confidence. It's really about confidence on getting through the crisis and to the other side. And I think we'll look back at today, at this moment in time  we see it today. We were the first to call this how severe this would be, and I think maybe we're amongst the first to call the ultimate recovery. But we'll look back at this as the turning point. The light at the end of the tunnel is a long way away. But this is the turning point.  It's not only what we see in the core business. There's two other coincidental announcements today that I think are really significant, perhaps not fully appreciated yet, but really significant. One is the testing that's beginning to Hawaii and United under Brett and Toby Enqvist's leadership have really driven that effort. And United again, in a lot of firsts in this pandemic, has been the first to get that done. It's pushing to do more of that to open up international borders.  There are things that we can do safely, even when the pandemic is still going including flying on airplanes, but we're going to need testing to make that happen. And I think that will expand and you'll see that expand, and we'll look back at today and starting the testing as an important milestone.  And the other thing is the study that we've known about for months that has come out that we worked on with  that United worked on with DARPA and the Department of Defense, which gives more evidence about how truly safe it is to be on airplanes. We recognize that even if you're completely safe on an airplane, you have to have a reason to go. Disneyland needs to be open or your clients need to be accepting visitors in the office before you can go. That's why we think demand isn't going to get back  won't get above 50% until there's a widely available vaccine. But these are two additional important milestones that simply give us confidence. It doesn't mean that the next several months aren't going to be difficult because they are. But we have confidence.  And so, if you're hearing the tone change, yeah, it changes the way we work. We're now focused on  instead of just minimizing tomorrow's cash burn to survive the crisis, now we're focused on even spending money where we need to, invest in testing as an example. Andrew mentioned getting the Polaris mods back and going, so that we're prepared for the recovery to welcome our customers back in 2022, which is when we think the recovery will begin in earnest. 
Operator: From J.P. Morgan, we have Jamie Baker. 
Jamie Baker: Scott, in your interview this morning, you talked about the potential return to JFK. If I remember, when you initially discussed United's exit there, it was mostly because of the impact on corporate accounts as opposed to any massive share that United walked away from. Is that the way to think about your possible return, a tactical presence in corporate sensitive channels, or should we be thinking something more like United's presence in the 90s when there was an actual
Scott Kirby: I lost you there. I guess you said there was an actual hub at JFK. Certainly, our initial return, I think, would be coming back into the trans con and perhaps service to our hubs. And you're right, it's the ability to service corporate domain. And we have been  yeah, I said that on CNBC, we've been working hard. I guess it hasn't really been public. But we have been working very, very hard to use the pandemic as a way to get back into JFK. And I have reasonable confidence that we'll be successful.  The good news is, all the work that's happened at JFK in the last few years means there's actually more airport capacity. There's not many places in the US where there's additional airport capacity, but there should be more airport capacity. And we would be a new entrant there. So, I look forward to getting back and competing aggressively and for our customers who want to be able to fly in those transcon markets. We have our fingers crossed. And more than that, we are working hard to restore that service for you. 
Jamie Baker: Second question also pertaining to the interview this morning. And I apologize about my call waiting firing when I was asking it. It was actually the New York quarantine tracing. So, I'll probably have to call them back. So, you talked about cash burn not being the right metric to look at. So, I'm reminded of a scene in Mad Men. If you don't like the conversation, change it. So, how should that conversation change if cash burn isn't the primary metric of focus going forward? 
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess I'll start and I'll let Gerry to pile on. Cash burn is a metric that we used. We thought it was the most important metric at the start of the pandemic. A lot of businesses where survival was at stake, it was the most important metric, not just amongst airlines. But that's not the issue anymore. We have enough liquidity to get through the crisis. We've done what it takes. So, that's no longer the issue. And cash burn is one of those metrics that everyone measures  one, everyone measures differently. But two, we, for example, Andrew  I mean, this isn't a huge number, but we're starting Polaris mods again. That shows that the cash burn  it is the right decision to make [indiscernible] for our customers, for our shareholders, for our employees for the long term. But if you're just focused on minimizing today's cash burn, you wind up with a myopic short-term focus.  And I think we're getting back to focusing on traditional airline metrics  RASM, PRASM, earnings per share, margin. I think it's 2022 before those things really become meaningful, unfortunately, but we are getting to a world where we're going to be focused on those.  And the one thing I think will be different, however, and probably at the top of that list of focus, is something about paying down debt. I'm not sure yet what that is. But getting our absolute debt down from where it will be at the end of the pandemic is going to be priority number one.  Gerry, do you want to add anything to that? 
Gerald Laderman: Yeah, I'll just reiterate. Jamie, we do feel bad for all of you having to deal with all of us having different definitions of cash burn. So, as Scott said, ultimately, we get back to the more traditional metrics. But for cash, it's about liquidity. So, focusing on where we are at the end of the year on liquidity, the balance sheet, those become more important than trying to figure out each of the components of cash flow in a quarter and trying to do that adjustment that you all have to do because we all kind of describe it a little bit differently. 
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. 
Hunter Keay: If your capacity is going to be down 55% in the fourth quarter and you're saying demand is not going to get better than down 50% until the end of next year, does that mean that you're done adding capacity back for the next few quarters? 
Andrew Nocella: Hunter, it's Andrew. We're clearly looking at it very carefully. We'll follow the demand trends. But as I said in my opening, we expect that our Q1 capacity is going to be very consistent with our Q4 capacity, particularly the engine part of the Q4 capacity. So, it could very well be the case. 
Hunter Keay: I looked at your balance sheet, about $10 billion of obligations on there tied to the air traffic liability and deferred revenue from the loyalty program. How do I think about that working capital headwind burning down over the next 9 to 12 months as you guys add capacity back? And then, just broadly if you want to make that comment about working capital over the next maybe 18 to 24 months, Gerry. I would really appreciate some color there. Thank you. 
Gerald Laderman: Well, let me start. Andrew can pile on. We have factored in, when we're looking at our liquidity changing over the over the next year, where we think ATL is headed It's flattening out, only declined 1%. This is not obviously a normal year where you would see significant decline in the fourth quarter. That's just not going to happen. But we are taking into account ATL as we kind of model next year. Andrew, I don't know if you have anything else to say about it. 
Andrew Nocella: As you just mentioned, we would have normally expected that our ATL in the quarter would have gone down by 10% or 11%. In fact, it was flattish, and we'd normally expect Q4 to start going down a little bit. And in fact, we expect it to be flattish. And it's really, I think, a sign that we are seeing an overall recovery and the short demand patterns are not relevant to that. So, we're pleased by the progress we've seen in bookings and are pleased by what we see in terms of the ATL when it normally would otherwise be declining. 
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth.
Savanthi Syth: Given the way the pilot agreement is structured and kind of the fact that you haven't made any major fleet retirement decisions, is it fair to assume that you expect to kind of ever return to 2019 levels at some point in 2022 when things have recovered? Also, the adjustments you've made so far on the cost structure, I was kind of curious what level of minimum capacity you would need to reach to achieve 2019 level unit costs? 
Scott Kirby: I'll start off with the fleet and then I'll hand it over to Gerry. I think we don't know. We're being flexible. We would sure like 2022 to be equal to 2019. I think that's probably unlikely. But we've parked a lot of these aircraft in the desert. They're ready to fly when we need them to fly. And we'll maintain that agility. You saw that in Q3 where we thought we were going to be down 1% and then demand weekend and we immediately changed the plan to be down 70%. So, we'll maintain that agility going forward. And the fleet's there if we need it, but only if we need it. Gerry?
Gerald Laderman: Savi, CASM is directly related to capacity. And we'll start looking at that traditional metric of CASMx, which is the appropriate way for us to measure unit costs. And we feel comfortable that we can get the CASMx around flat to 2019 as capacity gets back to 2019 levels. So, we're focused on it and we're comfortable we can get there. 
Savanthi Syth: Related to that a little bit, you mentioned that demand is expected to recover by 10 percentage points. What level of demand is there currently, like between leisure and business? I'm wondering if that comes more from business or if that comes more from leisure. 
Gerald Laderman: I'm going to say right now is I expect that to be more leisure oriented in the fourth quarter. And in fact, we've tilted our capacity to reflect that. So, in fact, today is a step up in our Hawaii capacity, coordinated, obviously, to the testing that we have out in San Francisco. And so, we're expecting Hawaii to be a part of the increased revenue as we go through the fourth quarter. Business demand is still down a large percentage. It depends on how you measure it. But anywhere from 85% to 90% down is kind of the trajectory that I would tell you it's at. It has improved a little bit, and it has improved more with smaller corporations than larger corporations at this point. 
Operator: From Vertical Research, we have Darryl Genovesi. 
Darryl Genovesi: Scott or Andrew, I appreciate the JFK tidbit. But in broader strokes, perhaps when you think about what the network looks like post recovery, how is it different from today? Is it more leisure oriented? Or is it more domestic oriented? Or just how has your thought process evolved around the overall network structure? 
Scott Kirby: I'm not going to be able to, I think, accurately predict it today, the fact that we're still early in this process. Clearly, we're going to be agile in the short to medium term and move capacity around to reflect where we're seeing demand today. And clearly, we're seeing more leisure oriented demand. And that reflects how we've tilted the capacity in in Q4 with more sunshine capacity, more Caribbean capacity, more Hawaii capacity. But we fully expect that business travel is going to get back on the road someday when the vaccine is out there and widely distributed. We are big believers in that. And so, we think business traffic will rebound. It's clearly not going to bounce back to 100% on day one. And our network will be different in 2021 and 2022 than what we've otherwise had planned. But there will be a day in the future and, hopefully the near future, where business traffic is back to the new normal. And clearly, the types of trips being taken will be different. And as I've said before, this new remote work environment, I think, actually could be a stimulus to business traffic and that workers need to return to their corporate office a few times a month to do the work. And so, business traffic may be different, but we think it will return. 
Darryl Genovesi: Maybe one for Gerry. You're restructuring is a little lower than what some others have announced. Can you just give us a sense of how you think about sizing the voluntary programs? And is there like a particular IRR you're chasing or a particular payback period? And then also, if you could just comment, I think this is the most recent deal that you did with the pilots, gave you some incremental flexibility to do additional early outs. So, do you anticipate another voluntary separation program this calendar year? So, just two questions there. One, just on the framework and then the second is just whether there's another one coming. 
Gerald Laderman: I'm not sure that second question is for me. All I can tell you is that we are doing everything we can to overall variabilize our costs and to be able to be flexible in really every part of the cost structure.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi.
Joseph DeNardi: Scott, when you think about the relative importance or unimportance of corporate traffic to United's earnings power pre-COVID, how important was it? What does that suggest for United's post-COVID earnings power if there is some structural impairment? And feel free to speculate on what you think that impairment may be? 
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll let Andrew answer as well. But I'll start with my personal opinion, which I recognize is not the consensus, but as human beings, we are social creatures. And I think business demand is going to come back. I don't think it's coming back immediately. I think demand sort of starts to recover in earnest end of next year, beginning of 2022. And business demand getting back to normal, I would guess, 2024. But I think it will come back to normal. I've been fond of saying the first time someone loses a sale to a competitor who showed up in person is the last time they tried to make a sales call on Zoom. There's a great commercial from United that's over 30 years old that you can go Google, but it ends with I'm going to see that old friend. That was true 30 years ago. That will be true in the future because that is what human nature is.  And business travel is incredibly important to United. And it was our bread and butter before. I think it will be our bread and butter in the future. It's going to be a few years before it comes back in earnest. But one of the things that I think is great when we talked about United being the leader in global aviation, we were headed in that direction before this all started. I think we're going to make a decade worth of progress during the pandemic. And when we emerge, particularly given our seven hubs, given what our pilots agreed to do by keeping everyone in their seats, given everything that we're doing to invest in the customer experience, eliminating change fee, everything that we're doing with our loyalty program, we're going to emerge as the world's number one business class airline. I think it's 2024 before it all comes back. But in that world too, I think we will have picked up share, frankly. So, don't even have to come back for 100% for that to be really successful for United. I will caveat it, however, and say, we're staying flexible, as Andrew said. We've got airplanes that are parked in the desert. And if we recognize that that's not the certainty, what I just described, and if it's wrong, we won't do it. And we won't go there. But that's my guess for what's going to happen that business travel demand is going to recover and United is disproportionately going to win in that environment. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: I think the only thing I'd add to that, Scott, is that maybe going back to our hubs, our hubs are the home to a majority of the global business traffic coming from the United States, particularly New York, Washington DC, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Chicago, and even to some extent, Houston. And those markets, the business traffic, they're going to  our markets are going to bounce back quicker and stronger in our opinion and allow us to get back to flying faster than others. So, that's worth thinking about as we go down the road.  The other thing I'll say is that the competitive environment is not the same. I look around the world and the number of 747s and A380s that have been grounded is just  it's very, very large, obviously. And so, the competitive dynamics in the global arena for the next few years are simply going to be different. So, there's a lot of calculations moving. Demand is moving. ASMs are moving. And how flight survival based on what gateways they depart from will be different in the upcoming couple of years than they were prior to this crisis. And we're prepared to be agile and work around all those things to come out quicker and stronger. 
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I'm open to your suggestions on if there's a good way to do this, but I was wondering if you could provide some visibility into your cash OpEx savings. Obviously quarter-to-quarter, it's not easy to do because capacity is moving around and hopefully recovering. But can you quantify cash OpEx savings that are hitting here in the fourth quarter? And if the fourth quarter is sort of not the best timeframe, when do you expect to fully hit your stride on that front?
Gerald Laderman: I'll take that. I would say the fourth quarter is not the best quarter for a number of reasons. So, next year, first quarter, and through the year will be the best way to look at it. So, we could give you better color in January. The problem with the fourth quarter is there is a lot of noise. There's, unfortunately, the severance noise. There's also noise associated with things that we did in the second and third quarter. For example, when we started this crisis, the very first thing we did was, okay, let's look at cash payments and stop what we can and defer what we can. And we had terrific support from our suppliers and our vendors say, okay, they can wait a little while. But we didn't ask for particularly volume extensions, but there's probably 250-ish million dollars of payments in the fourth quarter that are associated with obligations that we deferred from the second and third quarter.  Maintenance expense is another good one. I think at most everybody in the industry would have done through the spring and summer is use up maintenance time on aircraft and let aircraft then kind of rest for a while before actually putting them into checks. That process has to start at some point. And for us, that process has started in the fourth quarter to get ready just for next year. And so, we'll see maintenance expense up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, which is why next year is going to be the better year to kind of look at that. 
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then, if I could for my follow-up, Scott, can you just give us some perspective on testing as a solution? You brought it up and agree you have had some leadership there. But what are the gating factors? What really needs to happen? What are the regulatory bodies we should be watching it? Is it a function of we don't have PCR tests available on a fast enough basis today? Or is it just a lack of movement on the part of regulatory bodies? Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Kirby: It's a really important question. But rather than me answer it, I'm going to let the real experts and the ones that have been driving the work, Brett and Toby, take a shot at it. 
Brett Hart: Duane, I'll take the first shot and then Toby can step in and offer perspective as well. I think one of the things you have to keep in mind is that we're at a point in time where we have cities, we have states, we have different international regulatory bodies who are trying to regulate different standards and different tests to open up the markets. So, what we're doing in particular with Hawaii and San Francisco is we are trying to lay down a blueprint that we think is replicable in other areas and that will help us open up new markets. So, what we expect is that it will demonstrate that we can do this in an efficient and a very safe way.  One of the issues that we do have is that different tests are coming on the market, and we have varying levels of availability. We're working all of those angles to ensure that, as we roll out these programs and we hope to open new markets and convince new regulatory regimes around the world to adopt something that is fairly uniform that we'll be able to do that in a very effective way.  Toby, I don't know if you want to add anything to that. 
Torbjorn Enqvist: No, I think you said it perfectly. 
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. 
Michael Linenberg: Two questions here. Just back to the testing. Andrew, you mentioned that Hawaii capacity is going to be increased in anticipation of increased volume, but I realize it's early. What are you seeing with respect to bookings following the announcement of the test Hawaii? And are you seeing actually a greater pickup in demand in the premium cabin just given where the price point is of the test relative to the fares?
Andrew Nocella: What I'll tell you is we have planned Hawaii down 54% in Q3 year-over-year. I'm sorry, Q3 down 85% year-over-year. In Q4, it will be down 54%. It'll now be 9% of our domestic ASMs versus 4%. So, we do anticipate and we have seen a demand recovery to Hawaii. Ultimately, I'll report out on that in January and let you know how it exactly went. But today is our first day of our bigger schedule. And we have very nice load factors outbound. And we expect it to be a strong holiday season as well. So, we're bullish that Hawaii with the testing environment and the quarantine situation with that lifted was a good test, is well on its way and we're excited to have grown our capacity. And we think we put it in the right place at the right time. But again, we'll measure our success in January and let you know how we did. 
Michael Linenberg: And then just the second one, and maybe you're the right person to answer this as well. Obviously, kudos to the team to not have any pilot furloughs. And yet, I still see that you, unfortunately, do have to remove six seats from the 76 seaters. There's been additional sort of language around scope or tightening of scope. Can you just elaborate on what some of those other elements of the scope are? Thank you. 
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We really have a groundbreaking new agreement with our pilots that allows us to variabilize our cost structure and bounce back when we're ready to bounce back. And they definitely had some concerns about how we put it altogether, and we worked collectively and collaboratively to come up with something that worked for both of us.  The second change that you're talking about, in addition to the 76 seaters becoming 70, relates to the ratio of how many block hours we can fly on RJs versus mainline. And we agreed to temporarily restrain that number versus what's normally allowed. We don't think that's going to have any impact on our schedules later this year or next year based on the recovery that we have seen right now. So, it was something we were able to do to provide some level of comfort to our pilots in overall agreement that we think is a big win for United Airlines and quite unique for our business. 
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Jose Caiado. 
Jose Caiado: I just have a quick follow-up on the airport testing  rapid testing questions that have been asked. And that's really, what are your thoughts on who should fund the cost of these testing programs? Is that something that should be funded by the government, by you or should it be funded by passengers in the form of higher ticket costs? 
Scott Kirby: Brett, you want to take that? 
Brett Hart: Sure, sure. At present, our customers are covering the cost. And what we're going to work really hard to do is to drive down the costs of those tests, as we move to additional markets. And if you look at the different types of tests that are available now, you have more traditional tests, which are more expensive. But now we have increasingly rapid tests available. And those tests are quite reasonable in costs, down in the $15 range. So, we think as more tests become available and we're able to provide more options and different markets that we'll get to a point where this is a cost [Technical Difficulty] overall to travel for our customers. And we think that it's a cost that can easily at this point in time be absorbed. So, that's our perspective at the moment. 
Jose Caiado: And then, just a quick follow-up, maybe for Gerry on costs. Appreciate the next couple of quarters are certainly going to be noisy. There's going to be a lot of moving pieces. But just longer term, how should we think about the cost trajectory as you ramp back up in the next few years? What's the stickiness of the cost that you're taking out today? How much is structural? And just how should the expense lines recover as capacity and revenue recovers? 
Gerald Laderman: Sure. I think as I mentioned, as we shift our focus back to more traditional metrics, like CASMx, we'll get back to where we left off, which was taking 2019 as our baseline and managing costs the way we had pre-crisis, which is to do everything we can to keep CASMx flat or better over time. 
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien.
Catherine O'Brien: Maybe just one on demand and the combination of all the talk on testing as well. So, it seems like for most the pandemic, booking trends are very correlated with trends and cases or at least headlines on cases. Is that still true today? Or has spreading the word on cleaning standards, more testing, et cetera, started to break down that relationship? And really just asking in the context of cases globally picking back up here. Thanks. 
Andrew Nocella: That's a really good question. And I think you've got on to something that there is a different trend line now. Back in June, when we saw the spike in cases, we saw really a direct and negative impact on our bookings that impacted July and August. But I would say over the last eight weeks or so, we domestically have seen just steady progress. Even though headlines sound good or headlines sound bad, depending on what you read and when you read it, I think domestically, we would describe we've seen steady progress, again, focused on leisure demand, not on business demand, but steady progress that's divorced from the headlines, which is I think from our business perspective nice to see. 
Catherine O'Brien: Maybe just one more on business travel. So, if business travel is going to take longer to recover than leisure or  depending who you're talking to  potentially not fully recovered to pre COVID levels, what changes to the cost structure or product offering would United consider making to offset that change to the revenue mix maybe over the short term or perhaps over the longer term if it really does end up that we've had a structural shift down in just the amount of business travelers traveling in the future? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thank you. 
Scott Kirby: I guess I'll start. And what I'd say is, we don't think that's going to happen. So, we actually think the opposite. We have been thinking about it. But I think that's probably something that is best kept to ourselves at this point in time for an outcome that we don't think is the base case scenario in any event. 
Operator: And we will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]. From Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. 
Justin Bachman: Getting back sort of to Catherine O'Brien's question about the divorce between the headlines and booking trends, I'm wondering on the corporate side, what are you hearing from those accounts as far as what their gating factors are for when some of the larger corporations will get their people back on the road? Thank you. 
Andrew Nocella: We actually have asked our sales folks to get back on the road. And I was recently in New York talking to some of our clients as well as we try to get back to this new normal. And what we hear is, one, that the policies of no travel have been relaxed. So, there is the ability to travel. It's sometimes a little bit more cumbersome than it was in the past in terms of the rules. You need to do it. But the no travel policy have mostly been eliminated, which was good to see.  And then second, on traveler sentiment, that's what we track. Are people concerned about flying? And we've seen material progress in that number. In fact, the number in our last reading was the best we've seen since the crisis started in terms of concern about traveling. So, really great progress on that front.  But as Scott said earlier, there needs to be a reason to travel. People need to be in their offices or around. And that really hasn't happened yet. So, we're anxiously  and we're watching, for example, the occupancy rate of New York City skyscrapers. And when that number starts to go up, I think you're going to see business travel start to rebound because there's a reason to travel. Right now, the reason to travel are just not sufficient enough to get business traffic started. But once it does start, I think it's going to happen in a reasonable time period, as Scott said earlier, and travel really connects us and makes the difference on some of those key deals being done around the world. And so, we fully expect it to come back. But the most important part is the travel policies have now been relaxed, so people can travel. 
Operator: From Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. 
Alison Sider: [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Alison, unfortunately, your line is staticky. We're not going to be able to take your question. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take from CNBC, Leslie Josephs. 
Leslie Josephs: [Technical Difficulty] do you see as much emphasis on international and corporate as you had pre-pandemic once you get through all this or is there going to be  United is going to look different [indiscernible]?
Scott Kirby: Andrew, did you get that? 
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Leslie. Unfortunately, I could hear something about business models, but I really otherwise could not hear the question. 
Scott Kirby: I think the question is, is business in international going to change or will our business model have to change as a result? 
Andrew Nocella: Okay. Well, look, we started just saying we'd be agile. We also added that New York, Washington, San Francisco, Chicago, these are the origin points and destination points for a majority of business travel to and from the United States. They also happen to be our hubs. So, we're quite confident that when business traffic rebounds in whatever shape and form it does, it rebounds quicker in our hubs and the financial viability of our flights is simply better than that of our competitors, in our opinion. And in fact, that was true pre-COVID, as well. So, this is something we're not overly worried about. We think we're in a very good structural place and we'll react to whatever we see in the world and we'll be agile because that's what we need to do. But we think we're in actually a good place in terms of where our hubs are, our fleet flexibility and how we're evolving the network. We have made a number of changes to the network, reflecting diversifying of capacity and really risk. And for example, we've announced Ghana, Lagos, Johannesburg, Bangalore. So, as we put our widebodies back to use, they won't exactly be going to where they were going pre crisis, pre COVID. They'll be going to a new set of destinations with a new distribution and capacity that we think reflects the New World. Obviously, we'll continue to adjust it as necessary. 
Operator: From Business Insider, we have David Slotnick. 
David Slotnick: I'm just curious, when you were talking about grounded fleets  or grounded planes before, the 737 MAX seems like it's about to be recertified. I was wondering if you're planning to bring those back into service right away or wait until demand picks up. 
Andrew Nocella: We don't know the exact date they'll be recertified. And at this point, we don't have them in the schedule this year. So, likely sometime next year based on the schedule here from the FAA and Boeing. 
Operator: At this point, we're going to try Alison Sider's line. 
Alison Sider: I wanted to ask about what, if anything, you're hearing on state and local travel restriction, those might kind of come back or come back in greater force this winter if cases keep rising? Is that something you have conversations with state and local officials about? 
Brett Hart: This is Brett. I'll take that question. We're certainly in close contact with state and local officials. And we have an interesting process and that they are all making independent decisions about how to govern their cities and states. So, we think there's a bit of a wait and see approach in most states and cities, but we are working hard to understand the direction that they may be going in. We're helping them understand what we're seeing. And we're certainly talking to them about the safety and health measures that we're putting in place in the spaces that we control in the airports and on our aircraft, and making sure that they understand what we're doing to help facilitate travel and the importance of travel to their cities and states, which by and large they understand. So, we're closely connected. I can't speak to what may happen in the fall. But we are certainly in constant contact with them. 
Operator: And from Reuters, we have Tracy Rucinski. 
Tracy Rucinski: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the significance of the Department of Defense study on cabin airflow and COVID transmission? Can the results be extrapolated to other aircraft beyond the 777 and the 767s? 
Andrew Nocella: I think everything that's happened recently, this is the most significant announcement that has come out. And while it will be important to keep doing more testing, the reality is, those tests are indicative of what happens on every airplane. An aircraft is just a remarkably safe environment. And even beyond just these tests, if you've been reading what the CDC and others have been saying recently, they talk about super spreader events and where it's dangerous, and it's indoors with poor ventilation and poor air circulation. What we've demonstrated with the DoD and DARPA is that aircraft  because the airflow is from the ceiling to the floor and is not spreading amongst the customers and because the air circulation is happening every two to three minutes going through HEPA grade filters with 50% air from the outside, there is no place indoors that is anywhere close to that. That's why IATA can say your chances of getting hit by lightning  it's equivalent to your chances of getting hit by a lightning or others that have said you need to fly 54 hours non-stop next to someone with COVID to have a reasonable chance of catching it. Aircraft really are a truly uniquely safe environment.  One of the important things with United, however, that I would encourage other airlines around the world to do for safety is make sure that customers have the benefit of that robust airflow system the entire time you're on the airplane, and you maximize that by running the auxiliary power unit before you start boarding passengers and until you continue deplaning passengers. United, I think, is the only airline that is doing that. It does cost them money. But it makes sure that 100% of the time our customers onboard an airplane, they get the benefit of that robust airflow.  But it is remarkable. We've known some of these facts for a while. It's encouraging to see more of them coming out into the public sphere. It is remarkable how safe you are onboard an aircraft. 
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. 
Kristina Munoz: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact investor or media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next year. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2020. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Kristina Munoz, Director of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are: Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Scott
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina, and thank you all for joining our call today. This, obviously, was not the environment that I expected for my first call as CEO. But I have to say that I've never been more proud than I am as a team at United, and I want to thank everyone for their leadership, support and dedication to the company that we all love during what is the most difficult time any of us experienced, both for our airline and our families. Our frontline hasn't allowed dramatic reduction in our schedules or headlines about potential furloughs or new mass requirements to interfere with their commitment to taking care of our customers and each other. In fact, our customer satisfaction scores in June improved nearly 30 points year-over-year. There's just no better evidence of our determined commitment to care for our customers and keep them safe. It's what the United Together is all about. And Brett will talk in some more detail about how our core four values have informed our industry-leading commitment to safety of our customers and employees. The second quarter of 2020 was historic for the airline industry for all the wrong reasons. At the beginning of April, we saw the sharpest, deepest drop in demand in history, far worse than 9/11 or the Great Recession or any other stress test scenario that anyone had modeled. And near the end of the quarter, just as optimism about our recovery was beginning to build, we watched demand fade once again as COVID-19 spiked in the Sunbelt. But we will make it through this crisis. And I've never been more confident that we will make it through this crisis. I think we'll look back on the second quarter of 2020 as an extraordinary three-month period filled with achievement that I wasn't  that weren't even sure were possible when we started back in April. We can't control the course of the pandemic, though we are doing our part to help by leading with safety. And the United team has been doing an exceptional job of controlling what we can and generating what we expect will be the best, or, in this case, least bad financial results of any of our network competitors. Some of the achievements this quarter included the fastest, most realistic and accurate assessment of the demand environment, completing the largest debt financing in the history of the airline business, backed by our loyalty program; dramatically reducing our cost structure; and implementing a variety of industry-leading measures designed to protect our customers and employees from the spread of the coronavirus. While some of you have noted that previous strength, including our high exposure to international and business demand, will create larger headwinds for United, those of you who've joined these calls will  before will not be surprised to hear that our no excuses philosophy is not suspended just because times are tough. In fact, that philosophy is more important than ever in times of adversity, and it has served us well because in spite of what could have been easily explainable excuses, the United team pulled together to overcome them, and we expect to deliver the best financial results to the network carrier. As Andrew and Gerry will discuss in more detail, we expect that our realistic, smart and opportunistic commercial strategy backed by a dynamic and thriving cargo business, combined with other dramatic cost-cutting and cash flow company, resulted in United losses and daily cash burn being lower than either of our network competitors in the second quarter. And that's important, because as we've discussed before, minimizing the depth of the hole we dig in this crisis is critical to preparing United to thrive on the other side. I look forward to the day where we're past the pandemic and can stop talking about cash burn. But the country, the world and aviation are where we are right now. I remain confident that the virus will be depleted. And when it is, I'm very bullish about our future because I believe the current headwind related to international and business travel will once again return to being important and unique strategic advantage for United Airlines. And if we can produce leading financial results, even with these larger headwinds right now, just imagine what we'll do in a healthier operating environment. My recap of the second quarter would not be complete if I didn't mention how conversations about confronting systemic racism reverberated through our society, including here at United, like never before. As a company, we'll have much more to say and more importantly, do on this topic in the future. But for now, let me reiterate that I'm personally committed to using the influence and visibility of my new role at United to put our values, especially our commitment to equity and inclusion, into action. Now if you've doubted just how busy Q2 was for United, let me remind you that we also named Brett Hart, as our new President. Brett's been a trusted colleague, valued adviser and a good friend since I joined United almost four years ago. He's been a widely respected leader at United for much longer than that. It's my honor to introduce him as my partner for the first time on an earnings call in his new role as our President. Brett, over to you.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott, for that kind introduction. I also appreciate your long-term commitment to action on diversity, equity and inclusion. And I'm excited about how our partnership can bring about meaningful and lasting change at United and in the communities we serve. Let me begin by saying how proud I am of what our team has accomplished over the last few months in the face of near-zero demand for air travel back in April. While we have a long road ahead of us, we believe the $16.1 billion of liquidity we have raised since the start of the crisis and our dramatic reduction in cash burn have set us up to not only survive this crisis but to emerge in a position of strength during the recovery. Throughout this crisis, we have never lost sight of the fact that the very first pillar of our core four is and always will be safety. With this guiding principle, we have introduced a number of industry-leading safety measures to do our part to prevent the spread of the coronavirus and to protect our employees and customers, including requiring all flight attendants and passengers to wear masks, asking all passengers to complete a health assessment during check-in, offering customers the option to change flights for free, if their flight is expected to be at least 70% full and partnering with Clorox and the Cleveland Clinic, just to name a few. Along with our unwavering commitment to safety, at the very outset of the pandemic, our former CEO and current Chairman, Oscar Munoz, and Scott made it clear that our number one priority was to preserve as many United jobs as possible for the long term. To this end, very early in the crisis, we began efforts to reduce our non-labor expenses and eliminate any discretionary or non-essential project spend. I want to thank our over 26,000 team members who have all contributed to reducing our expenses through early separation program, voluntary unpaid leave programs or reduced work schedule. Our voluntary separation and retirement programs are almost closed. And so far, over 6,000 employees have opted to participate. At a time of unprecedented uncertainty, these contributions by our employees were one of the most meaningful actions that could be taken. Unfortunately, this crisis has lasted longer and become worse than most experts anticipated. And so these efforts, while meaningful and appreciated, simply are not enough and only get us a small step of the way there. We are left to make some of the most difficult decisions in the history of United Airlines, specifically on the size of our workforce. On October 1, we are planning to be a smaller team and airline, in response to the depressed demand environment. Transparency and candor in a situation like this, where no one is at fault, is the most core4 thing we can do for our team. We have been in active communication with our unions to identify voluntary programs that could mitigate furloughs. In this uncertain world, giving our United team members a choice as much as we can is an important element of our strategy. These voluntary programs will be balanced offers, which reduce labor costs while providing flexibility to our team and to United, so that when demand returns, and it will return, we have the jobs and the people ready to go and can avoid as many involuntary furloughs as possible. While this unprecedented health crisis has changed the way we operate, that haven't changed the commitment our employees have to run a great airline. As part of the leadership team, we will continue our promise to do everything in our power to preserve as many jobs as we can for the people of United. With that, I'll turn it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment. Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Brett. The second quarter was clearly the most difficult quarter in United's history. We acted quickly and decisively to confront demand changes. In fact, our change in total revenue in the quarter of down 87% wind up being consistent with our total capacity being down 88%. Our network peers flew more capacity than United, and we believe our careful management of capacity, pricing and cargo during the quarter is the primary driver of our good results relative to our network peers in terms of absolute losses and cash burn. We feel as good as we can about these relative results. In a world of limited demand, driving our cash burn down is absolutely a function of the amount of capacity we offer. We clearly have a long way to go as we navigate COVID-19, but we got off to a relatively good start. At the start of the pandemic, many feared our outsized exposure to business traffic, international traffic and our coastal hubs would have been a drag on performance relative to other network carriers, but this was not the case as we made smart decisions about capacity. We'll not be focusing on market share during the worst financial crisis the industry has ever faced. Instead, our focus is on ending cash burn and returning United to profitability. As we look towards an eventual recovery, international demand will be slower to recover than domestic. When international demand does recover, we believe United's coastal gateway hub will recover quicker than others, a benefit of having the best U.S. gateways to start with. Orders are up around the world now and international revenue is low. We believe at United that we have already felt the worst of the international passenger revenue decline impact. Borders will open someday and we believe United is well positioned to experience the fastest international revenue growth when they do. Corporate traffic, which was down 96% in June, will also be slower to come back than leisure, but we believe it will. We are social creatures. Video technology is proved as a reasonable temporary measure, but we do not expect it to replace meeting in person over the long term. In fact, we have a hypothesis that more work-from-home employees may drive increased business travel over the medium term as some people trade their commutes by cars for less frequent computing by airplane from a remote location. So in the short term, we will make appropriate adjustments to our network to reflect less business traffic by putting a higher proportion of our capacity into leisure and visiting family and relative market. We expect the recovery in demand well see to be jagged. Everyone has a view what the recovery will look like, but we'll not pretend to be able to predict the path of the virus. We do expect that demand recovery, which stalled in recent weeks, will begin to recover again when new cases start to fall, quarantines are lifted and borders are reopened. However, we continue to believe a full recovery is contingent upon effective therapeutics and a vaccine. Our best guess is demand, as measured by revenue will recover overtime to be down approximately 50% and then plateau at that level until a vaccine is widely distributed. We discovered how disruptive the virus could be to demand very early on in the pandemic and we used those learnings to shape our near-term capacity decisions. For April and May, we reduced capacity approximately 85%. We also temporarily reduced our average seats per departure in May and June by 23%, which lowered our trip costs, helping us conserve cash while the CARES Act Payroll Support Program supported the salaries of the United team. In each of our mid-Continent hubs, we came up with an entirely new schedule, while maintaining the comprehensive network and sufficient connectivity. Domestic PRASM in Q2 was down by 47%. We did see steady progress throughout the quarter as our schedule changes were implemented and demand began a slow, but steady rebound. Domestic PRASM performance in June improved to be down only 15%, reflecting an improved demand outlook even as we are deploying multiple actions to minimize flights operating above 70% load factors. We update 66 flights per day in June, restricted inventory in flights booked above 70% and blocked certain seats from sale. While we have very high confidence in the safety onboard aircraft, we continue to deploy multiple actions to manage high load factor flights to increase customer confidence. Our approach for international wide-body long-haul line has been to leverage our cargo capabilities to partially offset declines in passenger revenues. For the quarter, international ASMs were down 92%, but we maintained passenger service throughout the crisis to Australia, Japan, Brazil and multiple points in Europe, even with increasingly restricted border policies. We also operated over 3,800 old cargo charted flight in the quarter, which contributed to our over 36% improvement in cargo revenue in the quarter, while our competitors saw cargo revenue decline. The United cargo team clearly hit a homerun in the quarter, and cargo is on track to have another great quarter. The recent uptick in COVID cases in late June and early July have temporarily stalled demand improvements we were seeing in June. Third quarter domestic capacity is expected to be down at least 55%. Domestic RASM results for United in July and August will clearly not be as good as late June, given industry dynamics, stalled demand and our own capacity increases. United's August schedule is already adjusted downwards the other week, given recent changes in demand, and our September schedule is still not finalized. Domestic load factors in the coming weeks are expected to average just below half full, a reduction from the 57% we saw in June. And the event customers are booked on flights that are above 70%, we will continue to let them know in advance and offer an alternative flight and no additional fee if they'd like to make a change. We expect that passenger revenue in the third quarter will fall approximately 83% versus Q2 of down 93.5%, with consolidated capacity expected to be down approximately 55%. Just a few weeks ago, prior to the case spike, we had expected revenues in the quarter to be down less than 80%. With the end of the Payroll Support Program, our marginal costs will increase later this year, and that will impact how much incremental capacity we can add in most -- post summer, if any. However, given a look at industry dynamics, we expect to have the most conservative deployment of third quarter capacity of anyone. My update on past earning calls reported on United's progress on our array of commercial and customer initiatives. We can't be sure that every aspect of our past commercial and commercial plans will be relevant in the future. But our team is agile, and we're ready to respond to an ever-changing world. We have proven that over the past few years, and we'll prove it again over the next few. Thanks to the entire United team. Your dedication in these difficult times will allow us to come out of this period strong. And with that, I will turn it over to Gerry. Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. For the second quarter of 2020, we reported a pre-tax loss of $2 billion and an adjusted pre-tax loss of $3.2 billion. These results represent how this global pandemic continues to materially disrupt our business in unprecedented ways and, therefore, requires unprecedented responses to ensure we come out of the crisis as strong as possible. Since the start of the crisis, we focused on aggressive cost-cutting to minimize our daily cash burn and aggressively pursued opportunities to bolster our liquidity position. Since March, we have raised a total of $16.1 billion of additional liquidity, largely through debt offerings, stock issuances and the CARES Act, Payroll Support Program grant and loan. Included in our capital raising actions was the truly first of its kind debt financing using our MileagePlus program, which brought in $6.8 billion in liquidity. Working with Goldman Sachs, our lead underwriter, we were able to formulate an innovative structure that allowed us to unlock some of the inherent value in the program. We were able to achieve our key objective of raising a substantial amount of liquidity at attractive interest rates in a manner, which doesn't impair our flexibility to use MileagePlus to support our business going forward. I certainly appreciate comments made by one of my peers recently, who recognize that this structure will serve as a model for the use of loyalty programs to raise liquidity by the industry in the future. We continue to target over $18 billion in available liquidity by the end of the third quarter. We believe this level of liquidity will position us to manage the airline well, if the crisis continues to depress demand far into 2021 and even beyond, depending on the pace of recovery. While we view this as enough liquidity, should we desire to raise additional liquidity, we have at least $9 billion of available collateral value, excluding both MileagePlus and the collateral we expect to hold available for our CARES Act loan and this additional collateral, we can borrow again, subject, of course, to market conditions. Having built up a substantial cash cushion, we will continue to make every effort to preserve our liquidity until we are out of the crisis. Through the hard work of our employees across the business, we reduced our second quarter average daily cash burn to $40 million, including approximately $3 million of principal payments and severance expenses, ending up at the low end of our original second quarter guidance range. Over the last three months, we have reduced our total operating expenses, excluding special charges, by 54% and eliminated all sources of discretionary spend. What is left is simply what is absolutely needed to operate the airline and nothing more. We also significantly reduced our adjusted capital expenditures since the crisis began and have paused all investments that didn't have an immediate return. In fact, we now expect our 2020 adjusted capital expenditures to be approximately $3.7 billion, down from our previous guidance of less than $4.5 billion, and of course, down from the $7 billion we originally forecasted before the crisis. We continue to take delivery of new aircraft only when financing is available, and we've come to an agreement with Boeing that we will not be taking delivery of any new aircraft in 2022. Our team is working tirelessly to examine how we can further variabilize our cost structure to ensure that we come out as a stronger industry player, once the pandemic ends. One area we do continue to look at is our overall fleet. We currently have close to 600 aircraft temporarily grounded. While we do not have anything specific to announce on aircraft retirements at this time, our priority is to remain agile. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect our average daily cash burn in the third quarter to be approximately $25 million, with $6 million representing debt principal payments and severance expenses. This cash burn estimate assumes passenger revenue is down around 83% for the quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter and next year, nobody had good visibility on the pace of demand improvement. As a result, our primary focus will continue to be minimizing cash burn for the foreseeable future. Unfortunately, this means that we will need to bring all of our costs in line with our reduced revenue, including labor costs. And this has led to the difficult but necessary decision to reduce the size of our workforce in the fourth quarter. We believe that when demand returns, based on the work the entire United team has accomplished in cutting costs to respond to the crisis, we will be in the best position to reach cash burn breakeven, which we expect will be in an environment where demand and capacity are down around 50%. We will let you all make your own forecast as to when that will happen. In closing, I will reiterate that there is still a tremendous amount of uncertainty ahead. But we believe that United is in a position of strength to manage through what we expect to be a jagged recovery. And with that, I will turn it over to Christina to start the Q&A.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Jerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. And the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And from Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please, go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning. So, I wanted to ask you about the headcount plans. Obviously, the 6,000 employees that have signed up for the voluntary out is well below the numbers that have been commented on before in terms of reductions that might be required to right-size the network. How should we be expecting this to play out over the course of the next couple of months? I mean, obviously, the CARES loan closes off in September, or the CARES provisions anyway. What can you tell us about sort of the scope of expected actions here and the timing on when these announcements might be made?
Scott Kirby: Hey, David, good to talk to you. What I'd say is the 6,000 voluntary, first, I'd like to thank everyone at United, all the 6,000. And there's another approximately 26,000 people, who've taken temporary voluntary programs at United so far. So thank all of them for their selfless action and doing what they can to help United and their fellow coworkers get through this. It's a testament to how much people care about this company and doing the right thing. But look, I think of it is, there's 32,000 people so far who've raised their hands and taken a voluntary program. We are still working with some of our other unions as well. So I expect, if we get those deals done, we will have opportunity to have any more. But at least I think of it as that 32,000 number is probably the more relevant metric, because some of those are temporary. And look, we know that there's going to be a recovery. And if we can keep people temporarily, maybe not on the payroll full-time, but engaged, connected to the company, certified, trained and ready to bounce back, because the bounce -- the recovery is going to be quick, that's really important to us. So we feel pretty good  we feel really good actually about where we are in the voluntary program so far.
David Vernon: And can you comment on  I know these are difficult discussions. But as far as kind of the tone and tenor and the relationship with labor, can you give us some feel for the status of the relationship there? Is this -- is it competitive? Is it collaborative? Like, how is the tone of the negotiations so far in terms of mitigating furlough actions and maybe getting some additional help from labor side to get through that?
Scott Kirby: Look, I'm not going to comment on the specifics of the negotiations. But I would say, we've been transparent and honest with everyone from the beginning, including our employees and our labor union and all of you. And that helps set the foundation. And this is a situation where our interests are aligned. This is not a traditional kind of adversarial types of discussions. We all share the goal of getting through what we all know is a temporary crisis and getting to the other side. We wish that there was going to be no pain to get through it, but we all now recognize that this pandemic is deeper, and it's going to last longer than we would have hoped. And because of that, there is going to be some pain. And so the discussions are about how do we minimize that in the most humane way jointly with our people and I feel good -- I feel really good about where we are.
Operator: And from Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey thanks. Just in terms of the cash burn improvement sequentially, maybe you could provide some detail there. So, your capacity is up meaningfully and appreciate those capacity plans have a downward bias, given changes in demand. But higher capacity up, call it, 190%, which will drive higher variable costs, and yet demand feels like it's taken a bit of a step backward. So, is this a function of recovery you expect later in the quarter? Is this cost driven or is this all working capital driven?
Gerry Laderman: Hey, it's Gerry. So, the short answer is it's a combination of everything. And I think you're referring to our prior guidance, which had third quarter cash burn a little higher than what we're currently expecting. And I would say, versus when we established that guidance, while demand has taken a turn, it's still a little higher than what we assumed back then. We're also doing a nice job on continuing on savings on costs, including -- well, cash costs, so including in that would be some CapEx that we're saving. So, it's sort of a combination of everything that has driven us to be able to refine our forecast and estimate a lower cash burn than we assumed a few months ago for the quarter.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. Thanks Gerry. And then just for a follow-up. Appreciate the long-term commentary about sort of plateauing it down 50 until we get a vaccine. But what is the path from down 83 to down 50? How do we get there? Is it -- you expect corporate to maybe perk up a little bit as we get beyond summer leisure or what is that path from down 83 to down 50 look like? How do we get there? Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Kirby: Yes. Hey Duane, I'll try that. I don't think we know what the exact path will be and we'll acknowledge that we don't know what the exact path will be. But what I would say is we've been reasonably accurate, very much center of the fairway in forecasting both the course of the pandemic and the impact of demand so far and we expect it to be jagged like this.  For what it's worth, I also think that while we took a step back in the last few weeks, as Andrew said, that has plateaued, I think that we, as a country and a society, have learned some lessons about what we should do, particularly wearing masks. And that we'll be more up from here. The kind of demand that I think is going to come back, but one, also, I think it's important for people to understand, and I said this earlier on TV today that an aircraft actually is a uniquely safe environment. And that is confusing to people because you hear all -- you hear about being an indoor spaces and the transmission of a virus. But aircraft are designed as to have airflow that goes from the ceiling down to the floor and out. And that air is taken -- either 50% of the air that's coming back into the cabin has been re-filtered through a HEPA-grade filter, and 50% is coming from the outside. And that, combined with our mask policies and our cleaning policies, makes an aircraft a uniquely safe environment. And so for people that are wanting to go on a business trip or on a vacation or to visit family and relatives, one of the safest parts of their journey is going to be on an airplane, that's really important for us at United and for the industry, to get back to that 50% level. I think we're going to have to get understanding that flying somewhere instead of getting in a car and driving for 13 hours, you're safer actually flying. And I very, very much believe that to be the case. And we're taking additional steps announced this week to make sure the whole travel process is safe, including in the airports or before the engine start on an airplane. All of that, I think will allow a reasonable recovery in visiting family and relatives. A lot of other leisure travel is not going to get back to 100%. My guess is, I think Disney World sounds like they're doing a great job, but it's not going to be at 100% capacity. But you know business demand, I think, will start to come back. The small kind of group stuff will start to come back, but we're not going to have 180,000 people show up at Consumer Electronics in Las Vegas this January, like they did last January. Those kind of meetings just aren't going to happen. Companies are not going to have their top 500 salespeople come in every year, at the end of the year for a big party and a celebration until we're past the pandemic and there's a widely available vaccine. So you add all that up, I think we're going to be a gradual trajectory from today's level of demand up to 50%, where we'll plateau. And then I think there'll be a rapid recovery once we get to kind of a widespread vaccine. I'm not sure how long it takes to get to 50, but that's a very expansive answer of how we get to 50, why we think it will be 50 and what's important to get there.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hi, everybody. Good morning, thank you. So you had 196 wide-bodies at year-end '19. Knowing what we know now, which admittedly isn't much, do you think you have more or less than 100 in the fleet at the end of 2023?
Scott Kirby: Andrew?
Andrew Nocella: I guess I'll take that. Scott described how this is going to come back. And by the way, I think our international gateways are going to comeback quicker. And I think our international gateways naturally have a lot of place that other gateways don't have, which you see in our numbers, so the answer is more.
Hunter Keay: More than 100. Okay. Got it. And then, thank you. If you fly the same amount of capacity in the fourth quarter as you do in the third quarter, can you generate more revenue in the fourth quarter than you do in the third quarter, knowing what you know now about like corporate and VFR mix and all that stuff?
Andrew Nocella: What I would say, Hunter is we're  we did a pretty good job of it in Q2. We've got a little bit ahead of ourselves in July, but that's really based on how demand changed and some -- the pricing environment that we see out there. But I think the think the answer to your question is, yes because we're going to get better and better at forecasting this. And we're now getting results in that we're looking at everyday about where we're making more and less money, both domestically and overseas. And we're refining the forecast. And we're tilting our capacity more towards what we'd say VFR markets and leisure market, which is also going to help. So I think as we optimize and refine the schedule, we can continue to push the numbers in the right direction.
Scott Kirby: And Hunter, I want to take a minute to brag on the commercial team. Andrew may not have been as direct about it. United Airlines and our  the whole company, but led by our commercial team has done a better job, I think, than any airline in the entire world and be -- recognizing what the pandemic has meant for demand and taking advantage of opportunities where they present themselves, whether that was for passenger demand. Andrew mentioned some of the places internationally that we're the only airline flying. Our cargo team, led by Jan Krems, 36% increase in cargo. I mean, who would have ever thought we could do something like that. And I know some of the stuff that they're working on that is creative. And I have confidence that the United team uniquely is going to be able to find opportunities to more appropriately match capacity to demand, but also to uniquely outperform by finding the pockets of demand where there is real opportunity.
Operator: From Vertical Research Partners, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi. Thanks for time everybody. Can you guys just give us a sense -- your OpEx was down 54% in the second quarter. Can you just give us a sense of how that number phased intra quarter? And then to that end, give us a sense of how you're thinking about the Q4 cash burn, either in your 50% revenue scenario, or in the scenario where nothing gets better like the framework that you gave with Q1 results?
Scott Kirby: Gerry?
Gerry Laderman: Yeah. For the third quarter, I would say that number is going to be around down 45% just given where we are with capacity. Too early to tell going forward until we set capacity beyond the third quarter, but it gives you a sense of where we are.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. And then, I guess, Gerry, just on the nature of this CapEx change, is this driven by United, or is it more related to slippage on the MAX certification and does the $700 million that you're taking out of 2020 now show up in 2021? Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: The answer is no. The $700 million does not show up in 2021. It's really three things. It's the impact of our agreement to move aircraft out of 2022. So instead of taking a fair number of MAX in 2022, we're now committed to take zero. That has an impact on pre-delivery deposits. There are also a couple of aircraft -- some number of aircraft that were in the capital expenditure forecast that were Embraer 175 later this year that we now expect will be taken by a regional partner, so that's out of our CapEx. And then there is also just a little bit of other work done. So that's what brought the number down. I would point out that of that $3.7 billion we're now forecasting for the year, about $1 billion of that is actually the present value of aircraft lease expense. We're taking a fair number of these new aircraft under operating leases that we are accounting as CapEx, the present value of those leases. That's about it. But if you back that out, and you remember that $2 billion of CapEx was spent in the first quarter, so excluding the leases, our CapEx for the last nine months of the year is down to about $700 million.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning everybody. Gerry, can you give us some more clarity on the air traffic liability right now in terms of its composition, and whether there's been any appreciable increase in refund requests following the flattening demand in the quarantine here in my home state?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Jamie, it's Andrew. It's just shy of $5 billion. But there are some stats there, what's coming in as our new revenue and what's coming in is the redemption of the EPCs and other instruments like that. And it's about two-thirds new revenue and one-third redemption of previous tickets. Refunds, as we get further and further into the pandemic, less and less of the booking curve was  are booked, obviously, in the past, best effectiveness now. So the refund rates are coming down. And those numbers, I think, are all kind of moving in the right direction, but roughly a two-third, one-third split and just shy of $5 billion right now for ATL.
Jamie Bake: Okay. Perfect. Second question, and probably for Gerry. Now that loyalty has been successfully monetized, can you share the collateral that you've pledged or believe you will pledge in the event that you draw a treasury loan? And also what the remaining unencumbered asset will look like should we draw that loan?
Gerry Laderman: Sure. I expect that we would use as collateral for the CARES Act loan, if we choose to take it and draw down the available route slots and gates. And so I mentioned that the remaining collateral not counting MileagePlus or the pool of routes that we're going to hold available for U.S. treasury is at least $9 billion. And that's a combination of remaining routes, hard assets, equipment and the like as well as equity in assets that are encumbered but where there's availability of second lien. I should point out, that does not include some other assets that other airlines have actually used successfully as collateral. For example, United brand itself has value. It does not include the brand. It does not include the value of the domestic hub network. Those are things that have real value. We have not included those yet, but we do know that since other airlines have used those assets, that would be available on top of the $9 billion I just described.
Operator: And from Cowen, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much operator. Hi, everybody. And thank you very much for the time. So I have two questions. My first question is, when you're looking at your bookings and people who are actually flying, I know, Scott, I think you said that there wasn't a lot of corporate travel. But are you seeing that your high-value loyalty customers are flying, or is it just more one-off customers who may not be as tied to the airline because they're not loyal members of MileagePlus?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Helane, it's Andrew. Actually, the good news on that front is we are seeing an ever-increasing rate of our premier members in the frequent flier program flying again, maybe not for business but for personal reasons. So they're getting back on an airplane. Obviously, if you go way back to April, that number was incredibly low. But we're seeing really nice progress in that front. So it's all moving in the right direction. Is it back to where it was before the crisis in terms of percentages? No, we do have a higher percentage of nonmembers on board than we used to. But that number, to me, looks like it's recovering very nicely as people get more comfortable flying on airplanes.
Helane Becker: And I'm wondering, if you're able to convert some of those nonmembers to members?
Andrew Nocella: We always work at that and also to get them to hold our credit card, obviously, which has done extraordinarily well during the crisis as well. Our credit card situation is completely diverse at this point from our passenger revenue situation. So that's going well. But we will continue to work to convert them, but it definitely is a different makeup of passengers, as we look back in time. But as we look forward in time, it seems to be moving back towards normal. But again, normal won't be achieved until I think there's a vaccine.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please, go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Thanks. Good morning. Scott, is Luc's compensation, his budget for talent and the level of investment in the MileagePlus consistent with it being a $25 billion asset?
Scott Kirby: I'm not going to talk about Luc's compensation on a public call. But Luc and his team have done a truly phenomenal job, not just what they've done on what they and Mike Leskinen and the whole finance and legal teams getting the MileagePlus Holdings deal done. But Luc went through a great negotiation, collaborative negotiation with Chase, which we announced like literally two days before the Italy news, so really good timing on our renewed deal with Chase. And as Andrew said, that's been a partnership that's working really well. And Luc is a great asset and his whole team for United. We make sure they get the resources they need to keep growing this business. And we also appreciate the partnership with JPMorgan Chase, who invest a lot in also growing this partnership.
Joseph DeNardi: How do you use the organizational structure and the commercial agreement you've established between the airline and the loyalty program to build a competitive advantage relative to your peers, more appropriately allocate capital, and then maybe most importantly, improve the profitability of the core airlines, so it earns an adequate return on capital post COVID?
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll let Andrew add to this, if you want. I'm not really 100% sure what you're getting at. But what I would say is, we were already kind of working down a road to more appropriately, at least internally, split out the financials and understand the real economics of the card, core airline. They do go together. They're not separable in the sense that you could have one without the other. They are  they mutually support each other in a positive and a good way. But we accelerated that effort, obviously, through the pandemic. And I don't know what all the answers are going to be yet. But I think that separation and that even clearer delineation will create new opportunities for Luc, Andrew and their teams to push on the non-airline side, which will also help the airline side. So it's a symbiotic relationship. Andrew, do you have anything to add?
Andrew Nocella: The only thing I would add is that, the transparency that others now see, we always saw internally. And we always recognize the enormous value there, and we'll continue to push it. And Luc is the right guy for the job and has a lot of creative ideas. We've seen that over the last year, and we'll see even more of it going forward. And I'm sure he'll be talking about his compensation with me right after this call. So thanks a lot.
Scott Kirby: He's texting me as we speak, by the way.
Operator: And from Raymond James, we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Hey, good morning. Just on the average daily cash burn, I wonder if you could help me kind of walk through as you get from 3Q to 4Q, what some of the key components do? I understand a portion of that is tied to variable. So, what revenue does? If you kind of take away that component, I think in the last call, there was kind of a discussion on maybe that coming down about $20 million from the level that we saw back then just on some of the costs coming out. I was wondering if you could help me understand just how that progresses.
Scott Kirby: So, Savi, I'll at least try, and I probably won't give you the answer you want, which is I'll start by saying, I think it's not correct to try to disaggregate the various components, whether it's cost, capacity, demand as separate variables because they're not independent variables, they're combined. And what we think will happen moving from the third quarter into the fourth quarter is we'll continue to make progress on costs, which will be a little bit of a tailwind. And we think the net effect of capacity and -- or cost efficiency -- the net effect of capacity and demand is going to continue to get better. We don't know that. Nobody can really give you an accurate forecast, but we'll be flexible. But if we just had to guess -- if I had to guess on what cash burn is going to be for the fourth quarter, I would guess it's going to average in the $15 million to $20 million range. A little bit of that at cost, but mostly about an improving demand environment and an improving demand environment relative to the amount of capacity you have to deploy to generate the demand. But if demand is stronger, there'll be more capacity and therefore, more cost. If demand is weaker, there'll be less capacity and less cost. But I actually have a higher degree of confidence in our ability to forecast maybe even too strong a word, but have an expectation of cash burn, than I do the other variable. And if I had to make a bet today, I'd bet on somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range for the fourth quarter.
Savi Syth: That makes sense and super-helpful. Just on the CapEx side, and maybe for Gerry. Just 2021, 2022, based on what you're kind of thinking today, how does that level look like from a kind of gross standpoint? And I'm guessing from a cash CapEx, it's very small then.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, in any given year, cash CapEx, when you take into account aircraft financing is always going to be pretty small relative to the total number since most of our CapEx has historically been for new aircraft, and those are always financed. 2022 is just too far out to speculate right now. I can tell you, though, that for the next few years, CapEx is going to be lower than what historically has been because we have other priorities as we come out of this crisis, principally restoring our balance sheet before we make significant investments. For next year, because we still have aircraft where the metal was effectively being cut when this crisis has started, we will take delivery of. It's still going to be a couple of billion dollars. $2 billion-ish is our target right now. And we'll have more clarity on that over the next few months.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Joe Caiado.
Joe Caiado: Hey thanks very much. Good morning. First, a quick question for Gerry, just a clarification, actually. Do you still have the ability to borrow more against MileagePlus, or has that exhausted the source of collateral? And can you talk about the relative attractiveness of doing more of that versus taking the federal loan that you're approved?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, we were able to, as you may remember, in that transaction, upsize the transaction from what we originally went to the market with, which basically used up the availability of the first-lien capacity. The way that deal is structured though, because it is amortizing starting in year 3, as it amortizes, we're able to re-borrow against that collateral. So it becomes a facility if we want that we can continue to borrow against in the future.
Joe Caiado: Got it. Okay, thanks for that color. Second question is just a quick one for Andrew. Cargo revenue clearly a bright spot, good job pivoting to go capture that in the second quarter, can you just talk about the outlook for that in the third quarter and what's sort of a sustainable run rate? Do you sort of have to pivot back away from cargo as you add back more passenger service, just your thoughts there? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Well, first, what I would say is that, we did have an advantage in that, cargo tends to go to and from our hubs. So we have a well-established network with our people and our distributors and that just was really humming. I would say  and the other thing I'll point out is that, our cargo revenue in the second quarter and the first month was actually kind of flattish. So you can just imagine what May and June looked like. They were just really off the charts. Cargo revenue does come in rather close to departure time. So it's a little bit more difficult to predict, but we expect it to have another great quarter. And really, as long as the global fleet of wide-bodies is not flying like it normally is industry-wide, we think cargo is going to be pretty strong in terms of the yield production which it is and our ability do cargo only charters. But again, a big thanks to our team. And again, really, this is one of the advantages of our hub system because cargo wants to go from our gateways to around the world. And so we can easily take advantage of it. And we did so expect more of that in the third quarter. Whether it's at the levels of 2Q, I think it's a little bit early to tell, but it definitely will outperform year-over-year based on what we're seeing here in July already.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien. Please go ahead. 
Catherine O'Brien: Hey good morning everyone. Thanks again for your time. One quick clarification for Gerry first, on the down 45% recent cost, is that all in adjusted operating costs or something else?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. That's all in ex-specials. Yes.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay. Great. And so it sounds like it's maybe too early to nail down 4Q costs, given the uncertainty around demand capacity outlook. But how should we think about costs sequentially from that down 45% level you're expecting in 3Q? If we just assume capacity stays level with August as you're currently expecting, I'm assuming the changes to your labor force will be, you be forced to make to potentially drive those costs lower in 4Q versus 3Q, or are there other cost buckets that you cut spending temporarily that maybe come back and offset that labor impact?
Gerry Laderman: Cathy actually, I'm not focused so much on those cost numbers as I am on cash burn. So I think in terms of cash burn, more than anything else. But to try to answer your question I would say that, with your assumptions I would say that, costs are going to be about the same as what we're seeing now. So basically, that decline is flat going to the fourth quarter. Two things I would mention, by the way about the fourth quarter on cash burn. We do have in addition to our normal debt amortization, $300 million maturity in the quarter. So principal payments in the fourth quarter will be higher than, for instance, in the third quarter. And, of course, there would be some one-time costs as we rightsize the labor force that we'll also have in the fourth quarter.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just two quick ones here. Gerry, the $15.2 billion liquidity as of July 20th, does that include the last PSP installment? I think that's like $500 million or so. Is that in that number?
Gerry Laderman: No. No. That typically would come at the end of the month.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just -- great. And then just my second question and this is probably to Andrew. When you look at some of the IATA data, they talked about tickets purchased within the three days, I think for the month of May, it was over 40% a year ago. It was probably closer to like 15% to 18%. Are you guys seeing numbers that are similar, at least maybe in May or June? And are those numbers starting to normalize, or are they still very high close in, and I'm sure that's obviously having some impact on your ability to plan. Maybe you can just provide some color on that? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah, Mike, I would say forecasting is a little bit more challenging these days than normal. We definitely saw very high close-in demand in May, in particular, in early June, which quite frankly, it was nice to see, got the load factors and revenue moving in the right direction. I will say that tapered off a bit as the quarantine hit in New York City and then Chicago and elsewhere and borders got even more restricted. So I don't know where it is on the realm of normalcy, but it was very high in May and early June. It's lower now that these events have happened. And once things start to get back on the road to recovery, I do expect that the booking curve will have moved closer in. And all of that's to say, it's really is difficult to predict revenue at this point and get the capacity equation optimized like we'd like to. But I think we're going to get better and better at it as we go forward, but that's where we are. So that is -- what we're seeing what IATA told you, and I think that's consistent, although in recent weeks, that's changed.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Matthew Wisniewski. Please go ahead.
Matthew Wisniewski: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to come back to the fleet real quickly. I appreciate the flexibility on making a decision, but is there a point in time you would need to make a decision, or essentially, how long can you push off deferring, kind of, making a decision on delaying or retiring an aircraft type?
Scott Kirby: Maybe I'll start, and Gerry can add on. But it's difficult to predict the virus path. We've put a lot of aircraft into some type of storage, whether it be temporary long-term storage or short-term storage. And we are moving aircraft in and out of storage based on maintenance cycles and engine time, and all kinds of things. So when we went into this, we didn't have a plan to necessarily retire any fleet type, and we're going to hesitate to make final decisions on that until we better understand the length and duration of the situation, to be honest. So there are token number of very, very old 757s that had practically the engines on them. Those aircraft have definitely been permanently retired because they were part of our retirement plan. But we are definitely trying to keep our powder dry on the rest of the fleet until we have better visibility of what's going on. But more importantly, we're using that fleet really effectively with green time for both airframe and engine to make sure that we do what's right for cash burn and long-term requirements of the fleet. So I hesitate to make a decision today to retire a fleet when we just don't need to. So that's my perspective on where we are today. And Gerry, do you want to add anything to that?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. Let me just add a couple of things. One, even the Pratt-powered 757s, which if you look at what our original expectation was on their retirement, it is probably likely that they're not going to come back. But even those aircraft would be available if there was a rapid recovery. Just our expectations are those are the first to go. And just in terms of the amount of time, we have plenty of time, measured in years. The aircraft are being cared for properly stored and can be pulled out for the desert when and if we need them.
Matthew Wisniewski: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's helpful. Just other quick questions. Well, it's probably a little early to be talking about international traffic too much, but maybe you could quickly touch on kind of the conversations you're having with some of your international peers, if there's a concerted effort to be disciplined on capacity eventually, or what that could look like when demand does return?
Scott Kirby: Well, we're definitely not having that particular conversation because it would be illegal. But what we have been talking to people about is ways to get people flying again and to increase demand. And in fact, yesterday, United Airlines was proud to sign along with Lufthansa, IAG and American Airlines, a letter that went to governments on both sides of the Atlantic, asking that they consider allowing people to begin traveling back and forth between Europe and the U.S., if they get a negative COVID test as a way to start reopening borders and way to safely start reengaging in travel. So our focus, as we've talked internationally, has been about how to get consumers flying again.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Hi. Thanks for the time today. So this question is for Scott. Scott, I wanted to follow-up on your previous comments about the revenue recovery of about 50% and then a plateau ahead of any virus vaccine. What sort of time frame do you think that would be, does that anticipate going into middle or late next year for that level?
Scott Kirby: Look, I'm not an expert on when a vaccine is going to be available and widely distributed. But I've been reading a lot about it. It seems pretty clear, it's going to also require multiple vaccines. And when we talk about a vaccine, it needs to be a vaccine that's been tested, found to be effective, manufactured, distributed and given to a wide percentage of the population. So I think that's probably longer than what is in some of the media. I certainly hope its sooner, but we'll let you go to other experts to find what it is. At United though, we're at least planning as a scenario that it takes until late next year before that really happens, and we hope it's better than that.
Justin Bachman: All right. Thank you.
Operator: From Reuters, we have Tracy Rucinski. Please go ahead.
Tracy Rucinski: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask about that letter that you referenced that you and other airlines sent yesterday to the EU and the White House on a program to test passengers for COVID. Have you received any feedback from the respective governments on that? And how do you see international travel restrictions evolving in the coming months?
Scott Kirby: Brett, do you want to say anything about anything that we know on what we've seen so far, or heard, if we have?
Brett Hart: Yes. This is Brett Hart. Yes. To date, we don't have any formal responses, but we do expect to have productive discussions, and we're hoping to, in fact, to be able to move forward on this policy. We think it's in everyone's best interest, obviously, various countries, including the United States. So we're hopeful. We have strong support across our industry, both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And this is something that we think, at the end of the day, will benefit all of our collective countries and our industry. So we're hopeful.
Operator: And from The Associated Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: Yes. Hi, Scott and company. Your press release today on the expanded face mask policy highlights the upgauging you've done to reduce the number of passengers per flight. And I just wondered if you're regretting not having started out at blocking some seats like some of your competitors, because it seems like their policy would be easier to explain to customers. Any regrets on that?
Scott Kirby: So, look, we, as we said, have been taking significant actions to increase consumer confidence. And we ran, I think, a 35% load factor in the second quarter. We're projecting a 45% load factor in July. And importantly -- but that's about confidence. We have incredible confidence in the safety of the airplane, but thats about consumer confidence. Importantly, it's at end. We are also notifying customers when we have a 70% load factor or higher and giving them the option to switch to another flight, if they don't feel comfortable. And, to date, fewer than 1% of our customers are taking us up on that. Earlier in the call, I talked about why an airplane is safe, and we have high confidence in the safety of an aircraft. It is not the same as be in another indoor space. It's not the same as being in a restaurant. It's not the same as being in an office building, or even a hospital, because the air comes in from the ceiling, it goes past the customer down to the floorboard, back into the ventilation system and then is either filtered through HEPA-grade air filters or 50% of the air re-circulated into the cabin is from the outside. And that is a uniquely safe environment that exists nowhere other than on an aircraft. And you combine that with our mask policies and our cleaning protocols and it really is one of the safest places you can be if you're going to leave your house and we have high, high confidence in that. And other steps that we take -- because we have high confidence in the safety, the other steps that we're taking are about consumers -- getting consumers confident. And so that's why our policy has been with -- what it has been. We kept load factors low intentionally to help build confidence, to help explain the story that aircrafts are safe.
Operator: And from New York Times, we have Niraj Chokshi. Please go ahead. Niraj, your line is open.
Niraj Chokshi: Sorry about that. Thanks for taking this. I just wanted to ask about the mask policy. I guess I was curious to hear what -- how uptake on that has been. Can you guys say how many people have been barred from future flights, how that's going?
Scott Kirby: So the vast majority of our employees and customers already follow the mask policy because they recognize it's the right thing to do for the safety of everyone. And so we have very high compliance. Since the mask policy has been in place, we've carried in the millions of customers, and we've had fewer than 30 that we have had to actually take action against. So, the vast majority of people are compliant, agree, appreciate. It is a distinctly small minority that are few -- that don't want to wear a mask. And look, we'll welcome them back when this is all over and masks not required, but they're not going to be flying on United during the pandemic if they won't wear a mask.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll now turn we'll now turn it back to Kristina Munoz for closing remarks.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2020. My name's Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions].  This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line.  I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Michael Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors.  Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, which is available on our website.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook, our Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thanks, Mike, and my thanks to all of you for joining us today. While somewhat unorthodox, I think this events of our days have forced us to do this, but appreciate you joining us.  As the outbreak in response to the COVID-19 crisis that has clearly impacted, not only every company, but every sector of our economy and certainly, nearly every aspect of our daily life. And while in that regard, United is no exception, I do believe -- firmly believe that our teams response has proven exceptional. That's true of our management team who put United in the vanguard of responding to this crisis, taking early and aggressive action to mitigate the financial impact to our business, to protect the health of our customers and employees and to help accelerate a consensus amongst policymakers in D.C. or what you saw labeled as the CARES Act. I also believe the actions of our employees, the grace under extraordinary pressure, has been nothing less than exceptional. They have taken care of our customers and kept us flying and importantly, flying safe. They've also been out in front, working to use the incredible capabilities of our airline to support the communities we serve in the fight against COVID-19. Though our service is somewhat curtailed, our commitment to being of service is in full view. Some examples, we've operated more than 130 repatriation flights, bringing in more than 18,500 Americans home who were stranded abroad. We've also flown over more than 800 cargo-only flights worldwide, bringing more than 28 million pounds of a variety of cargo goods, such as food, healthcare-related items and supplies to destinations worldwide. You can see why we're also proud to be part of this United family.  Unfortunately, during this time, we are all facing uncertainty. Still, there are 2 things of which we are certain. First, it is certain that demand will return. Unfortunately, we just don't know when. No one does. But there's no question that at some point in time, people will be ready to travel again.  Second, and I'm somewhat biased here, there is no group of people in the world that I would rather be in the trenches with and to tackle the most disruptive crisis in the history of the aviation business than the men and women of United Airlines. Not just the members of the management team who you all know, who have been literally working around the clock to mobilize United's early, aggressive and, in many cases, industry-leading response, but also our frontline employees, who have been out daily, taking care of our customers and taking care of each other.  Now Scott and Gerry will go into great detail about the many actions we have taken, from raising liquidity, to slashing our capital expenditures and operating costs, to working to ensure our teams and customers have effective cleaning and safety procedures in place every day. The team is addressing every issue and looking at the long term, building scenario plans for whatever difficult decisions may be ahead. But before we take you through those points, let me close on a personal note. As you know, as many of you know on this call, this will be the final time I speak with all of you as CEO of United. I want to thank all of you in the investor community, not only the analysts and voices that are often here on these calls, but our shareholders and all our stakeholders, everyone we serve who counts on us. The United team has built an incredible foundation together in the nearly past 5 years. And I never -- or we never could have expected where we would all be tested as we're being tested now by this crisis.  But with every action our employees take to share and shoulder in the furnace, they provide more proof that the fundamentals of what we built together remain strong. And ultimately, I believe that's our greatest asset, and that's what I'm so proud to leave to my incredibly capable successor, Scott Kirby, who will be taking over the reins here at the end of the month.  And so to go into further detail on these actions we're taking, I want to hand it over to our future CEO, Scott Kirby.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thank you to the amazing people of United Airlines for the incredible job they're doing despite the unprecedented challenges we're facing. We're proud to be serving the nation right now as an essential service. Many of the people we're carrying are traveling for critical reasons. Over the last several weeks, as a country, we've come to better appreciate how much we rely on farmworkers, grocery store workers, delivery drivers and, of course, healthcare workers. I'm proud the country now also better understands just how important our customer service agent, technician, store clerk, router, load planners, ramp workers, flight attendants, caterers, dispatchers and pilots are to our economy and our customers.  While in May, we're flying 90% fewer flights than we expected, and flying at very low load factors. Without the commitment and professionalism of our people in these extraordinary circumstances, we couldn't fly the people who need to travel now. For example, we've flown, free of charge, hundreds of medical professionals who have volunteered to travel to communities struggling to treat an influx of COVID-19 patients. In other cases, it's simply a customer urgently trying to get home to see a critically ill loved one. In a normal environment, we're proud to say that we are about uniting people and connecting the world. In a world of social distancing that may seem less relevant. But it's actually even more important because most of the people who are traveling now need to travel. Before I begin, I also want to say a huge thank you to Oscar. He came to United in a difficult time and brought together the employees to show what being united together really means. Under his leadership, we saw strong operational performance, a renewed focus on the customer and a return to growth of the airline and financial success, all brought to us by the people of United Airlines. He did an amazing job turning that around and preparing us to address the current coronavirus as a team. Personally, Oscar has been a friend and a true mentor to me during our time together. I've always been able to count on Oscar for effective and constructive feedback. I'm certain that I'll be a much better CEO for having had the honor of working for Oscar these last 4 years and look forward to continuing that relationship as he moves on to be our Executive Chairman. Sheltering from home and doing conference calls from multiple locations is not the kind of send off we had planned for Oscar. I know that I speak for the entire United family when I say that we'll look forward to a time when we can all get together in person and give Oscar the in-person thank yous and celebration that he so richly deserves. Turning back to our response to the crisis. Safety and cleanliness have always been important, but now they're even more critical as we seek to minimize the potential spread of the virus. United is an industry leader in this regard. But I'd also say safety has been the top priority at all U.S. airlines for decades. The safety protocol, the systems we've built to use data to find even the smallest risk and then work to engineer it out of the system, will serve us well as we collectively find ways to ensure that the travel experience is safe.  None of us have all the answers yet, but there's no industry in the world that has the kind of track record on safety that airlines have. It's literally in our DNA. I'm proud of the leadership role that we're taking at United, but the one consistent thing all airline executives I've ever known agree on, is that we don't compete on safety. We share best practices and learning. And while we compete aggressively for customers, we work together to make this the safest industry in the world.  Thus far, however, at United, in airports, we've modified our boarding process to have customers scan their own tickets prior to boarding to help with social distancing. We're boarding fewer customers at a time and boarding from back to front. We're providing masks to customers, if they don't already have them and plan to require all customers to wear masks soon.  We're testing touch kiosks for printing checked bag tags, which will eliminate the need to touch the screen by scanning your boarding pass. We're installing plexiglass panels at our gate and ticket counters for the personal safety of our people as they assist customers. We're utilizing temperature checks for airport employees and flight attendants prior to beginning work at multiple airports, and we're expanding this to other locations. We've enhanced our cleaning protocols and have reallocated manpower to increase cleaning function. We're promoting a 6-foot distancing rule, with a combination of signage and floor tape marking and rearranging employee break rooms to promote social distancing.  On board the aircraft, we've enhanced aircraft cleaning protocols that we are now using on all terms. We're utilizing electrostatic spraying to disinfect aircraft interiors. We're currently spraying all inbound international flights and all aircraft at least once per day. We expect to be spraying every single flight by mid-June. We've implemented streamlined meals and beverage service to minimize personal contact and removes common use material from the seat back. We've brought middle seats to promote social distancing on board and adjusted flight attendant jump seat locations so our crew members feel safe and have more space in between each other.  So we've added onboard announcements to encourage customers to be their part to safe guard themselves and the health of others. We're the first major U.S. airline to require all flight attendants to wear masks on board, and we added flight deck cleaning kits for our pilots, which include gloves and PURELL wipes. Turning to our financial situation. I'll once again emphasize that hope is not a strategy. Nobody knows when this will end and life will begin to return to normal. Since the very beginning of the crisis, we've reacted proactively and aggressively. You can count on that continuing. We plan to continue to react nimbly as the situation evolves and won't hesitate to make hard decisions, like our decision to raise equity when those decisions are prudent. Since late February, the decline in demand for air travel has proven to be worse than anything anyone was publicly projecting. While we were more bearish than anyone, in hindsight, even our expectations weren't nearly as bearish enough as to both the depth and duration of this crisis. Accepting this new reality early, however, allowed us to get at least a little bit ahead of the tsunami and prepared us to survive what we believe to be the most challenging period in the history of aviation. Over the weekend of February 22, we began to read the news that the virus had spread to Italy. At that point, we hadn't really seen any impact on European or domestic demand but we concluded that the virus was likely to spread worldwide, and over that weekend in the following days, we became the first U.S. airline to respond to the coronavirus by planning for a 20% capacity cut, drastically reducing CapEx for 2020, beginning work to reduce OpEx in line with our capacity reductions, suspended the share repurchase program and beginning a large and accelerated capital raise. All of that gave us a head start as the demand environment rapidly deteriorated well beyond even our direst scenario. Net new bookings are now down essentially 100%. So yes, that does mean that it's bottomed, but we aren't seeing any signs of meaningful recovery and near-term demand yet.  But as we look longer term, we see some evidence of pent-up demand. For example, searches for 2021 spring break travel on our website are actually higher this year than they were at this time last year. But we don't expect many of those to turn into real bookings or travel until the virus is sufficiently contained and the rhythms of daily life become routine again.  For the first few months of this crisis and even with demand at approximately 0, we've been able to avoid involuntary furloughs and pay cuts for our people. The CARES Act helps with that, but only temporarily and only partially. The grant portion of the CARES Act only covered $3.5 billion of our $6.5 billion in eligible expenses, which consists of salaries and benefits of United employees.  We've been able to rely on voluntary programs and a reduction in hours, thus far, to further reduce near-term payroll expenses. We've also done everything in our power to reduce the impact on United employees. Such as eliminating contracted work at the airport and using our own people for previously outsourced task. But even with the CARES Act, our people are already sacrificing, with over 20,000 people on voluntary leave programs and tens of thousands having large reductions in the number of hours and therefore, take-home pay that they are working.  And in the days and months ahead, unfortunately, more of our employees will start to feel the direct financial impact of this crisis. And that's not something that anyone on our management team takes lightly. Our schedule is down 90%. And we plan for it to stay at that level until we begin to see demand recover.  We made a promise to our people and to American taxpayers to avoid involuntary furloughs or cuts to pay rates for U.S. employees until the end of September, and that's a promise we'll keep. But if demand remains significantly diminished on October 1, we simply won't be able to endure this crisis as a company without implementing some of the more difficult and painful actions. These include decisions on involuntary furloughs, further reductions in hours, as well as other actions that will have an immediate impact on our people and their livelihood. We care deeply about the families who rely on the paycheck that United provides and these are decisions that we will not take lightly. But our overriding goal is focused on the long term. We have to ensure that United is here to rebound once the virus is contained and demand is recovered. We simply cannot and will not risk the long-term future of United and the jobs the airline supports just because the short-term decisions are really hard. Turning to the balance sheet. Thank you to Gerry and the finance team for the amazing job they've done raising liquidity as we've raised over $4 billion, including aircraft financing in March and April. Additionally, I'd like to thank the administration, the House and the Senate on both sides of the aisle for the support they quickly made available to airlines and to the economy in general. We believe that bipartisan CARES Act has been and will continue to be critical to the ability for the country to rebound when the virus is defeated.  As we entered the second quarter, we reduced our cash burn to about $50 million per day. We currently expect to have the cash burn down to about $40 million to $45 million on average per day in the second quarter, even with essentially 0 net passenger revenue. We've taken an axe to all nonemployee expenses. Gerry will describe some of these actions in more detail. But we've been able to reduce our cash burn by implementing huge reductions in all expense categories, except employee wages. The following is not a forecast because it would be a naive to believe we or anyone for that matter, can accurately predict the course of this crisis or the recovery.  When we say plan for the worst and hope for the best, however, we really mean it. And we're therefore planning for the environment to possibly continue at essentially 0 net passenger revenue for the rest of the year and into 2021. We are projecting that and certainly hope it's better than that. But we are planning for the possibility. We're starting May with approximately $9.6 million in available liquidity.  During 2Q, we expect to receive most of the remaining $2.5 billion of the first phase of the CARES Act grant and loan. Not counting any additional liquidity raises, this would mean we expect to exit Q2 with about the same level of liquidity that we have today.  For 3Q, we forecast that, even if we continue with essentially 0 passenger revenue and assuming no additional financings, we can get our cash burn rate below $40 million per day, and would therefore expect to end 3Q with approximately $6 billion in liquidity. And at a minimum and a continuing 0 net revenue environment, which we hope won't be the case, we expect to have the option to avail ourselves of a $4.5 billion CARES Act loan, which we project would take our liquidity to over $10 billion heading into the fall. Beyond that, we still have unencumbered assets with the loyalty program being the largest, which could be used for additional financing if the 0 demand environment lasts even longer. All the numbers I've just shared with you are based on a scenario where there's no recovery and passenger demand remains essentially 0. I'll just emphasize that we aren't forecasting 0 demand, but we are preparing for that as a possibility. If the demand environment is better than that, of course, we plan to adjust it accordingly.  In closing, this has been the most challenging time of my professional career, not just because of the unprecedented financial cost of this crisis, which is the subject of today's call, COVID-19 has, of course, also taken a profound human toll.  Every day, I correspond with United employees, many of whom I've never met, who reached out to me and tell me that they're passionate about serving our customers, but they're scared about their health and the financial hardships their families are already facing. I want to once again, thank those employees for their bravery in an environment that continues to change every day.  All of this does bring to mind the Winston Churchill quote, "When you're going through hell, keep going." We are going through hell right now, but we know this virus will ultimately be defeated, and we will get to the other side. We can't control or know when or how fast that may happen, but the people of United are doing everything within their power to control what we can, to take care of each other and our customers and to get through hell as quickly as possible. As a management team, we have 2 clear objectives that guide every decision we make, from scheduled changes to the new cleaning procedures for our aircraft, and even painful decisions like conducting furloughs. But we believe these objectives reflect the best collective interest of all stakeholders, including our employees, our customers, the communities we serve, and yes, our shareholders.  In the near term, we're working to position United to bounce back quickly when demand starts to return. And we're focused on strengthening United over the long-term to withstand the crisis so that the airline and the high-quality jobs it supports are here when demand is fully returned.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Gerry.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you on the line today. For the first quarter of 2020, we reported a net loss of $1.7 billion, a net loss of $639 million on an adjusted basis. For those of you keeping track, this was the first quarterly loss of United since the first quarter of 2014. What began as a strong quarter, quickly deteriorated as the spread of COVID-19 disrupted travel as well as the lives of everyone around the world. As a result, my comments today will not be typical for an earnings call. There will come a day when metrics like EPS and margin growth or year-over-year unit revenue and cost comparisons will matter. Such metrics simply aren't relevant today.  While many of us have worked through significant financial shocks and downturns in our industry, and for some of us multiple times, this is truly unprecedented. We saw revenues precipitously decline, starting in Asia in February and then declining across the rest of the world. By April, revenue was down 95% as compared to our expectations at the start of the year. Therefore, in the near term, and until the recovery really kicks in, maintaining sufficient liquidity and minimizing cash burn are the financial measures that matter most. We believe our ability to weather this storm will be measured by how nimbly and aggressively we cut costs and preserve cash. Addressing liquidity, we ended the first quarter with approximately $7.2 billion in liquidity. And as we start the month of May, we have about $9.6 billion in liquidity, including $2 billion available under our revolver. Our focus on liquidity started early. As Scott mentioned, as soon as it became apparent that we would be facing a worldwide spread of the virus, we took quick action to cut flying across the network. We also began the effort to look at every part of our business and started to take decisive action to minimize both our operating expenses and capital spend. We eliminated all discretionary spending, had over 20,000 employees take voluntary unpaid leaves and reductions in hours, and stopped all projects deemed noncritical to the business. In addition, we reduced our planned adjusted capital expenditures for the year by approximately $2.5 billion to a projected total below $4.5 billion. Some specific actions we have taken include stopping over 200 real estate projects that are underway. Today, you can count on one hand the number of such projects we are continuing in this environment. For example, we stopped work on United Club projects at O'Hare, Newark and Dulles, saving an estimated $60 million. We also reduced spending on more than 300 technology-enabled initiatives, driving over $300 million in projected savings. We simplified our onboard product offering, which drives an expected $30 million in savings.  In addition to volume-related vendor spend decreasing, we identified approximately $45 million of estimated airport vendor service efficiencies from the elimination of certain services, reducing hours and having United employees temporarily take on work usually performed by vendors. We also reduced promotional spend, which results in about $60 million of expected savings.  These are just a few of the examples of the thoughtful process we are going through to leave no stone unturned in our efforts to reduce expense and minimize cash burn. We expect these actions, together with lower fuel prices and reduced flying, to drive over $5.5 billion in lower operating expenses in the second quarter and an over 50% reduction in capital expenditures in the quarter versus our original plan.  Importantly, we expect our daily cash burn to average between $40 million and $45 million for the second quarter. This cash burn number excludes the benefit of the government payroll support program and capital raising activity that is not related to new aircraft financing.  At this level of cash burn, and assuming we receive another $2 billion that we expect to receive by the end of June under the payroll support program, we expect to end the second quarter at a similar level of liquidity that we have today.  Turning to our liquidity enhancement activities. We started that process in late February and closed our first transaction in early March. Since the beginning of March, we have secured over $4 billion of additional funding, including approximately $3 billion through 3 secured term loan facilities and new aircraft financings. Also $1.1 billion from our recent common stock offering, which includes $100 million from the exercise of the underwriters overallotment option that closed yesterday.  Additionally, we entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of BOC Aviation, a major aircraft leasing company, to provide lease financing for 22 aircraft scheduled to be delivered to us from Boeing this year, including 2 787-9 aircraft that were delivered in April.  With respect to our new aircraft commitments, if the 737 MAX is ungrounded later this year, we expect to take delivery of 16 MAX aircraft this year, all of which are subject to the committed lease financing I mentioned, as well as another 24 MAX aircraft next year. These 40 MAX aircraft are less than half of the number of MAX aircraft originally scheduled for delivery by the end of 2021. We also expect to take delivery of 8 more 787-9 aircraft for the remainder of this year as well as 8 787-10 aircraft next year. Production on all of these aircraft had basically started before the crisis, so it would have been financially impractical to reschedule. However, since we will not take delivery of any of these aircraft unless fully financed, these deliveries will not be a cash drain for us.  Looking beyond next year, we have no additional 787 aircraft on order. Assuming we take the 40 MAX aircraft I just described, we would have an additional 131 MAX aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2022 and beyond. We are discussing the timing of these deliveries with Boeing. However, one thing is certain, I do not anticipate taking any of those aircraft unless and until we need them.  Shifting gears, I want to thank the United States Treasury Department for the quick implementation of the payroll support program. We will receive about $5 billion under this program in the form of a $3.5 billion grant and a $1.5 billion low interest loan, which together will only partially cover the cost of our U.S. employees' salaries and benefits, but allow us to keep our commitment to avoid involuntary furloughs before September 30. As compensation to the government, a, the U.S. Treasury Department will be receiving warrants to purchase 4.6 million shares of United common stock at a purchase price of $31.50 per share.  In April, we did receive about $1.8 billion of the grant and $700 million of the loan. And in connection with the receipt of those funds, we did issue warrants to the U.S. Treasury to purchase up to approximately 2.3 million shares of United common stock.  As previously mentioned, United has submitted an application under the government loan program, which makes us eligible to receive a loan up to $4.5 billion. We expect this loan will be a 5-year senior secured term loan, with interest at LIBOR plus 300 basis points and prepayable at any time. If we draw down on the loan, we expect to issue warrants on the same terms as the warrants issued under the payroll support program. If the full $4.5 billion is borrowed, we would expect to issue warrants to purchase 14.2 million shares of United common stock. We expect to have until September 30 to decide whether to borrow under the loan program.  Looking ahead, while no one has a clear line of sight to when the recovery will occur at United, we have and plan to continue to make quick and hard decisions, preserve cash and, above all, take steps to make sure our employees and customers are safe.  I want to give a special thanks to my entire finance organization who have worked countless hours on the cash conservation and liquidity building initiatives, and a big thank you to the entire United family for their tireless efforts every day in this challenging environment.  Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I want to echo Scott's comments about Oscar and thank Oscar for what he has done for United and its people over the last 5 years. The leadership Oscar has brought to United has resulted in a change in the culture and fortunes of United that is truly remarkable.  On a personal note, I want to thank Oscar for the mentorship he provides me and the opportunity he gave me. Oscar proves to me that you can teach an old dog new tricks and for that, I am forever grateful.  Finally, I want to thank everyone for listening this morning. And with that, I will pass it back to Mike to start the Q&A.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. [Operator Instructions]. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And from JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker.
Jamie Baker: First question for Gerry. Early March, the unencumbered asset pool was around $20 billion. And that included loyalty, though, I'm not sure in what form. Can you give us an update on the size of the pool today and its composition?
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Jamie. And actually, I think what I said back in March was over $20 billion. So look at it this way, there are different ways to look at collateral and the way we look at it may not be apples-to-apples with the way others have looked at it. But having said that, and excluding mileage plus, which we all know is a valuable asset, we have at least $10 billion in other available collateral value that we can use to continue to raise secured debt. This includes at least $8 billion in aircraft, spare engines, parts, simulators and equipment, and around $2 billion in routes that I would describe as sort of routes to slot constrained airports. Does not include those slots and gates and racks for less restricted airports that could be, actually, another source of additional liquidity.
Jamie Baker: And a quick follow-up before my second question. On the government loan negotiations, and I recognize you haven't decided whether you'll draw the loan, if you're approved. But have you decided yet what you would pledge as collateral? Or is that also still under discussion?
Gerald Laderman: Jamie, I expect those discussions would begin shortly. And so I'm going to be limited in my comments about collateral because, clearly, there will be some portion of the collateral that I described and some of this value that we will put aside in case we want to take that loan. But I expect those discussions to start shortly.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Got it. And Scott, as it stands in terms of planning for the worst, some investors were disappointed when one of your competitors insisted that they're wed to their current hub structure. And look, I get it. It's a touchy subject. Nobody ever comes out and says, yes, we're going to close Memphis.  But you said you're not going to jeopardize the airline by avoiding tough decisions. So isn't it reasonable for me to ask if there's at least a potential that United's post-crisis network looks different than it is today?
Scott Kirby: Well, Jamie, I'll try to answer the question even more broadly. I think, for sure, when we emerge from this, that United Airlines is going -- and the airline industry, is going to look different. And whether you talk about what you do for safety, the actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus. One of the things that is going to be different, I'm confident at United is, we're going to really change how the airline works in terms of efficiency and we're going to engineer costs permanently out of the system. And Linda Jojo is leading, as we go through this, one of the things we are still doing and investing in is technology efforts so that when we emerge, we're more efficient.  We say to each other every day on our daily executive team call, that everything is on the table, about what we look like. We -- maybe differences in premium travel or maybe there won't be. But every single thing is on the table. And while we don't have any plans to close hubs, when you say everything is on the table, we mean everything. There are no sacred cows. Our responsibility to our employees, our customers and our shareholders is to make sure that United is here for the long-haul and provides as many good jobs as possible to our people. That is my #1 and overriding objective for everything that we do. And the decisions that we're going to make in the near-term about employee pay are much harder than decisions we would have to make about hub structures and route networks later in the future. And we will make the hard decisions that are required to make sure United survives, is successful and has the most good jobs possible for our people.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just with respect to the cash burn in the 2Q, the $40 million to $45 million, how low do you think you can take that into October and beyond? And what are the steps you're taking to get there?
Scott Kirby: So thanks, Duane. If we get to October, what I'm about to describe, I hope and pray, we won't have to do. But we already have a plan on the shelf for -- if we get to October, we know what we are going to do -- approximately, what we're going to do to get our cash burn at a worst case, down $20 million -- down to $20 million per day. So we will go from the -- something south of $40 million in the third quarter to something around $20 million in the fourth quarter. And that again, assumes a continuing 0 revenue environment.  I hope that we don't have to do that. I hope that everyone that's forecasting a recovery is right, and we don't have to do that. Because doing that will be extremely painful for our people and our employees. Most of the difference between where we are in the third quarter and where we would go to in the fourth quarter is employees because we have already -- all nonemployee expenses have already been cut beyond to the bone. And the difference between that third quarter number and that fourth quarter number is really about employees. And it will be agony to make those decisions, and it will be incredibly painful for our people. But we won't agonize over making the decisions because as I've said before, and I'll keep repeating, our responsibility is to make sure we have a strong future here at United. And the way I look at it is 3 years from now, 5 years from now, how do we have a secure future for United and have the most great jobs available for people? And if we have to make short-term sacrifices, and if we get to the fourth quarter and demand is 0, we will have to make short-term sacrifices.  We will do that, and we will get our cash burn down to $20 million per day, which obviously gives us an extremely long runway to make sure that we come out on the other side and emerge a great United Airlines, together.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And just for a follow-up, Gerry, you gave us some of the pieces, but can you tell us where 2021 capital spending stands today, relative to the less than $4.5 billion this year?
Gerald Laderman: That's an area we're still working on. But I can tell you that the exercise we've gone through this year to reduce capital spend continues into next year. So we are not going to be increasing capital spend to any degree from where we're going to get to as we hit our numbers for everything we've reduced this year.
Operator: From UBS, we have Myles Walton.
Myles Walton: Oscar or Scott, I was hoping you could get to your perspective on the customer safety perception and something like blocking the middle seat or spacing departures in the terminal for purposes of creating space and waiting lounges and the like. How impactful do you think that will be to your business' recovery in, say, the fourth quarter and into next year? I know, Scott, you're sharing a realistic scenario or a pessimistic potential scenario, but in a more baseline recovery scenario, are these safety measures you're putting in place, do you think they'll still be in place at the end of this year and beginning of next? And how impactful will that be to your recovery?
Oscar Munoz: Myles, this is Oscar. Let me take a first shot at, and Scott has some views on that as well. I think the safety procedures that we're all following, first and foremost, will be followed by the entire industry. We've proven that we can do that together and proven to be safe. How long they last, will be a determinant of the situation and the general sort of trust that people have in flying. But it goes well beyond all the things that we're going to be doing. I think Scott has an interesting -- a good perspective on how demand will come. So maybe, Scott, I'll give that over to you.
Scott Kirby: Sure, Oscar. Look, I think it's too early to know specifically what will happen. I think it's almost certain that our, not just airlines, but our society will be different. A month ago, we were afraid if we saw somebody walking down the streets here in the United States with a mask on. Now we're afraid if they're not. And I don't know how permanent all those changes will be. But things will be different, even once we recover and we start to return to normality.  While I don't yet know exactly what that means for airlines. What I am confident of is airlines are, I think, actually the leading industry in the world when it comes to safety. I alluded to this in my opening remarks, airlines will get this part right on safety. And we're already taking the lead and doing incredible things, not just at United. I'm proud of what we're doing at United. But I'm also encouraged to see what other airlines are doing. And so we will make sure it is safe to travel on aircraft.  The real issue for us about demand, however, is going to be that people feel safe and have some freedom to travel. Disney World needs to be open. Taking my kids to Disneyland is something I do every year and love it. But Disneyland needs to be opened. And cafes and museums in Paris need to be open before people are going to go back. And conventions need to be open and running. So it's not just about airlines. I'm confident that airlines will get our portion of the safety correct, and we'll do that effectively. But we're going to need a broader confidence across the whole range of society before demand can return to normal.
Myles Walton: And just one clarification for Gerry, do you have the retirements that you're planning in order to rationalize the fleet this year, next?
Gerald Laderman: No. As you know, we have a lot of parked aircraft. Those are, in our view, right now, temporarily parked. And until we see what's needed to run the operation, we're not going to make any firm decisions on those.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay.
Hunter Keay: A couple of questions for Scott. I know the focus here is on the near term, obviously, but what's the primary driver of the plan to dig out of this debt pile after things stabilize? Is it 0 CapEx? Is it a cost play? I just basically want to hear your pitch for what you would say to long-term investors who care about the balance sheet?
Scott Kirby: Yes. That's a good question, Hunter. And first, I'd start with -- while we keep acknowledging that we don't know when the crisis will end and then we can begin the recovery. What we do know is we can minimize the depth of the hole. We can keep from digging the debt hole. We can keep it as shallow as possible. And that is about minimizing cash burn.  So right now, we are focused on minimizing the cash burn. If you just look at our numbers with where we are today, we're clearly leading the industry. You look at where we think we can be, even in a 0 demand environment, again, we hope there's not a 0 demand environment. But even in a 0 demand environment, in the fourth quarter and into 2021, I think we'll be leading the industry at minimizing the depth of that hole.  Once the recovery starts, however, we'll also -- we are going to be cautious about putting capacity back and beginning the recovery because there is certainly the possibility that there will be false starts, there's a second wave. We're not going to jump in with both feet once we see the first green shoots. We're going to be cautious. And we're going to work really hard to get back to cash flow breakeven, to get our cash burn down to 0 as the first step and continue to be cautious.  Our priorities, I think, will be -- we're clearly going to want to have more liquidity available, more cash than we had coming into the crisis. Next, will be to pay down our high cost -- it'll be to pay down our debt and those will be ahead of any -- both come #1 or #2, before we start reinvesting in capital and then shareholder returns are kind of going to be at the back of that. We don't know when that'll happen. But the biggest thing we can do right now is minimize how deep the hole is, and that gives us the best chance to dig out the most quickly, once the recovery ultimately begins. And look, one thing we can all be confident about is there will be a recovery. This is something -- the virus will be defeated. There will be recovery. We just don't know when. And so we're taking the actions we can to minimize cash burn today, which will set us up better for a recovery when it begins.
Hunter Keay: Great. And then I realize that this issue -- the credit card holdback issue doesn't matter with bookings down 100%, but what kind of conversations are you having with your processors now about when bookings start-up again, but with people booking travel way out in the future with a sort of a potentially shaky recovery. I'm curious about how you're mitigating that holdback risk and how the conversations you're having with the processors going about how you're going to handle that?
Gerald Laderman: Hunter, it's Gerry. So as we've disclosed for years, the holdbacks are based on our liquidity tests. And actually, if you look back on any of our disclosures for years, with our liquidity in the $5 billion to $6 billion range where it had been, even at that level, we've said that's significantly above the threshold before holdbacks kick in. And so as liquidity levels even above that, we're even further away from those thresholds where we have an issue.
Operator: From Vertical Research Partners, we have Darryl Genovesi.
Darryl Genovesi: Could you guys provide some color on working capital. It looks like the air traffic liability grew about $500 million in the quarter, which was an upside surprise. And so I guess I was wondering, a, if you could provide kind of a cadence of how things went intra-quarter by month or any way that you think makes sense? And then also where you're trending relative to your 0 net bookings assumption for Q2?
Gerald Laderman: Sure. It's Gerry. Keep in mind, ATL, for us, typically, builds through the first 5 months of the year. So January, February, March, you would have expected it to continue to build. In fact, in January and February, we saw that build. Rough numbers, January was a little over $600 million. February, around $500 million. But then March, which should have continued that flip and was negative by about $650 million.  So we ended March, while we were up because it didn't offset all of February -- January and February, where we should have been in a normal year in March was, I don't know, $1.5 billion higher than where we ended up. So when you look at it that way, you can understand why there was a small increase, a lot smaller than we thought. And April, we don't have a precise number for April yet, but it's significantly smaller than March. And the way to look at second quarter, based on kind of our assumption on kind of 0 net bookings, a couple of hundred million a month sort of burn off in ATL would be the way to look at second quarter.
Darryl Genovesi: Great. And then also, thanks for the color on the delivery expectations. Can you help us understand the quarterly CapEx or delivery gains for the rest of the year as it relates to what you gave us by aircraft? And then what you're kind of assuming for aircraft financing inflows in that $40 million to $45 million number?
Gerald Laderman: So let me start with your last question first. So that $40 million to $45 million includes some inflows from the aircraft financing. Can't give you too much detail because then you could back into some numbers we don't like to share, like what we pay for aircraft. But keep in mind, with the sale-leaseback transaction we have, and you net out deposits and credits and whatnot, that does provide cash for us. All we have in the second and third quarter, well, probably all we have with the 787s. It's anybody's guess when the MAXs start. All those MAXs this year, if they do start, are also lease finance. So on sale-leaseback, they are a little bit cash positive as well. So as I said in my comments, the delivery of the aircraft is not a cash drain for us. And then in terms of CapEx, generally, we have probably about $600 million of non-aircraft CapEx for the rest of the year, split pretty evenly through the year. At least that's, I think, what you should use for your model. And that's where we are.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi.
Joseph DeNardi: Scott, I appreciate the tone of your prepared remarks. A couple of questions for Gerry. How are you approaching valuing the mileage plus asset? Is it EBITDA, free cash flow? Just how are you doing that? What do you think the programs were, ballpark? And how do you think the government is viewing it in terms of asset quality as collateral?
Gerald Laderman: Joe, we're just going to rely on you for that. You're one of the experts on tackling mileage programs, aren't you? Look, there's tremendous value there. A number of different ways to value it. To the extent that serves as a source of liquidity for the government loan or any other transaction, you will take a look at it different ways. And there are different ways also to extract value on the asset as well. And the best way to look at that, you have loans against the business, you have prepaid miles and you have other ways. There is probably an aggregate cap for all that. And to the extent we choose to do it in more than one way, think of it as several buckets. And the more we have in one bucket, the less we have in another bucket. But together, we think there's significant liquidity we can extract from the program.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just a question for Luc, if he's on the call. I don't know if maybe, Gerry, does a smaller fleet, a smaller United Airlines necessarily correspond with a smaller co-brand portfolio and lower spend on the other side of this? I'm just trying to understand, maybe, how Chase is looking at that dynamic, you guys getting smaller relative to kind of their willingness to stand behind you and what they might be willing from a presale standpoint.
Andrew Nocella: It's Andrew talking. Having done this for a long, long time and growing airlines and shrinking airlines, I have found that, historically, that whether it be a 1- or 2- or 3-year reduction in size, which I've seen before, did not have a material impact on the size of the co-brand in my experience. So I expect that going forward, too.  Obviously, there's a new set of conditions out there in the world, but I'm pretty optimistic, based on my previous experience, that it will not have an impact in the short to medium term.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth.
Savanthi Syth: Just one question and one follow-up for me. On the question side, could you talk a little bit about -- once we kind of get beyond the survival mode and demand recovers, are there kind of strategic opportunities that you would have liked to pursue previously, but kind of given elevated demand or congestion in airports and things like that, that you couldn't implement, that you might be looking to implement?
Scott Kirby: Savi, look, I think there probably will be opportunities. I mean, certainly, there's going to be opportunity on restructuring the business. I alluded to some of the work that Linda and her team are already helping lead us through on what the business looks like.  As to your question, it's certain that there are going to be possibilities, depending on how long this lasts and how long -- what the recovery looks like and what others do. At the moment, we are a little more focused on the near term -- a lot more focused on the near term. We'll look forward to the day where we can actually spend brainpower thinking about those opportunities. But we're a lot more focused on the near-term at the moment, to be honest with you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. We'll now turn it back to our speakers for closing.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2019. My name is Brandon, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mike Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike, and its a pleasure to join you all this morning. 2019 was a banner year for us at United, highlighted by a four-quarter streak of growing profit margins. This winning streak allowed us to reach our 2020 adjusted EPS target of $11 to  $11 to $13 per share, one full-year ahead of schedule. This incredible performance would not have been possible without the dedication of the finest collection of airline professionals in the world. So I want to thank the 96,000 members of the United family, who work so hard to serve our customers. Im also pleased that they were sharing our success with a profit-sharing payment thats on average 45% higher than last year. With all that weve had to overcome in 2019, theres no group of airline employees in the world that is more deserving. Youll hear more details about our financial performance from Scott and Gerry, but I also want to include, Ill quickly touch on our fourth quarter results. Our adjusted earnings per share of $2.67 was 11% higher than the fourth quarter of last year. This reflects 50 basis points of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion in this last fourth quarter, which as I mentioned, is the fourth consecutive quarter that our pre-tax margin has grown, and the fifth consecutive quarter on an adjusted basis. As youll hear today, were all quite proud of what we accomplished last year, but Im most excited about what it means for our ability to plan and deliver for our customers, employees and over the long-term. And that also includes the announcement that we made at the end of 2019 about the leadership of this company, with keeping this bright future in mind. Thinking back to where United was when I took over as CEO in September of 2015 and where we are today, this companys success is a testament to the power of long-term commitment to our proved not promise philosophy. By every metric and benchmark by which the health and strength of our company is measured and judged, the United of today finds itself in a much stronger position than the United four years ago. I made it a personal priority to guarantee our future by assembling a deep bench of talent in order to give our customers, employee base and investors confidence in our direction and leadership. Today, Im 100% confident that we have the absolute best leadership team any airline hands down, taking advantage of that talent and cumulative experience by initiating a deliberate, well-planned and transparent transition is what healthy companies do and thats exactly what were doing between now and the end of May, when Ill assume my new role as Executive Chairman. It was important for us to preserving this continuity and my partnership with Scott means well continue to work on capitalizing the bright future that lays head, not just in 2020, but through the new decade. Thats why were eagerly anticipating the chance to get together for Investor Day in March to share more about that long-term strategy. So with that, Scott, over to you.
Scott Kirby: Thanks. Id like to start by thanking you, Oscar, for all that youve done for United and for me personally in the last five years. United is a totally different airline today than it was when Oscar became the CEO. Oscar made it his mission to change the culture of United by bringing the people of United together as a team. He put the customer at the center of our decision-making and created an innovative, fast-paced environment, where we seek to make the airline better every day and in every way. For me personally, Oscar has been a mentor and a friend. From day one, Oscar was direct, reminding me that there was more to our business than numbers. Many corporate executives talk about the importance of employees and customers. Oscar doesnt just talk about it, he lives it 24/7. I will be a much better CEO and person, because Oscar reinforced the importance of focusing not only the numbers, but also our employees and customers. Leading by example, as Oscar has, is the only way to truly change a culture and make a difference. Im fortunate to have the opportunity to step into Oscars big shoes as part of a planned and thoughtful transition. And even after as Executive Chairman, Oscar wont be far away, as we continue on the path toward building the best airline in the world. That great path is delivering results, and I couldnt be prouder of what the team accomplished in 2019. We once again achieved our guidance metrics and reached our 2020 adjusted EPS goal a year early. Weve done that by creating a culture of teamwork across the entire company and focus  by focusing on doing the right thing for our customers. Youll hear more today from Greg Hart, our Chief Operating Officer, whos pinch-hitting for Toby, who is ill today; and then Andrew Nocella, our Chief Customer  our Chief Commercial Officer, on some of the things were doing to improve the customer experience. 2019 demonstrates the resilience and potential of United Airlines. We faced a number of significant headwinds last year, started out with a longer-than-expected government shutdown; the grounding of the MAX; and geopolitical issues in places like China, Iran and Pakistan, among others. Rather than use those  the headwinds as excuses, however, the United team simply buckled down and persevered. It wasnt easy and we werent perfect, but we didnt use the bad stuff as an excuse. Thats one reason I view 2019 is a really good proof point of where were headed in 2020. To be able to grow full-year adjusted EPS by 32%, the adjusted pre-tax margins by 170 basis points, despite all those headwinds is pretty remarkable. We know 2020 will come with its own unique set of challenges. In fact, a couple have cropped up in just the last 48 hours. We wont make excuses for those either. We also cant sit here and tell you that we know exactly how long the MAX will be grounded or what the economic impact of the Asian coronavirus would be. The safety impact of the coronavirus is, of course, our foremost concern. Weve been coordinating closely with the CDC to ensure that were taking all the necessary steps to ensure that our customers and employees can travel safely. At this point, public health agencies are not recommending any travel restrictions, but well follow their advice closely, because they and we have some experience with situations like this. By working closely together, we have, in the past, effectively managed situations like this one to keep our people safe. And in doing so, weve seen demand bounce back. Managing through uncertainty is something that every airline in the world has to do. And here at United, our formula isnt complicated, put safety first and focus on delivery for our customers. Our team executed that strategy beautifully last year, and its important part of why were so confident about what lies ahead in 2020 and beyond. In closing, Im truly honored to be given the chance to lead this great team. All of us at United are committed to making this the best airline in the world. Youll hear more on the call today and in our Investor Day in March about some of whats ahead in the long-term. But were all excited and committed to getting better every day for our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, Ill turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Hart: Thanks, Scott. At United, our focus is to ensure our customers have a great experience with United across their entire travel journey. Consistency is key, as we deliver caring service to every customer on every flight every day. With that in mind, Id like to thank our over 160 million customers from around the world, whether youre taking an important business trip or a well-deserved personal vacation. We know you have multiple airlines to choose from, and we truly appreciate your business. Improving our customer experience works hand in hand with our growth strategy, strengthening customer loyalty and increasing our feel within travelers. Were investing in the areas that customers tell us matter most, and were seeing positive returns on our customer satisfaction scores. More importantly, customers are increasingly willing to recommend United to their family and friends and that is good for the bottom line. In 2019, we saw Uniteds largest ever year-over-year improvement in Net Promoter Scores. Where did this progress come from? As weve shared with you over the past year, weve made several foundational investments. Perhaps more important than any investments in our hard products, we continued our commitment to Core4 and caring customer service through various employee engagement investments, such as our Backstage 2019 event series, where he brought all of our 25,000 flight attendants to Chicago. We elevated the flying experience for all travelers by expanding our economy set snack selection and offering free DIRECTV. We launched ConnectionSaver, a new system that identifies flights to hold for customers making tight connections. We began operating the CRJ-550, offering first-class and Economy Plus sitting  seating, as well as plenty of carry-on storage space, all on a 50-seat aircraft. Customer feedback has been fantastic. And since its launch, the 550 is delivering our highest customer satisfaction scores on our short-haul routes. We introduced new benefits for our MileagePlus members with no expiration dates on our miles and offering free or discounted CLEAR memberships to provide an easier, more predictable, secure experience at all of our hubs. Looking forward, we are even more excited about our portfolio of planned customer-focused investments this year as announced at our meeting day. Well begin to upgrade our aircraft interiors, featuring new overhead bins that offer 1:1 bag to customer storage ratio. Were updating our single-class 50-seat regional aircraft with new seats and adding personal device entertainment. Were enhancing our food offering, which includes preorder capabilities. Well also be upgrading airport facilities at our hubs and some of our large line stations. Finally, well continue our commitment to improving customer service. Starting this week, well bring all of our airport and contact center customer service representatives to Backstage 2020, an immersive two-day experience focused on caring for our customers. The investments we have planned in 2020 are broad, improving the customer experience across many touch points. Well try a number of new ideas focused on key markets, quickly entering what is impactful to our customers and then plan to roll out the best ideas more broadly. With that, Ill pass it off to Andrew to talk more about our commercial initiatives.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Greg. 2020 will be a year where many of our commercial and customer initiatives mature and gain critical consistency. In fact, the year is already off to a nice start. Ticketed revenue per business is strong for the first two full weeks of this year, an encouraging indicator for the rest of the year. Before going into a few details about early expectations for 2020, lets review our performance in the last quarter. For the fourth quarter, PRASM grew at 0.8%. Performance at the end of the year was really strong globally and met our PRASM plan with one exception, part today, in which Ill speak about in a moment. In fact, the Sunday after Thanksgiving was one for the record books, where system PRASM increased 15% year-over-year, our best day for  our best day ever. PRASM performance in our domestic network was up 0.6% on a 2.6% increase in capacity in the quarter. This PRASM increase was realized despite the 737 MAX grounding, which limited our Mid-Continent connectivity plans. International performance was even better than domestic in the quarter with a 1.5% increase in PRASM on a 3.8% increase in capacity. Were really pleased with the international momentum were seeing relative to industry results over the last few months. Latin America was our best performing international region in the fourth quarter. Latin PRASM increased 6.3% on a 4.4% increase in capacity. Performance across the Pacific sequentially improved in the quarter relative to the third that was still negative. PRASM has decreased 1.2% on a 0.7% decrease in capacity. Almost all the weakness occurred in Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai. All of these  all three of these were 2.6 point drag on Pacific performance and a 0.3 point drag on system performance. Atlantic PRASM was down 0.2% in the quarter on a 7.6% increase in capacity. Due to weakness in the manufacturing sector, Germany point-of-sale demand continued to be soft, particularly for premium business. All of that was partially offset by strong U.S. point-of-sale demand. Looking ahead for the first quarter 2020, we expect our consolidated passenger unit revenue to be flat to up 2%. Demand in Hong Kong remains difficult to predict. However, I will say that book PRASM for Hong Kong is not expected to be a drag on PRASM results in the first quarter. Weve also started to see demand trends for Germany stabilize in recent weeks with strong unit demand from industrials, which has been sluggish for most of 2019. On each conference call, I like to point out a few initiatives we have rolling out and their impacts on the business and our customers. While were improving the experience of flying United for all of our customers, many of our commercial initiatives are focused on capturing high premium demand in our hub markets in 2020 and beyond. The Business Travel News survey, BTN, is a key assessment of how airlines are perceived by corporate buyers and global travel agencies, the primary source of premium business for United. United finished in second place in late 2019 in this important survey, and proven more than ever before in a single year, really distinguishing ourselves from many of our competitors. This survey is a great example of listening and responding effectively to corporate buyers needs. Congratulations to both our sales team and our frontline staff weve empowered to make this happen. Premium Plus, our new mid-tier wide-body jet product is ideally suited for our hub markets and created a 0.6 point tailwind for system PRASM in Q4, a slight acceleration versus Q3 and a trend that we expect to continue for most of 2020. Were also now selling Premium Plus seats on select flights between New York and LA and San Francisco and are seeing great results. Our analysis suggests that Premium Plus is having minimal impact on demand for Polaris business class seats. For the first-half of 2020, we expect to grow business class capacity across the Atlantic by almost 20%. We had, in the past, undersized business class cabins in key business markets like London Heathrow and Switzerland, while offering too many economy cabin seats. Were now rightsizing the size of our premium cabins. More business class capacity is yet another initiative proven to help us achieve our full network potential. 2020 will be a big year as we expect to finish most of our planned Polaris seating installations and Polaris clubs. Our Washington Dulles Polaris club is scheduled to open this spring. And by the end of the year, 90% of our wide-body jets are anticipated to have the new Polaris seats, including all of our 777s and 767-300s. In fact, this past weekend, we loaded our schedule. For May and beyond for all 55 of our 777-200 ERs have new Polaris and new Premium Plus seats selling as of May 8 of this year. We also launched our new cabin upgrade system called PlusPoints in late 2019. The goal is simple to automate upgrades. We create  we also created a skip-the-waitlist feature for Polaris upgrades thats available from time to time in different geographies. Currently, its available in South America. We look forward to resuming our Mid-Continent growth plan designed to maximize connectivity once the max is flying again. Even without the MAX, were making progress in smaller communities with the addition of the CRJ-550. We also recently modified our Denver bank structure and itll be, in fact, this February, and were already seeing positive response in our bookings for that change. I also wanted to take a moment and talk about growth of our ancillary revenues. For the year, we grew ancillary revenues by over 12% on a 3.5% more capacity. As we look deeper into 2020, we expect this momentum to continue as we focus on better ways to distribute Economy Plus. Getting this product on more shelves is one of our highest priorities and a better display on united.com, which is already in beta testing is a first step. And then another important milestone is that the record performance of united.com and other direct channels, which now account for 50% of tickets for United in 2019. I also wanted to note that Wi-Fi usage has grown by 45% in 2019, as we fixed many of the bandwidth problems. While the technology and bandwidth doesnt yet exist, were getting ready for the day when domestic Wi-Fi will be free for our customers. Thanks to the entire United team for a great 2019. With that, Ill turn it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. And for those of you in Dublin for Aviation Week, good afternoon. Yesterday afternoon, we issued our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings release and our first quarter and full-year 2020 Investor Update. You can refer to those documents for additional detail. For the highlights, Slide 14 is a summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 15 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings per share of $12.05 for the full-year, up 32% versus 2018. For the year, adjusted pre-tax income was $4.1 billion and adjusted pre-tax margin was 9.4%, up 1.7 points year-over-year. Our fourth quarter adjusted pre-tax margin was up 8.2%, was up 0.5%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion. As Oscar and Scott mentioned earlier, our resilience throughout the year helped us to offset challenges across the system and drive margin improvement. Slide 16 shows our total unit cost growth for the fourth quarter and full-year 2019 and our forecast for the first quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 17. Non-fuel unit costs in the fourth quarter increased 2.7% on a year-over-year basis. This came in better than our original expectations around 3.5%, as our team work relentlessly to offset various cost pressures. This brought our full-year 2019 CASM ex to up 1%. As Ive said before, the grounding of the MAX impacted CASM ex by at least 1%. So excluding this impact, unit cost in 2019 would have been flat or better year-over-year. Looking ahead, we expect first quarter 2020 CASM ex to be up 1% to 2% year-over-year. As you can see on Slide 18, during the quarter, we took delivery of a four new and to used mainline aircraft, as well as nine new regional aircrafts. We also announced in order to purchase 50 new Airbus A321 XLR aircraft, which we plan to take delivery of beginning in 2024. The XLR will not only allow us to finish retiring our last remaining Boeing 757-200s by replacing them with aircraft that are approximately 30% more fuel efficient. But in addition, the XLRs range capabilities will also open potential new destinations to further develop our route network and provide customers with more options to travel the globe. Also in the fourth quarter, we repurchased $216 million worth of shares of our common stock at an average price of $88.95 per share, bringing our share repurchases for the full-year to $1.6 billion. As of year-end 2019, we had $3.1 billion left in authorization and will continue to be opportunistic in our sharing purchase strategy. Our adjusted capital expenditures for 2019 ended at $5 billion. This came in quietly above our guidance of $4.9 billion, as our Airbus order that we announced in December, drove some incremental pre-delivery payments. We currently anticipate spending approximately $7 billion in adjusted CapEx for 2020. We continue to expect this to be a peak CapEx year, driven largely by the acquisition of 17 wide-body aircraft this year. In addition, as Greg and Andrew mentioned before, were making a lot of high-return customer-centric investments that we will expect will not only improve customer experience, but will help us be a more profitable airline. As we think about both CapEx and our share repurchase program, we are very cognizant of their impact on our fortress balance sheet that we have established and plan to maintain. The discipline we have shown as we continue to maintain strong liquidity, a large and growing pool of unencumbered assets and a very manageable schedule of debt repayments has been rewarded with tremendous access to attractive debt financing throughout our capital structure. In addition, our success in managing the balance sheet and reducing financial risk continues to be recognized. Just last week, Moodys joined S&P in upgrading our credit ratings to positive outlook. Lastly, Slide 19 has a summary of our current guidance for the first quarter and full-year 2020. As you can see, we will no longer be providing capacity guidance for the quarter or full-year or CASM ex guidance for the full-year. Our focus is our long-term earnings targets. And as we move forward, we will plan for capacity at levels that allow us to achieve those targets. We currently expect full-year 2020 adjusted earnings per share to be between $11 and $13. While some may view this guidance to be little conservative, we are only three weeks into the new year and are still facing uncertainty in both the timing of the reintroduction of a MAX and speed at which our associated capacity will ramp up. As always, we plan to update this target throughout the year, as we continue to execute on all of our initiatives and we absolutely aspire to end the year in a higher range, regardless of known and unknown headwinds that we as an industry routinely face. The most recent examples of Boeings announcement yesterday on the MAX and the uncertainty around the coronavirus in Asia. We will gain more clarity on these items in the weeks to come. And at our Investor Day in March, we will provide an update to our outlook. In addition at our Investor Day, we plan to once again provide multi-year EPS guidance. With that, Mike, well now begin the Q&A.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. First, well take questions from analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. And the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And first off from Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, everyone, and congrats on what was a  in hindsight, challenging year in 2019. So I guess, incrementally on the CapEx, because this is a pretty big year at $7 billion. And I think if we go back to your slides in 2018, it looks like maybe $5 billion to $6 billion was more of the expected range. So can you talk to some of the opportunities that you see there that youre willing to put capital behind this year? And maybe even go a little bit deeper on the non-aircraft side as well?
Gerald Laderman: So, as I said, the spike in CapEx was really attributable to those wide-body aircraft. 17 aircraft is  its just a peak year for that. And really, when youre looking at our fleet plan, you kind of have to look at it over several year time horizon to  to take sort of more of the run rate number. So its really nothing more than that for this year. I would also point out that in that number, we are assuming the delivery of some MAX aircraft. And so we end up with no MAX aircraft, I would expect that number to come down a little bit. On the non-aircraft side, I would say from what Im seeing right now, the number is a little bit higher this year than last year. But that is all attributable to really finishing the various reconfiguration projects that we have to get the Polaris modifications done and some of the other customer-centric modifications finished.
Brandon Oglenski: I appreciate that Gerry. And I guess a quick follow-up, Scott. As you take over here, what do you think is the right metric for investors to focus on? Is it something like free cash flow? Or should we be thinking that United still in this transformation mode theres a lot of opportunities out there so focus more on earnings revenue. What should we focus on?
Scott Kirby: Well, all of the metrics are highly correlated with earnings. And so I think the principal metric is probably earnings. Higher earnings drive higher free cash flow, higher earnings drive higher margins, higher earnings drive higher return on invested capital. And so I think were kind of dancing on the head of a pin when we try to distinguish between those, because theyre all so highly correlated. And because theyre all highly correlated, I think, well focus more as we are in our guidance on earnings.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, good morning, everybody. Hey, Scott, sort of a philosophical question on pricing, not  certainly not a tactical one, now youve been very clear over the years about the need to match the lowest fares in your market to win the long game. Im just wondering if thats becoming outdated. I know you never get anchored in your opinion, but Im wondering if theres a point where we feel good enough about the quality of your service that youre providing to where sort of blanket price matching becomes not only unnecessary, but actually harmful to the brand, even in the long run?
Scott Kirby: So we are increasingly focused on improving the brand at United Airlines and the perception amongst customers. Were making significant investments in that. Weve talked about Backstage and Greg talked about a number of those investments. And its increasingly clear that there is a large segment of customers who choose based on the quality of the product and the quality of the customer experience. There are also customers out there who still choose their product based on price. And really what I would say is, what weve done is try to create a segmentation, where we can offer both sets of customers, what they are looking for. And our basic economy product tends to be more focused on price as the rest of our products can be less focused on being price competitive.
Hunter Keay: Okay, thanks. And then what percentage of your credit card holders or premier status holders, either one has zip codes outside of your hub city catchment areas? Where was it before this recent growth spurt and where do you want it to be?
Andrew Nocella: Hunter, its Andrew. Id say, I dont have the number off the top of my head. I think its in the neighborhood of 50% from my memory.
Hunter Keay: Excuse me, 50%?
Andrew Nocella: 50%, 5-0.
Hunter Keay: 5-0, okay.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. And I think wed like to continue to diversify outside of our hubs. Were doing  but well have Kristina contact you to give you a few more details.
Hunter Keay: All right, guys. Thank you.
Operator: From Vertical Research, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time. Gerry, I realized that you dont want to provide an explicit 2020 CASM ex guide. But can you please help us understand some of whats changed since your October call when you guided 2020 CASM ex flat? For instance, what percentage of your 2020 capacity did the MAX represent back then? And then relative to that, whats the CASM ex hit associated with not having it for any period of time, however, you want to define it?
Gerald Laderman: Sure. Let me put it this way. We have not changed our commitment over the next several years that our goal remains flat CASM ex. And as I said in 2019, but to the MAX, we would have been at least flat and actually 2020, the same is generally true. And let me give you a little bit of color on the MAX. Looking at it today, we currently anticipate the MAX creates about 1 to 2 points of CASM ex pressure. So even if the MAX remains out for the full-year, taking the worst case, we expect that to be less than 2 points of CASM ex pressure. But let me remind you that none of this deviates from our commitment to deliver on our EPS target.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a quick follow-up on the non-op. Whats driving the year-over-year decline in the first quarter? I assume pension is probably down a little bit, if  but if theres anything else, and then also, do you see that carrying through the year?
Gerald Laderman: So thats generally, actually, some changes we made in some of our post-employment benefits, some of our post-retirement medical plans, where were able to save some money without changing the benefits at all. Thats really the principal driver there.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning, everybody. First one probably for Gerry. As it relates to the $11 to $13 guide for this year, Im hoping you could talk a bit more about how that might have evolved? There was a time when it was suggested that it could move higher. Clearly, conditions evolved in a way that prevented that from happening, and I dont think this came as a surprise. Im not being critical of this fact. Im just curious as to how your model for 2020 evolved over, say, the last four to five months. What the various puts and takes were whether $12 to $14 was ever pondered.
Gerald Laderman: So, Jamie, let me tell you. From my perspective, it could have been $10 to $14. Yes, just looking at the first two weeks of January, and I look at the spot price for jet fuel every day and the impact it has on the forward curve for the rest of the year. And if you look at it, so you would have seen a lot of volatility. So, given that, given some of the other unknowns out there and some of the knowns that we just dont know yet how theyre going to impact us, as I mentioned earlier, and my general nature of being a little conservative thats where we came out. And as I mentioned, we absolutely aspire to raise the range over the course of the year, but well have to see what happens over the course of the next few months.
Jamie Baker: Okay, thats helpful. I appreciate it. And second, just related to the MAX, I believe you have one SIM in Denver. Could you tell us what the SIM order book looks like, something Ive never asked before? And more importantly, as Boeing inevitably has to shift around the skyline, what would your interest be in rescheduling deliveries, given the presumed desperation of other global operators, and whether theres an opportunity to monetize simulator access?
Gregory Hart: Hey, Jamie, this is Greg.
Jamie Baker: Hi, Greg.
Gregory Hart: How are you? Hey, weve got currently one fix training device, MAX fix training device up and running. Well have a full motion SIM up and running in the next, I want to say, six to eight weeks, and over the coming months, well take delivery of two more SIMs. So we actually feel really comfortable in terms of where we are relative to simulator capability. Obviously, we assumed a quicker delivery stream from Boeing than what weve seen and were more than amply prepared for whatever might come in terms of delivery stream.
Jamie Baker: Opportunity to monetize that access for that capacity?
Gregory Hart: Yes, Jamie, its something weve done here at United in the past. We actually havent thought about it too much. Weve been focused on our plans, internal plans to make sure sure that we could meet whatever delivery stream we have on the aircraft. Its obviously something that well think about. But I would expect to have too much third-party activity in our SIM Boeings.
Jamie Baker: Excellent. I appreciate it. And on a personal note, welcome back from Guam.
Gregory Hart: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Gerry, just had kind of a follow-up on the unit cost, and I know youre not giving a full-year outlook. But the 1Q guide of 1% to 2% was better than what we were thinking better than the back-half of 2019 and up 2.5%. Just trying to get a sense for is this 1% to 2%, or could quarterly run rate, while the MAX is out? Or was there some timing we could  we should consider here? I guess, basically, any color you can provide about the cost cadence throughout the year would be helpful. Thanks.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. As you identified, theres always timing when youre looking at quarterly CASM numbers. Last year, you may remember, there were some maintenance events weighted more heavily towards the back-end of the year. So the first-half of the year, CASM ex was better than the back-half. We always take that into account when we look at the full- year and look at our commitment to deliver. But for the MAX, flat or better CASM ex.
Andrew Didora: Is that the way we should think about kind of the out years once the MAX is back is sort of flat to down CASM? Is that what the plan is right now without stealing any thunder for  from March?
Gerald Laderman: Its been our commitment. Weve been public for several years on that. Thats our commitment. Keep in mind, one of the tailwinds were going to have, which has now been delayed a little bit is on gauge. If you look at our  what would have been our MAX delivery schedule, you would have seen the MAX 10 coming in and those aircraft, in addition to growth replacing smaller gauge aircraft. So thats still a terrific head  tailwind that we have over the next few years.
Andrew Didora: All right. Thanks, Gerry. I appreciate it.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine OBrien. Please go ahead.
Catherine OBrien: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time. So a question just, I think this year, your performance is commendable despite the headwinds of the MAX, and I really appreciate your note ceases mentality. But can you help us think about the negative impact to the MAX thus far? Just trying to get a handle on what the core business could have produced without that headwind? Should we think about any impact above and beyond that CASM ex headwind you alluded to earlier?
Gerald Laderman: Well, keep in mind, the  have we had the MAX, we would have benefited both on the CASM side and on the revenue side as well. But we as the other carriers who did not have the MAX, lost income as a result.
Catherine OBrien: Right. So I guess its maybe like any color on like maybe like a margin detrimental or EPS youre willing to share?
Gerald Laderman: Look, Id say, weve been careful to not use any of the events that have happened as excuses. We delivered on getting a year early to our $11 to $13 EPS goal, and were not going to start now using them as excuses. So well keep our conversations private with Boeing on what we think the impact was and just leave it at that.
Catherine OBrien: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe just ask one quick follow-up. So youve always had a really strong international network and, of course, youve been focused on strengthening part to your domestic over the last couple of years. But United still has the highest percentage of passenger revenue booked on its international network. Do you think thats the right mix, or do you think were going to see that change, as it continue to strengthen your domestic network? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Its Andrew speaking. Its a really good question. And obviously, these things cycle over time. Theres definitely a long period of time where international margins are greater than domestic. Clearly, over the last few years domestic margins have been greater. And weve been pivoting here at United to fix our Mid-Continental gaps that we talk about regularly and we still think that is a priority. Unfortunately, the MAX delay has delayed our ability to properly fix the connectivity in our Mid-Continental hubs. And so were going to be focused on that as we go forward for the next few years. But underlying all of that is really, I think, the best global network of any airline, two from the United States and were really proud of that and we think it has a lot of opportunities. We do think these things cycle and well be ready when the international environment is even better, and we did see strong momentum late last year, where that environment is better and international profit margins, in fact, are higher. And I think thats going to come some day in the future. But right now focused on domestic, but we have a lot of strength and we have a lot of optionality in our international network.
Catherine OBrien: Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, thanks. On co-brand expansion potential, certainly not going to ask you about timing. But at points in time, United talked about kind of a gap to where market rates were and those were kind of agreements you were close to. Some of that commentary was before Deltas expansion with AmEx. And so my question is, in your opinion, did Delta reset the bar for the market or just catch up to where the market already was?
Gerald Laderman: Obviously, Deltas advertise their new deal with AmEx a lot and we see it. Were in close contact with our partner, Chase, and we continue to work with them on making sure that our program card is the biggest and best it can be. Its been growing a lot over the last few years. In fact, were about to launch a new business card, which were really proud of. So theres a lot more to come in this space, I think is what I would tell you today, exactly where the market is, where we are and where others are. I think its really a little bit difficult to tell sometimes based on what is reported and whats not reported. But we will continue to make sure that the United co-brand is the best it can be.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. And then just for a follow-up, the premium seating expansion clearly came across in the presentation youre talking about making it easier to upsell premium Economy. I wonder if you could quantify how many points of RASM that potentially represents when youre ramped? Thanks for taking the questions.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. I  well, actually, I think, talk about that more at Investor Day coming up. But we have definitely tilted our capacity as we enter 2020. We expect premium products to be a bigger proportion of our revenue pie for the year and we expect that to have a really meaningful impact on RASM. But well save all those details for a few weeks from now.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you
Operator: From UBS, we have Myles Walton. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Andrew, you talked about the ancillary growth about 12% and I think you tied it to the greater point-of-sale at united.com and direct channels, reaching 50%. Im curious, can you give some maybe meat around the argument of what the conversion rate looks like for the ancillary, when theyre on the direct channels? And also how high you think that direct channel can get you over the next couple of years?
Gerald Laderman: Its a big  its a hard number to move. So, getting from 50 to 60 is not something thats going to happen overnight. But we would like to see united.com and our direct channels move towards the mid-50s over the next few years. Its a big goal. Well see if we can get there. That being said, theres no doubt were motivated to move in that direction, because the conversion rates on united.com for ancillary revenues are simply dramatically higher. We wont give the exact numbers, but they are higher. So we are continuing to work to make that number higher in united.com by changing how we display and show things and the products we offer. And were also working with our partners that are third-party distributors to see how we can make those numbers get better as well. So I think theres a lot more upside, but I talked about earlier was the fact that Economy Plus was being put on the shelf on united.com. In the past, I didnt think we properly displayed that. And with this new beta tests we have going on and properly displaying United  the Economy Plus seat, we think that could have a meaningful impact on Economy Plus seat sales going forward. We have to get our products on the shelf for them to sell properly.
Myles Walton: And just one clarification, I think in response to the previous question, you talked about the Dash 10 being pushed out further and that was part of the upgauging our seat growth per departure. I I think you had given a previous metric about 3% growth in seat per departure. Is that still valid for 2020?
Gerald Laderman: I want to get that number. Simply not valid in Q1.
Myles Walton: Yes.
Gerald Laderman: That is a negative number on gauge in Q1, which were disappointed by, but somebody can get you the annual number. I think its not  its no longer valid, unfortunately.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thank you very much, operator. Hi, team, and thank you very much for taking my question. Scott, when you look at the  or actually anybody can answer this who knows the answer. When you look at what you had talked about a couple of years ago about replacing smaller aircraft with larger aircraft in key markets. Can you just update us on where that stands now? Like, is that program completely done? And so all the capacity growth that youre doing in 2020 is going to be in new markets and in connecting the dots?
Oscar Munoz: Well, Ill let Andrew add to that. Ill let Andrew add to it, but its nowhere close to done and it was a big setback. The MAX has been a big setback. There are a number of markets that would have been upgauged last year that would be being upgauged this year. We began upgauge the following year that are behind because of the MAX play.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I think thats absolutely correct. Yes, were just  were not where we hoped wed be at this point. We have a lot more gauge to come going forward, as Gerry also hinted at, but the  maybe the other way to look at it is our scheduled depth. Were just not where we need to be on competitive schedule depth and were trying to correct that and were also trying to engage in the right direction. And the MAX delay is kind of boarded our progress on that front, at least for 2019, and looks like for a big chunk of 2020 at this point.
Helane Becker: Okay, thank you. I appreciate the time.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Andrew, if I might just ask a little bit of a follow-up on the kind of regional entity trends that you were talking about. Could you give a little bit more color on generally, what youre seeing today on this  on that front? I know you mentioned Hong Kong will stop being a pressure and Germany is maybe kind of bottoming or rebounding. So is it fair to assume that those entities, we should see a sequential improvement, just any additional color would be helpful?
Andrew Nocella: All right. I think, for the quarter, at a macro level, the entities I expect to come in and basically the same rank order. So I expect that the Latin American division will be our best, I think domestic second, and then Europe third, and Asia last again. In terms of a little bit more color, were just watching the situation in China, Beijing and Shanghai and also Hong Kong very carefully. We do think that Hong Kong, based on current trends is no longer a drag on PRASM, which was nice to see. I do expect that Beijing and Shanghai will still be a slight drag on PRASM. But what I can tell you is that demand over the last eight weeks to Beijing and Shanghai has actually increased. So from a revenue perspective, for the last 12 months, our ticketed revenues to Beijing and Shanghai have been down 4%. But over the last eight weeks, theyve been up 3%. So I do think weve turned the corner there absent any other significant situations that arise in China, particularly Beijing and Shanghai. So good progress there. Were watching Australia very carefully. The wildfires have really had some impact on demand. So well keep a close eye on that. But all the rest of Asia, Japan looks very good and Taiwan as well. South America, I think is kind of leading the charge, as well as Mexico and Central America. So that all looks, I think very good. And in Europe, weve been deploying our new 767 high-J to London Heathrow. I think thats having a nice tailwind on the system that has offset some of the Germany weakness. But in the case of Germany, we did see demand from our key corporate clients and travel agency sales go positive over the last few weeks, which is really nice to see after pretty much 12 months of negative numbers. So were optimistic that Germany is on the mend and moving in the right direction, at least at this point, which has lots to do with industrial. So overall across the globe, there are definitely a few spots, but we generally see encouraging trends.
Operator: And from Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Gerry, can you just provide a little bit more color around the step down and CapEx youre expecting in 2021? If you look at the last 10-Q from October, it shows about a $2.5 billion decline in aircraft purchase commitments year-over-year, but that was I guess before the Airbus order you referenced. So can you just maybe update us on what that looks like now in 2021 verses 2020? Thank you.
Gerald Laderman: Its a little early to be able to give you a good number largely, because until Boeing tells us what the MAX delivery schedule is going to look like. Its just tough. Next year would have been a year of significant MAX deliveries. We dont know whats going to happen yet on those. Its a little premature. We also dont know how many of the MAXs that we assumed for this year might get pushed. I mean, all we know today is that there were 16 aircraft built. Theyre sitting up in Boeing facilities. Wed like to get those when aircraft start delivering. But particularly with Boeing having shutdown the line, they need to tell us and to other customers, how theyre going to allocate slots to everybody, and that will drive a lot of the 2021 CapEx number. So its just too soon to tell.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. So Gerry, is the step down a function of  is it hundreds of millions or is it billions?
Gerald Laderman: Again, its just too soon to tell on that.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay.
Gerald Laderman: I dont expect it to be billions plural, but its really too soon to tell.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Maybe just a question for Scott or Andrew try and stump Scott. What percent of the tickets sold in 2019 were on fares, which were in the market in order to match a competitors fares versus what percent of tickets sold were thats what Jim and I said was the right fare? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Im not sure I understand the question, but
Joseph DeNardi: Try to understand, Scott, how much of your revenue is subject to kind of the worst competitor in the market? How often do you have to just match theirs versus how often can you go with what you think is the best fare at that point?
Scott Kirby: Well, typically, all of our fares are matching something. Therell be multiple fares in the market. I guess your question is, how often are we selling the lowest fare in the market is really the right way to ask the question. And I dont know the percentage at the time, I would guess. Its a single-digit percent of our seats were sold at the lowest fare available in the market.
Gerald Laderman: Yes. I would  I agree with that. I mean, Jim and I gives us the guidance in terms of what the demand forecast is to open up or close down. And so  and that said, by market, by day, by everything. So, Im not sure how else is that.
Scott Kirby: But I think what youre really getting at is like the lowest fare in the market is probably selling  were quite selling single-digit percent of our seat at the absolute lowest fare in the market.
Operator: And from Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, guys, thanks for your time. Andrew, just to start out on the premium product or the Premium Plus roll out, the tailwind you guys cited kind of grew from 50 to 60 bps from 3 to 4Q. Just trying to get a sense for what the tailwind should be in 2020 as you ladder in, I think, a broader roll out of that product. Should that benefit sort of increase as we get through the year assuming stable conditions, not looking really for guidance, just trying to make sure I understand how that roll out is going to affect the base business?
Andrew Nocella: Yes. what I would say is theres  the roll out will continue and were gaining critical mass, and therefore, Im optimistic well see that number inch up even a little bit more as we head into Q1 and Q2 and maybe in Q3, particularly when all the 777s have the product. Then we start to lap as we really get into the later parts of Q3 and Q4. And theres a little bit different than that. I think our expertise and how we manage product will be a big driver in it, whether it can expand or not beyond that number. And so, I hesitate to say that, as we enter fourth quarter of 2020, that we can keep it at that same pace. But were optimistic that theres still a lot out there as we learn how to better manage it from day-to-day and flight-to-flight.
David Vernon: And that should expand even a little bit more to 2021. So I think you said, were going to get to 8% of ASMs by 2021, right?
Scott Kirby: Yes. The maturity of the product really, by early 2021 we have it on all the airplanes were going to have it on. In fact, I think at this point, we plan to have it on every one of our intercontinental wide bodies with the exception of 14 767-300s, but every other aircraft is going to have it and its going to be very, very consistent. So were excited to get out there, and we think  we do think it provides a continued tailwind whether its a half a point or so or 60 points- the 60 basis points. That seems aggressive as you get that far out. But it is a continuing tailwind, along with the other actions that were taken on this front, where theres more first-class seats on our 319, the high-J 767s that were flying to London Heathrow and Switzerland. So theres a lot of initiatives on this front that continue to roll out that we expect provide a tailwind thats unique to United for the next year or two, at least.
Operator: And from Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead. Dan McKenzie, your line is open.
Daniel McKenzie: Oh, yep. Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Andrew, given the news this weekend, Im wondering if you can help us think about the revenue shock absorbers. So first, does the preliminary revenue outlook embed some volatility in the demand data? And then setting aside the news from this weekend, Im wondering what corporate clients are telling you about their international travel needs in a post trade deal world. Is the thought that there could be some acceleration in international demand to come that we just cant see today?
Andrew Nocella: I think thats the case. We actually  and just in the last few weeks have seen Beijing and Shanghai demand increased relative to where we were for most of last year. So I dont have an official readout from corporate clients on that part. But I will say, as we look at corporate demand for last year, I think it was really healthy. But when you look at it, divided by the different divisions around the globe, what you find is our Asia Pacific corporate demand was, in fact, negative, where the rest of the world was positive. So it just provides an easier comp. So Im optimistic that absent the issue that we had this last few days that were going to see stronger results, particularly in the Asia Pacific region as relates to that. In regards to  the  really, I think forecast and as we look at each quarter and we assess where we think things will turn out, we clearly have a tendency to put a little bit of, like to say, wiggle room, in the numbers for unknown things that will happen, because its been pretty predictable that therell be something unknown that will happen in any part of the globe. And so we do believe room for that. And I think that you can see that over our track record of the last two years plus on the RASM, guys, whether we left exactly enough room, only time will tell. But we do feel comfortable with current trends and the room weve left in. But well have to wait and see how things unfold over the next week or so to really be able to firmly answer at least how that relates to whats happening in China today at this point.
Daniel McKenzie: Thats perfect. Thanks so much for the time you guys.
Operator: And from Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Oh. Hey, thanks, everyone. Hey, two quick ones here. Gerry, Gerry, on just the $7 billion of CapEx, whats the rough split aircraft versus non-aircraft?
Gerald Laderman: It is roughly, call it, $5 billion aircraft, roughly $2 billion non-aircraft.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just a question to Andrew. Andrew, I had heard somewhere that you were considering adding more seats to your 787, 8s and 9s. Is that true? And what happens to your premium seating in the  on those airplanes if that does go through? Does it  is it coming down, or is it just a different configuration? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. So the 789 is the heart of our 787 fleet. We have the most of those aircraft. And the seating configuration on that aircraft as it relates to business classes, I think remains identical. Thats not the case, somebody will get back to you, but we didnt change the number of business class seats on the 789 as it goes through its reconfiguration over the next 12 months or so. So were fine there. We did find a little bit of room in the coach cabin. So the density, the number of seats on aircraft did go up a little bit. So the aircraft has more seats in total, but we didnt lose any J seats on that.
Michael Linenberg: Okay.
Andrew Nocella: Like I said, on the 788, we did reduce the size of the J-Class cabin. I dont know the number off the top of my head. I think its 28 to 30 seats relative to where we are today, which I think is 36 seats. We did that, because the missions that were going to be using the 788 on are likely to be more leisure-oriented that have lower business class demand. We have literally 150-plus wide bodies with very large J-Class cabins, in fact, some cabins getting bigger on all the other aircraft types. On this particular aircraft type, which really have 12 units. We did reduce the size of the cabin to reflect how we will use the aircraft in the future, which has a more leisure-oriented tilt than business tilt, and we thought that was the right segmentation of seats onboard that aircraft, given how itll be used. But again, its 12 aircraft that have a fleet of almost 200 wide-body aircraft. It doesnt move the numbers.
Operator: Thank you. And well now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Yes. Hi, thanks for the time today. This question, I think, is for Oscar or Scott. I wanted to ask about your decision to get rid of the capacity guidance and what sort of growth United will see over the next year or two or three in terms of both the Mid-Continent and if thats just a function of the MAX uncertainty, or if youre now at a period where youre slowing things down, because you feel that youve regained that share that United did not have in the past? Thanks.
Scott Kirby: So we have decided  well, we want to focus our efforts and our guidance on earnings. Thats the key metric that were trying to focus on. And if that means we should grow 5% to hit our earnings growth targets, then thats what well do. It mean we should grow 1% to get our earnings growth targets then what well do. Were really focused on earnings. And so we always actually intended as weve built increasing credibility with hitting our numbers to stop giving full-year capacity guidance beginning next year. But given we have one competitor already do it and given the uncertainty that we have with the MAX we did a year early. But really, the only thing that are changing guidance had to do with the MAX, because we did it a year early, because we have a lot of uncertainty this year. But we always intended to do it and its really a focus on driving towards our earnings target and having all of us focused on earnings metrics as the right metric.
Justin Bachman: Great, thanks. But as far as your comfort with the Mid-Continent strategy, where does that resume? Andrew had talked about sort of a halt, given the MAX. Is that coming back when you get the MAX?
Andrew Nocella: I wouldnt say its a halt. This is Andrew. What I would say is, were just not where we otherwise would like to be because of lack of the MAX. So we have built connectivity. We focused, in fact, in Denver. So that the Denver growth actually does continue. We have  were not where wed like to be in Houston or Chicago. So only time will tell. And the other thing Ill add is the CRJ 550, which has been a  I think a smashing success so far is doing really well and that does also help our Mid-Continent activity. But the MAX aircraft or a key ingredient to what were trying to accomplish and theyre not available to fly and therefore, were behind schedule on where wed otherwise like to be. And were likely to be behind schedule for the foreseeable future, given the latest announcement from Boeing.
Justin Bachman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And from Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Hi, thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how likely simulator training requirements could affect sort of the pace and the cadence of return to service eventually. What kind of competitions might that introduce? And how long do you think itll take, any color you have would be great?
Gregory Hart: Thanks. Thanks for the question. This is Greg. We dont anticipate any issues if simulator training is required by the FAA. We, as we talked about earlier, we have ample simulator capacity and were working on plans to allow us to divide by whatever guidance the FAA issues.
Alison Sider: Got it. Thanks. And if I could just follow-up. I guess Im just wondering if there is any kind of thinking of like a worst-case scenario, if the MAX doesnt fly again. Is there sort of a contingency plan for that, like in the back room somewhere, or is that even something you consider a possibility if you would just have to give up on the MAX or how might that play out?
Oscar Munoz: We continue to assume therell be a safe return of the MAX. And were actually encouraged at what we hope is more  a more realistic timeline and target and we will be announcing soon our own pushback of service that gives us time from what Boeing is now saying about the MAX return to service to give us time to get the airplane back up and running, including time for classroom training and simulator training for our pilots before they fly.
Andrew Nocella: At this point, were assessing the impact of the schedule. But we do not anticipate flying the MAX this summer.
Operator: Thank you This concludes our question-and-answer portion. Well now turn it back to Michael Leskinen for closing remarks.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Brandon, and thanks to all of you for joining the call today. Please contact media relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2019. My name is Brandon. And I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mike Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United's Third Quarter of 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; Executive Vice President of Technology and Chief Digital Officer, Linda Jojo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the team in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike and my thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before I start, as we always do, we want to thank each and every one of our United colleagues for their determination and passion for serving our customers. It truly is their dedication that has helped us build the track record of delivering on our financial targets and returning a solid value to our investors that we have. So to the results, we had another strong quarter of results. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported adjusted pretax earnings of $1.4 billion with an adjusted pretax margin of 12.1%. Our adjusted earnings per share of $4.07 was 33% higher than the third quarter of last year and that reflects 250 basis points of adjusted pretax margin expansion in the third quarter. It is our best so far this year. It also reflects the third consecutive quarter that our pre-tax margin has grown in the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis. This strong performance gives us the confidence to raise our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $11.25 to $12.25. We are now ahead of pace towards achieving our 2020 adjusted EPS target of $11 to $13 which we set nearly two years ago. We extended this quarterly streak of pretax margin expansion despite the obstacles like historically severe weather, volatile global market and of course the grounding of the MAX aircrafts. Now we didn't overcome these obstacles by cutting back on the value we provide to you, our customers, in fact, just the opposite. We continue to invest in a variety of improvements to the United experience that are benefiting our customers and elevating the value proposition of flying United. Here's just a few items. Our ConnectionSaver, which you've heard about that's already saved over 50,000 customers from missing their connections year-to-date, which is accruing customer gratitude and appreciation over time while ensuring each aircraft arrives on time. We are also now selling flights on the new CR J550 which will transform regional flying and give us a uniquely United advantage serving customers in our [small city] [ph] as they connect to international destinations. As we told you before, it will offer a first-class cabin, economy plus seating, Wi-Fi and more amenities than any other 50-seat regional aircraft operating today. So from the award winning and refreshed United app to expanded complementary snack options, we are continuing to invest in our customers' experience across the board. But ultimately, what makes all of those enhancements truly come alive are the people who deliver them and serve our customers every day and that is why our Backstage event for our flight attendants are so pivotal. It's proven to be an absolutely game changing experience for our employees. I believe the reason for their enthusiastic response is that Backstage brings our core4 principles to life in a variety of tangible ways that authentically resonate with our employees and our customers. It's been really satisfying to travel systems since we introduce core4 and witness how our employees have embraced this framework of safe, caring, dependable and efficient. And it's inspiring to see how they've taken personal ownership of the concept finding creative compelling ways to embody it, every customer, every flight, every day. In closing, when you look at the sum of all these efforts, what you see is a picture of what proof not promise looks like in practice. So we have less than a quarter left of 2019 and we believe our momentum remains strong. But I promise you and I use that word with earned confidence, we expect the best lies ahead. I look forward to welcoming journalists from around the world for our first ever Media Day here in Chicago on October 24 and October 25. It will be an excellent opportunity to showcase what is driving our confidence and the bright future of United Airlines, and the new spheres of United. So with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Oscar. I'd also like to thank all the people of United Airlines for the incredible job they're doing taking care of our customers and producing strong results. Thanks to our team's no excuses mentality, we delivered another quarter of adjusted pretax margin expansion. This continued an eight quarter streak of coming in above the midpoint of our guidance range. Andrew and Gerry will talk more about the recent results and the near-term future, but I want to address a couple of the bigger picture questions that have been top of mind for our investors. First, we're getting a lot of questions about our ability to continue driving flat CASM-ex in the years to come. It certainly won't be easy, but our goal remains to drive flat CASM-ex at the same time, we will of course continue to make the anticipated increases in compensation for all of our employees. After all, it's the people of United Airlines that are driving these results and they deserve sharing the rewards. As Oscar mentioned earlier, we also expect to continue making significant product and customer experience investments next year consistent with our core4 framework of being safe, caring, dependable and efficient. We've been doing that this year with investments like ConnectionSaver, free DirecTV, dramatic improvements to Wi-Fi and much, much more. We already see the positive impact of those investments. The material increases in customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Scores which is driving customers to choose United Airlines and contributing to our strong financial results. So how can we continue to invest in our people and our customer experience and drive towards flat CASM-ex? For one thing, we plan to take advantage of increasing gauge. We have large hubs in big cities across the country and because of that we should be the airline with the highest gauge. But at this point, we aren't. In fact, United is seven years to eight years behind our large competitors on gauge growth with approximately 13% fewer seats per domestic departure compared to Delta. As our fleet mix shifts to a higher percentage of larger gauge mainline aircraft instead of regional aircraft, we begin closing that gap in earnest starting next year, and we're planning for approximately 3% more seats per departure by the end of 2020. We expect gauge growth to continue to the middle of the next decade. In addition to gauge growth, we've also built a disciplined, action-oriented, innovative no excuses culture here at United, where we make difficult decisions to drive efficiency throughout the Company, which provides us with the resources to continue investing in our people, product, and customer experience. The second big concern that we're hearing from investors is what's going to happen to industry PRASM with the return of the MAX. We don't have unique insight into the economy that will make our opinion any better than yours. But we're more optimistic than most about industry revenues and more importantly, we feel good about our track record of overcoming hurdles and producing results without making excuses. We're in the early innings of our journey to make United the best airline in the world for our customers and our employees and our owners. We believe, we'll continue to have uniquely United opportunities that will allow us to continue to differentiate our performance in 2020 and beyond. The bottom line is that we expect to meet or exceed our $11 to $13 adjusted EPS target for next year. I'd now like to take a moment to talk a little bit about the team and culture here at United. Many of you probably play fantasy football. I don't by the way. And my wife, Kathleen is in a couple of leagues and is actually the Commissioner of one of our league, so I hear about it a lot. A successful company is a lot like a successful fantasy football team. You're looking for players you can count on who are more than just stand out individual performers. You are looking for talented players, who are part of a good team, playing in a good system and who overcome obstacles to help their team win. And the reason is simple. Football is a team sport. Well running an airline is a team sport also. And here at United, you've got a talented team and a great system that now has a track record of overcoming obstacles and competing at the highest level. On these earning call, we're increasingly trying to introduce you to more of the talent on our team. Kate Gebo, our EVP of Human Resources and Labor Relations joined the call last quarter, and today, you will hear from both Greg Hart, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer; and Linda Jojo, our EVP of Technology and Chief Digital Officer. Even better, get out there and fly United, and you'll see in person what our incredible frontline team is doing every day to take care of our customers. This really is a new United Airlines and we're continuing to build a new culture around a talented team that's determined to be the best airline in the world for our customers, employees and owners. Right now, we're winning and we're more confident than ever about our future. There have been and will be speed bumps along the way. But we will not be defined by them. We will be defined by our ability to overcome them. I'm really proud of this team and really proud to be a part of it. And with that, I'll turn it over to my talented colleague, Greg.
Greg Hart: Thank you, Scott. I appreciate the opportunity to be here today and I also want to thank all of our 95,000 employees. This has been an incredible year and I want to take a moment to mention some of the great achievements of our team. We are consistently number one for on-time departures at all hubs, where we face with large competitor. In the quarter, we achieved first place in Chicago, Denver and Los Angeles. In fact, September was the 15th month in a row we've outperformed our three major competitors in LAX, the 31st month in a row in Chicago, we outperformed our two main competitors and the 55th month in a row in Denver that we've outperformed our two major competitors, achieving first place in on-time departures at all of those hubs. And we did this while carrying more customers than ever. This is really something to be proud of and is a true testament to the team's ability to quickly and effectively respond to the range of operational challenges we face every day while doing their very best to take care of our customers. Our teams have achieved this incredible track record despite the fact that we are facing some hard hitting weather across the system. Tropical storm Imelda caused severe flooding in Houston and impacted over 20% of our scheduled flight system-wide for three days in September. We also had 9% of our flights impacted by aircraft control delays in the quarter. This compares to about 4% at our competitors. Tough weather and irregular operations are nothing new to United but it's incredible to see how our team gets better and faster recovering from these events. To enable this success, we have equipped our employees with the right tools to manage all types of situations. Linda and her team have done an incredible job of putting technology in the hands of our employees to better communicate with each other to solve problems in the operation or take care of customers in the moment. We are running a great operation at United and we couldn't be proud of the team. We are the industry leader when it comes to our ability to recover from irregular operations caused by weather and we'll continue to learn and only get better from here. I'll now pass the call on to Linda.
Linda Jojo: Thanks, Greg. It's great to be on the call today. I'm excited to share some of the progress we've been quietly making on the digital front, our operational improvements and growth plan takes hold. At its core, we've created a fast-paced, action-oriented culture that frees our people to partner closely with the business units and quickly roll out and test new innovations. Not all of them work, but the fast pace allows us to quickly test new ideas, discard those that don't and double down where we're seeing cuts. Today, I am going to highlight a few examples of those high return investments. Starting with our digital channels, united.com and our award winning mobile app, we enable our customers to purchase and change both tickets and ancillary products through any of our channels at any time before their trip. All of the confidence that if they change their mind, we have their back. For example, if a customer can pre-pay for her bag at time of ticket purchase but if she doesn't actually end up checking her bag, the bag fee is automatically refunded. We are the only airline to do this. Or if a customer checks the app, when she arrives at the airport and sees that she might be too far down the upgrade list, she can purchase an upgrade right in the app. We also continue to build upon personalization of our mobile app. Developments like Mile Play, which is unique to United, our  our in-app product offers include artificial intelligence, gamification features that increases customer engagements and drive take rates even higher, especially with our millennial customers. These examples may seem small, but they have helped us grow ancillary revenues by over 18% year-to-date. I want to speak briefly about how we work. Our digital team does not sit in some far off building or city. We are embedded in the airline and rather than take years, new tools and features are rolled out in weeks often at just one airport or one region, where we get real-time feedback, make changes and then repeat it until we get it right. As you've heard from Andrew in the past, our new revenue management platform Gemini is helping us get more granular and delivers significant value to United to more precise forecasting and predictive modeling. This wasn't a Big Bang implementation but one that started small was modified and expanded until it covered all of our markets. In the operation, we took this approach when solving the problem of aircraft swaps. We have to take a plane out of service. We have a new tool that consider several possible aircraft, evaluate future scheduled maintenance, the seat layout and many other factors and then makes a real-time recommendation to our routers on which aircraft to fly. This gets our down  our customers on their way, all while creating the least amount of downstream disruption. What Ive touched on today is just a small sample of what we do. We have created tools, developed apps and streamline processes that benefit our customers and our employees while improving revenues and driving cost savings, and there are hundreds of projects we're working on now side by side with Greg and Andrew's teams that we believe will drive customer engagement, empower our financial performance for years to come. With that, I'll pass it over to Andrew to recap our commercial performance.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Linda. In the third quarter, our PRASM grew 1.7% which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance, with September being the strongest month in the quarter. PRASM performance in our domestic network was up 2.1% on a 1.7% increase in capacity driven by solid close-in bookings. International performance was mixed with continued robust results in Latin America offset by headwinds in Asia. Latin America was our best performing international region in the third quarter. Third quarter PRASM increased 7.2% on a 0.4% increase in capacity. We had great results in many parts of Latin America, including double-digit increases in Mexico, Brazil and Puerto Rico. Performance across the Pacific further weakened in the quarter with a negative 3.4% decrease in PRASM on a 2.3% increase in capacity. All the weakness occurred in Hong Kong and to a lesser extent Beijing and Shanghai. As we indicated earlier in the quarter, Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai reduced our Q3 system performance by about 0.5 point. Atlantic PRASM was up 0.8% in the quarter on a 2.8% increase in capacity, strong U.S. point-of-sale demand offset weaker European point-of-sale demand. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect our consolidated passenger unit revenue to be up 0% to 2%. We see potential for stronger yields among leisure travelers during the holiday season. We think this is a positive indication of the increasing effectiveness of our commercial initiatives and customer focus here at United. Our PRASM outlook is also impacted by our ability to quickly adjust to changing market conditions as demonstrated in the third quarter. This summer, we announced the suspension of Chicago to Hong Kong and New York to Buenos Aires which were offset with capacity increases to other parts of Latin America. And a global network as large as ours there will clearly always be a few spots that have demand issues. Hong Kong demand, while weak, has for the moment stabilized. We expect Pacific year-over-year PRASM performance in the fourth quarter to improve versus the third quarter. We continue to push the booking curve closer into departure date saving more seats for a closer-in, higher yield business traveler, which in turn allows stronger yield performance early in the booking curve for leisure customers. Gemini, our new RM system that Linda mentioned earlier is working well with this strategy. Additionally, our sales team has been busy signing up new corporate accounts totaling over 500 year-to-date, a record number for United so far. This is just one of the many initiatives that we have in place to help us drive our RASM performance in 2020. We believe United's network is uniquely suited to be the leading airline for business here in the U.S. as well as across the globe with our great partners. Our network is performing well as we continue to build connectivity, scheduled dep and small community service focused on our Mid-Continent hubs. However, our coastal gateway hubs also saw improved profitability on many network realignments over the past year. We're running a disciplined airline that will make hard decisions like suspending service and as a result, all of our hubs are profitable on a rolling 12 month basis. It's a nice achievement on our road to our adjusted EPS targets. Turning to Slide 13. We continue to focus on our commercial initiatives. Our first set of 10 dual class CRJ-550s are scheduled into service in the next couple of weeks with client focus here in Chicago, later followed by New York. We expect to have 54 CRJ-550s flying by the fall of 2020. We announced several changes to the MileagePlus program into the third quarter. First, miles don't expire anymore, which will help engage new members and less frequent travelers in the program. Second, we replaced our upgrade certificates with PlusPoints, which starting in December will be easier to use and understand. PlusPoints can be managed in our industry-leading mobile app, a first for any U.S. airline. Third, we will adjust how members are in status going forward to be more reflective of their total value. As a reminder, we are also now dynamically pricing award redemptions in Q4 for the first time, which allows, both lower and higher redemption pricing, a win for our customers and our investors. Segmentation initiatives continue to perform well and we have a lot of them in different phases of roll out. Basic Economy allows us to offer a low price point profitably. Premium Plus will accelerate in 2020 and beyond, be more consistently offered across the globe on our wide-body jets. Our high business class configuration 767s are now operating most flights from London to Chicago and New York. Installation of Polaris seats continues and in 2020, our passengers will find an increasingly consistent experience on our intercontinental fleet of wide-bodies. We now regularly offer with plans to continue in 2020 Boeing 787-10 service from New York to California and have recently started selling Premium Plus seats on these selective flights. We estimate that our Economy Plus seats per departure on mainline jets is now more than 50% larger than our competitors, providing our frequent flyers with more upgrade opportunities and serving as an excellent driver for ancillary revenue growth. As we look to next year, we expect these uniquely United initiatives, the CRJ-550 deployed in key high yield markets and the ancillary revenue drivers that Linda spoke about earlier to drive incremental revenue growth moving forward. Thanks to the entire United team for a great third quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Before I start, I want to mention that one prominent analyst recommended that we have no theatrics on the call this morning. In deference to this analyst, I will attempt to be as bland as possible. Yesterday afternoon, we issued our third quarter 2019 earnings release and our fourth quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for additional detail. For the highlights, Slide 15 is a summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 16 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings per share of $4.07 for the third quarter, up 33% versus a year ago. Adjusted pretax income was $1.4 billion and adjusted pretax margin was 12.1%, up 250 basis points year-over-year and marking the fourth consecutive quarter of adjusted pretax margin expansion. These strong results demonstrate our ability to offset challenges across our global network, as we continue to grow margins. Slide 17 shows our total unit cost for the third quarter and our forecast for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. Turning to Slide 18, nonfuel unit cost in the third quarter increased 2.1% on a year-over-year basis, slightly above our original expectations. This was due to our capacity growth for the quarter coming in at 1.9%, slightly below our original expectations. As we discussed on the last call, we have some pressure on nonfuel unit costs in the second half of this year due to the timing of a number of maintenance events which moved from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. We expect fourth quarter CASMex to be up year-over-year by approximately 3.5% which brings projected full year 2019 CASMex to be up around 1.2% as compared to last year. Almost all of this year-over-year increase in unit cost compared to our original plan of year-over-year flat or better is driven by the MAX grounding, temporary suspension of our India flights and suspension of our Chicago, Hong Kong flight. Looking ahead to 2020. We are in the middle of our budget process and we'll provide formal guidance in January. However, based on preliminary numbers, we expect nonfuel unit cost next year to be flat as compared to this year. This will put us slightly above the target we established almost two years ago to maintain flat CASMex during the three year period from 2018 through 2020. We began making investments in customer experience over the past year and those investments have resulted in improved financial results. We expect to continue to make more investments next year that we believe will enhance margins. While these improvements represent about 1% of CASMex growth overall, we are very proud of the cost control we've delivered and will continue to deliver. Through next year, we expect the three year compound annual growth rate for nonfuel unit cost to be just 0.3% which would be a remarkable and industry-leading achievement and allow us to deliver our commitment to use to meet or exceed our adjusted EPS targets. As you can see on Slide 19. During the quarter, we took delivery of six additional used Airbus A319 aircraft and nine new Embraer E175 aircraft. We also spent $363 million to repurchase shares of our common stock in the third quarter at an average price of $88.22 per share. This brings our year-to-date repurchases through the third quarter to $1.4 billion. During the quarter, we raised $1.2 billion of WTC debt at a blended interest rate of about 2.8%, the lowest rate on record for this type of debt and another proof point that the market already views us as an investment grade credit. We maintain a healthy balance sheet that allows us to be opportunistic with share repurchases and strategic investments. Lastly, Slides 20 and 21 have a summary of our current guidance. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs implies an expected fourth quarter 2019 adjusted pre-tax margin between 7% and 9%. As Oscar mentioned earlier, we now expect full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be between $11.25 and $12.25. With three quarters behind us, we are proud of our financial performance and ability to nimbly manage the business. Finally, our cost management is an integral part of our path towards continued margin expansion, and our entire team is taking a rigorous approach to our budgeting process to ensure that we offset inflationary pressures next year and achieve our financial targets. With that Mike will now begin the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Gerry. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And from Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Andrew, I wanted to follow-up on an issue we talked about before, which is the premium economy roll out. Have you guys gotten any closer to being able to kind of give us a sense for what the unit revenue headwind or tailwind, or tailwind from that is going to be in 2020?
Andrew Nocella: I don't have a 2020 number to report to you. I can tell you in Q3 it was 0.5 point number system. So it's pretty substantial.
David Vernon: So 0.5 point tailwind from the premium economy roll out and that should be a bigger impact next year or smaller impact?
Andrew Nocella: I'm not going to give you that number today. But what I would say is that we are becoming increasingly consistent and Greg's team is rolling out these aircraft very, very quickly. So we expect by next summer, premium economy getting really consistent across the system, so we're pretty bullish about its contribution next year. It's one of the reasons why we think RASM  the PRASM next year is pretty good.
David Vernon: Okay. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, as you think about the impact of dynamically pricing the award tickets, is that  can you help us give  help give us a sense for what that should do from either a utilization or yield benefit kind of as we think about the 2020-2021 timeframe?
Andrew Nocella: What I would tell you is that we're able to kind of move the redemption awards around in a way that allows us to price lower and price higher, which we think will be a net benefit to the airline, but I'm not going to give any more details on that, but we do think this is a win for everybody and that we have a lot more lower-priced inventory available out there based on our ability to be more surgical in the way we price it.
David Vernon: Have you seen any change in the redemption rates on that so far as you're starting to enable it?
Andrew Nocella: No, we are continuing to redeem miles, I think at the same pace. It's going very well.
David Vernon: All right, thanks very much for the time, guys.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Joe Caiado. Please go ahead.
Joe Caiado: Hey, good morning. Thanks very much. First question really on high level 2020 capacity growth outlook. Now I'm not looking for explicit guidance, we have the 4% to 6% guide posts that you've given us, but Scott, since you mentioned that we're going to start to see some gauge growth in the operation next year, I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about how we should think about departures and gauge and stage and the overall composition of your growth for next year?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. This is Andrew. We're still developing the plan for next year. So it is still preliminary. That being said, assuming the MAX returns there and we don't know when that will be. And based on the fleet plan we have, we are driving to increase the gauge of the airline. It happens more in the back half of the year than the first half quite a bit, in fact, more in the last 90 days quite frankly. But as we looked at our load factors where we're flying aircraft and the size of aircraft we have out there, we think this is the next great opportunity. It's going to be a significant help to CASMex as I'm sure Gerry will talk about later. So that's kind of where we're going. But there's still a lot of moving pieces. The plan is not finalized, but we believe there is a ton of opportunity for gauge growth at airline, given our hubs are located in the largest cities across the country, and we're currently flying the smallest gauge as anybody.
Joe Caiado: Okay, got it. And then actually, just another quick follow-up for you Andrew. You mentioned your corporate sales team signed a record 500 new accounts this year, I think that's what you said. Can you just give us a sense for how that breaks down roughly between brand new corporate accounts for United versus customers that may be left United several years ago and now you're winning them back?
Andrew Nocella: There's definitely a mix of those, but quite frankly a lot of these  the disproportion of share are brand new customers. To be clear, some of these customers flew United without a corporate deal. So we want to be very clear about that, but now they're signed up on a corporate deal where we can provide them the appropriate discounting being a bigger share of their spend. So I think it's a pretty big deal. Our sales team is doing an excellent job out there, and quite frankly, the product that we're delivering every day is making their job easier and easier. So we can win back customers that maybe left us many, many years ago and we also can gain new customers. So it's just been, cant say how bullish we are about the progress we've made on the sales front, we believe that a lot of that activity in terms of the revenue creates shows up in 2020 and beyond.
Joe Caiado: I appreciate the answers. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Hi, good morning guys. First and obvious one on the CASM side for, I guess, Gerry and Scott, does your preliminary CASM thoughts for next year still include a reset of all your open labor contracts?
Gerry Laderman: Yes, it's Gerry . So all of our CASM guidance that we put out, including the original three-year numbers includes something for any open labor contracts.
Rajeev Lalwani: And does that apply for 2020 as well?
Gerry Laderman: It applies pretty much for any CASM guidance we put out, period. So, yes.
Scott Kirby: For any guidance that we put out, we make it a point to put in scenarios for everything, so we're not going to make excuses and this is consistent with our guidance practice of putting anticipated labor increases in the guidance.
Rajeev Lalwani: Understood. It just seemed like things were moving around and I wanted to clarify, so thank you for that. And then, Andrew, a relatively quick one for you. You talked about health and leisure going into the fourth quarter. Can you provide a little bit of color on how corporate's looking, and then maybe some color on domestic versus international?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, trying to take it piece by piece. I would think what we're seeing is corporate volumes are steady, they are not growing rapidly, but they are steady, but even more importantly than that, we're seeing leisure yields as we enter the quarter being pretty strong. So that gives us a lot of confidence about our outlook as we go into the quarter. So for example, the premium cabins were slightly down across the Atlantic and across Pacific in the previous quarter and that's probably true in the next quarter. But the main cabin is outperforming that. And so we're pretty pleased by that performance and that's driven again by leisure travelers or main cabin travelers more than business travelers. In terms of view of the world, international had tough comps in the Q3 time period. As we go into Q4, I expect international is likely to outperform domestic on year-over-year PRASM increases. As I said earlier, I expect the Pacific to do better in Q4 than it did in Q3. It's interesting, I would always say that I've never seen a bigger disconnect between the global headlines in terms of the economy and its potential impact on travel than the numbers I see here at United for yields and future RASM builds across the globe. Latin America looks  continuing to look very strong, Europe is definitely going to be probably the weakest of the three, but also still doing I think very well from a P&L perspective. So overall, I couldn't be more happy about where we stand and the outlook for Q4 I think looks really solid.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning, everybody. First question for Gerry. How do we think about CASM relief as the MAX is reintroduced? Obviously in above plan growth rate next year provides its own relief, but specific to the MAX and the cost drag that it's currently creating, how sticky are those costs? How quickly do they exit as the aircraft is reintroduced? And also for any one-time maintenance costs and I understand it's going to differ whether the planes have been in short-term or long-term storage, do you intend to take those as one-offs or is that also baked into the CASM guide?
Gerry Laderman: So, yes, our plan for the MAXs next year is actually similar to what we were planning this year. The issue is going to be, Jamie, if, let's say there are further delays next year than what we are currently assuming, that could create again CASM pressure like it did this year, but other than that, for us, it's sort of business as usual and baked into that CASM, I wouldn't call it a guiding tip, but the CASM expectation that I mentioned earlier.
Greg Hart: And this is Greg, the maintenance cost associated 
Jamie Baker: Hi Greg.
Greg Hart:  aircraft back in the service is minimal, not material at all.
Jamie Baker: Okay, perfect. And second question probably for Scott or for Andrew, how have your multi-year forecasts for Latin America changed in the last month or so? Obviously, material revision in terms of alliance structure down there, I realize you're pursuing your own strategy with several partners. We also have American adding capacity with its own metal. I know you don't guide by geography, but have you made any internal revisions to your forecast as to how you're thinking about Latin America on a multi-year basis? 
Scott Kirby: We have not, I will tell you that I think our recent performance has actually gotten better, given all the changes with revision, which is I think fascinating, it is doing incredibly well. As you can see by the numbers weve put up this quarter and last quarter. So we're pretty happy by it, it's not our biggest international entity and therefore we have been working really hard with a great set of partners, Copa, Avianca and Azul, and we are going to put together a fantastic joint business and we are going to be competitive in the region as a group in a way that I think has actually just been enhanced over the last few weeks. So we're pretty pleased by where we stand and are positioned in for the long-term.
Jamie Baker: Okay, thanks for the color. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: From Vertical Research Partners, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi, good morning everyone, thanks for the time. Scott, I don't want to downplay the CASMex performance, that's clearly industry leading. But I do  I would like if you're able to get a little bit better feel for the investments that you're talking about, in particular, I guess your operational reliability has become much better, the customer experience is better as you've outlined, Linda's team has clearly made some investments. Is there a way to tie all of that back to your expected RASM performance relative to the industry?
Andrew Nocella: Maybe I'll try  it's Andrew, I'll give you maybe one or two examples. So we announced, I think six months or nine months ago the High-J 767 that would be flying across the Atlantic. When we did that, we took a bunch of seats out the aircraft and we caused the CASM of that aircraft flying from New York to London to go up by about 25% quite frankly. And so as we give our guidance for next year, part of that guidance includes a significant CASM headwind related to the reconfiguration of those aircraft, but we reconfigured those aircraft to get higher RASM and in fact our performance as we look forward is going to be well in excess of the increase in CASM, otherwise, we would not have done it. And so I think that's working well. But when you add that up, you have to think about the fact that our CASM is definitely higher on that aircraft. And as a result, it's going to drive higher RASM and it's one of the reasons we think, we are going to have decent RASM results for next year. The CRJ-550 is not all that dissimilar, we now have our premium cabin being offered to all flights that we didn't have before. We know our CASM of that particular aircraft is going to be up high single digits relative to what otherwise could be, but we think the RASM gains related to that is more than that. So those are just two, I think really very specific examples of us pushing higher costs on to the airline in terms of CASMex, but knowing we're going to get it back in terms of RASM and knowing we are managing our total CASMex number to a really great spot. So those are just two examples.
Linda Jojo: Yes, I can, this is Linda. I can add one really about improving onboard Wi-Fi. Greg's team in tech-ops have just done an incredible job to make the product more stable. We have 63% less maintenance deferrals, 20% less onboard recess by our in-flight crew. And what that's translating into is customers that are just using it more. You have 30% increase in our data consumption and 17% increase in customer satisfaction.
Darryl Genovesi: Great. I'll keep it to one, thank you.
Oscar Munoz: Hi Darryl. Let me just add. I have been long enough to see where there were times we managed for revenue. There are times we managed for cost and as you know those never worked and what you're hearing everybody say is all this is managing to margins and EPS. So those investments that we're making are going to drive those financial results.
Darryl Genovesi: Perfect. Thanks very much everyone.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hi good morning. Hi, Scott, you guys are clearly driving some transformational changes with the way you do business and your success is obviously involving some pretty big thinking, so with that backdrop, Scott, what is the likelihood that you push for and get partial content agreements with GDS in your next negotiation and if that's not a near-term issue. How important to that  how important is that to you that you eventually get there?
Scott Kirby: Look. We are quite proud of the culture that we're, that we we're creating here at United and you're right that there is transformational changes going on. Weve talked about some of the big picture items, the reason I talked about the team and the culture on some of these calls recently is because, I literally could talk for the next hour off the top of my head on examples of things that are going on throughout the airline that no one else is doing and that the team of people at United Airlines is doing and doing quickly and it's showing up in our bottom line results. As to the GDS specifics, it kind of depends on where those partners are and what they want to do. We want to be able to deliver our products to our customers who are actually willing to carry a fair price to do that. We want to be able to deliver our product to our customers in the way they wanted to consume it and purchase it as long as we can do so at a fair price and importantly as long as GDSs or OTAs or anyone else can actually display the products to the customer. And so any push back that we have in the months, quarters, years to come with third-party providers is more likely to be about their ability to service the customers in a way that we think is appropriate.
Hunter Keay: All right. And then on CASMex the third-party expense was up over 100% year-on-year in 4Q, the guide. Why didnt other revenue tracking higher? And is $65 million a quarter a good run rate to use as we model that out for 2020?
Gerry Laderman: It's Gerry. So what happened with other revenue is, what you are also seeing there is the impact of the decline in cargo, which offset what you would have seen as a gain in third-party maintenance revenue.
Hunter Keay: Right. And then the run rate into 2020, Gerry if you would  should we take $65 million a quarter in third party-expense and put it into that run rate for 2020, third-party expense.
Gerry Laderman: Yes, it's a good number to use.
Hunter Keay: Okay, Gerry. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks, operator. Hi team. Thank you very much for the time this morning. So I'm not sure whether it's Scott or Oscar to answer this question, but, or maybe even Greg. Last week, I think you said, you were going to hire 10,000 pilots over the next decade, which seems right when we look at your numbers, we see about 6,500 of about 12,000, 13,000 maybe retiring in that time frame. So can  so it works out to like a 1,000 a year. Right? Can you say what percent of those hires are going to be growth versus retirees?
Scott Kirby: Helane, that's a difficult question to answer, right now, because a lot depends on where we're flying obviously if we're flying long-haul flights. We got augmented crews which drive a little bit more need for pilots, but the majority. The vast majority of those hires will be replacing retirements with our wave starting to hit us in 2022 or 2023. So that's kind of what we're looking at is the vast majority of the 10,000 will be replacing folks currently on our seniority list.
Helane Becker: Okay. Well, so then as you up gauge. Just as a follow-up. As you up gauge the aircraft, is it more, do you need more pilots per plane or I guess the other part of it is the training costs associated with moving pilots around.
Gerry Laderman: Helane, I'd caution you to not try to back use our pilot  high level pilot hiring number to try to back into what our 10-year growth plan assumption is. We don't actually have to use them. There is nothing to be read into that number, it's a nice round number, that's in the order of magnitude of what we will hire over the next decade.
Helane Becker: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you. I'll keep it at one question.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi, good morning, everyone. So Gerry, I had a question just on, in terms of some free cash flow components. Can you maybe help us understand some of the bigger buckets there particularly in terms of planned pension contributions, anything we should be thinking about on cash taxes and then should we still be expecting CapEx of about $1 billion higher next year than originally planned in 2019?
Gerry Laderman: So let me start with CapEx. As you know, next year is a peak year for us for aircraft deliveries particularly the 17-or-so wide-body aircraft, on top of hopefully a significant number of MAXs and other aircrafts. And so when you start adding all that up and assume kind of a normal level of non-aircraft CapEx, you actually get to a number that's potentially closer to $7 billion, than $6 billion. So it's going to be higher than just $1 billion more than this year, which is still running we think about the $4.9 billion that we said. With respect to pensions, this year was a little bit of an unusual year because we effectively in September, prepaid contribution that we normally would have made in the first quarter of next year, to save a substantial amount of some fees we otherwise would have been hit with, so this year's total pension contribution slightly over $600 million. I would expect next year to be  could be potentially zero. But what you should assume right now is probably $300 million at some point during the year.
Andrew Didora: Got it. And just curious on  when do you become a cash taxpayer?
Gerry Laderman: I really hope it's not for a while other than a small amount of taxes. One of the benefits that we now have that is making up for the  going through of the NOLs is the 100% expensing on new aircraft that we are now able to take, pretty much on all the new aircraft that are delivering this year and for the next few years.
Andrew Didora: Great, that's helpful. I'll keep it to that. Thank you.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Yes. Hey, just two quick ones here. I guess, first to Andrew, as we think about your 2019  excuse me, 2020 capacity headline number and we think about how it relates to the original plan. How many points, assuming that the MAX does come back in January, which does seem less likely, but if we assume the current schedule, how many points tied to the MAX in India? Does that drive that headline number relative to the original plan? Is that about two points, two and a half points?
Andrew Nocella: I think one and a half points is our estimate.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, thanks. And then just my second question, Gerry, for the year on the tax rate you were guiding to 21% to 23% for the first three quarters, it now bumps up by about 100 bps for the full year. What does that  what's in the fourth quarter? Is that timing? Is that just end of year reconciliation? Anything other than that? Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: It was a result of some choices we had to make on how we were going to take some bonus depreciation that slightly increases the effective tax rate. But economically, it was the right decision to make, there is substantial cash saving that as a result. It's counter intuitive, but to get some actual cash savings, the effective tax rate crept up a little bit.
Michael Linenberg: That's great. I mean, look at the end of the day you have a higher EPS guide. So that's all we care about. Thank you.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joe DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joe DeNardi: Yes, good morning. Is Luc Bondar on the call by chance?
Scott Kirby: No he is not.
Joe DeNardi: Okay. In my opinion he probably should be, I think he is an asset of United that is doing a lot from an innovation standpoint for the loyalty program. So maybe Scott or Andrew, the level of innovation, I think within Uniteds program is clearly very different than it is elsewhere in the industry. And so I'm wondering if you could just talk about in terms of kind of the gamification, personalization of the loyalty program, what that's meaning from the engagement standpoint with your members? And then, how relevant that is along with the improvement in operations to a card issuer when you think about the economics that you'll be able to get?
Scott Kirby: Well, as all these things work together and we set out about two years ago with Luc leading the charge along with Linda on the digital side, we kind of rethink the whole program and what it should look like and how we can make it even better for our customers quite frankly. And PlusPoints is a really good example of an amazing innovation that we put forward and that will be available on the app, it will be easy to use, and it will be simple, the new Value publications. I think will be much easier to understand for our customers going forward. So we're really excited about that. We're really excited to lead the charge and Luc is doing a great idea. And all of this, as I said in the previous call has resulted in a lot more engagement by our customers. We can see their propensity to hold the credit card or to join the club or to fly more often, or to buy higher fares has all increased versus the previous year by significant amount. And that's all kind of coming together and I think I'll pass it off to Linda because the digital technology used to make all that happen are just been phenomenal.
Linda Jojo: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I think the way to think about loyalty program is obviously in the way it's designed, but it's ultimately about giving the right offers to our customers to get them to want to fly us. And so we are thinking on all different ways to leverage where our customers want to go and then create very targeted offers, Mile Play is a great example of that where we are using gamification to get customers to really try things that they haven't tried before whether that's a new product or a new location and then rewarding them with currency that is our program.
Andrew Nocella: So well let Luke to know that youre pretty high on him.
Joe DeNardi: Yes. I appreciate that. I mean, Scott or Andrew, there was some headlines, I don't know a month or two ago that your deal with Chase runs through 2024, 2025 which is a lot longer than I think most deals run. So Scott or Andrew, can you talk about your ability to close the gap in earnings between you and your peers without a new deal or whatever you'd like to say along those lines? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: What I would say is, we're working really hard with Chase and our new acquisitions last year were up 20% and this year are going to be up 20%. So the teams are working together really well and creating a lot of value, and that's about all I can really say on it. So we're pretty happy with the recent increase in new credit card acquisitions.
Joe DeNardi: Thank you.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien. Please go ahead.
Catherine O'Brien: Good morning, everyone; thanks for the time. So over the next five or six years, it looks like you have more wide-body aircraft coming up to the global average retirement age than you currently have on order. Should we think about some of those aircraft maybe being replaced by new technology long-range narrow bodies? Would you look to the secondary market? Just any thoughts there would be helpful. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Maybe I'll start off and Gerry can help me on this. We've invested in our 767s and our 777s to extend their life. Both aircrafts are incredible machines and continue to perform well for the company, both from a reliability standpoint and an economic standpoint. So the new Polaris interior is just recently been put on them. So I'm not sure what you're assuming for retirement age. But we're pretty happy with these wide bodies and they can fly for a bit longer.
Gerry Laderman: Yes, I would just add. Yes, over the next, certainly over the next five years, there is really no need to retire any of the wide bodies we're currently flying and that's not our focus right now on the next fleet to retire. To be honest, next fleet to retire, we'll start looking at the remaining 757s that will start coming out.
Catherine O'Brien: Okay, that's great, thanks so much for the color. And then maybe just high level, you guys have discussed quite a few exciting projects that you're looking forward to next year, whether that's more Premium Plus, more CRJ-550s. Like, how should we think about ranking some of these projects in terms of what you see as being the largest drivers of our revenue enhancement for next year? And is there anything else that's on the list that features prominently and how much revenue growth we should see next year just outside of capacity growth? And thanks so much for the time.
Scott Kirby: Well, it's pretty clear we have a large number of commercial initiatives ongoing and they're are all in different stages of roll-out with our segmentation philosophy, I think really expanded and then doing very well for the company. So we're not going to line item, the value that each one of these brings to the bottom line. I provided a small hint that our Premium Plus projects across the globe already has given us a half a point of RASM in the third quarter, which is pretty substantial, given that we just started. So there is a lot to come and there are initiatives that are coming, that we have yet to announce, which is really exciting. And that's why we're pretty bullish as we look at the outlook for next year, that we know where we're going to be and we're on our road to our EPS target.
Catherine O'Brien: That's great. Looking forward to hearing more in March. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our Q&A for today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Hi, thanks everyone. I was wondering, if you could sort of share anything about what you're hearing in terms of the regulatory process on the MAX, if you're getting that sense there are any disagreements between the FAA and the off room by its push back recertification or, and if that happens, whether you might consider pushing back your own return to service if it's something you have that hasn't yet signed off on?
Oscar Munoz: Yes. So this is Oscar. There is ongoing dialog between and there's a lot of chatter from many different folks. I think the ultimate goal of all regulators around the world is to obviously do the facts and data research on the aircraft and its qualifications and make the right decision. So as far as what we hear and what you hear, I'm not sure its entirely pertinent. I think we're all focused on making sure that aircraft is safe and return to flight and when that is. And so  and to that extent, there is nothing much else to say on that subject.
Alison Sider: I mean, if there was some kind of staggered regulatory process, so would that affect your plans like does that create any issues with your alliance partners this different regulatory authorities have a different view of the planes?
Oscar Munoz: I think, we'll cross that bridge when it comes to. But I don't think so, I think we are overseen by the FAA, and we'll certainly look to that aspect and across the country, across the world, we hope. But I think, we're driving towards a somewhat staggered sort of roll-up and not necessarily one that's going to be in  measured in lot of time.
Alison Sider: Thank you.
Operator: And from Bloomberg. We have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Yes, hi, thanks for the time today. My question is about your nonfuel unit costs over the next few years and the goal to be flat. But as you think of the different revenue initiatives and the plans that United has to grow those revenues and profits over time. How do you balance that against the employee base that obviously would want to share in some of that? And how do you see the longer-term cost picture playing out in terms of employee contracts?
Scott Kirby: We absolutely. As I said in my opening comments, I think that our people are the ones that are delivering these results and they deserve to have increases in compensation and will get those, we built that into our plan. We have the ability to keep costs flat, because we're doing it in other ways. We're doing it by putting, by gauge growth, so flying larger airplane is lower CASM, that we're doing it by constantly getting more efficient. We're going to be the second year in a row here as we go through the budget process for example where despite growing the airline, despite all kinds of new initiatives and despite giving pay raises to management and administrative employees, we're going to keep total spending there flat. So we're doing a really effective job this team at managing fixed cost and keeping them fixed as we grow the airline and by growing the gauge same time, that gives us the monies to invest in our people, product and customer experience.
Justin Bachman: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to Mike Leskinen for closing remarks.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks to you all for joining the call today, please contact Media Relations, if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining, you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Airlines Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of 2019. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open-up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call maybe recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call Mike Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Yesterday we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning we issued a presentation accompanying this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update the accompanying presentation and our remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update, and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations, Kate Gebo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition we have other members of the team in the room available to assist in Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike and my thanks to all of you for joining us today. We're very excited to highlight yet another successful quarter for United Airlines and if I could, let me start with a couple of headlines. Thanks to the hard work of United's team we delivered a third consecutive quarter of strong adjusted pretax margin growth improving 200 basis points this quarter and accelerating us on our trajectory towards meeting our 2020 adjusted EPS growth. On the operational front, although as you know and obviously we are an outdoor sport and hub weather at our hubs is nothing new, but weather combined with issues related to Pakistani and Iranian aerospace as well as the 737 MAX grounding still didn't knock us off our game. We continued to deliver top-tier operational performance with a strong D0 result across the system and we were the top performer at Chicago, O'Hare, Denver, Los Angeles, San Francisco versus our large hub competitors in those markets. Moving on to another question that comes up and in respect to the MAX aircraft our number one priority continues to be safety for both our customers and our employees. I want to commend our team for their work and rebooking customers who are impacted by the grounding in the most efficient timely and caring way possible. And we will continue to make sure that our customers are taken care of. Finally, we continue to introduce great improvements with the United experience allowing us to better serve our customers every time they travel and making them want to choose United in the future. If we turn to Slide 4, our performance and financial results in the second quarter have further increased our confidence that we can work through and deliver results even as we face multiple speed bumps. Second quarter adjusted pretax earnings were $1.4 billion with an adjusted pretax margin of 12.4%, another quarter of 200 basis point margin expansion year-over-year. And today, we are raising the midpoint of our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance with a new range of $10.50 to $12. This raises our proof-not-promises mentality at work, a powerful demonstration that we expect to consistently deliver on our commitments. We said we would continue to execute on our multiyear network strategy flying when and where our customers want to travel. This quarter alone we launched 34 new domestic and international routes including headline-catching international destinations that no other U.S. carriers offer like Washington Dulles to Tel Aviv, Denver to Frankfurt, Newark to both Prague and Naples, and soon we'll be adding four additional routes to Tokyo, Haneda. We said we will become the most customer-caring airline in the industry and deliver the most exciting series of improvements in flying experience. Scott, Kate, and Andrew will touch on that in a moment and provide examples of ways we go above and beyond to be the airline that customers not only choose to fly, but love to fly. And as we look toward the future we believe more than ever no matter what challenges arise, United has put itself in the best position to succeed. So, with that, thank you and I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar. It's great to have everyone on the call today. We had another strong quarter here at United. We continue to build on our track record of no excuses. And for the seventh quarter in a row, we came in above the midpoint of our adjusted pretax margin guidance and that's despite the MAX issues, suspension of our flights to India, and a 17% increase in weather-related air traffic control delays year-over-year. I'd like to commend our employees with the exceptional job they did navigating through such tough circumstances while still managing to provide exceptional customer service and meeting and exceeding our financial commitments to all of you. The United team is not making excuses for exogenous headwinds and we're simply buckling down and overcoming those headwinds. Operationally, I'm proud of the team for continuing to run a strong operation and taking care of our customers. As Oscar mentioned, we were number one in D0 in all four of our hubs where we have competitors of similar scale; Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Denver. And we were number one in completion factor in three of those four hubs. United really is the best at dealing with the inevitable headwinds like weather that come with being a global airline. We're now well into the second year of our growth strategy and hitting our stride. The network plan we outlined last year continues to capitalize on our uniquely United strength and has further bolstered our connecting hubs growing our flow revenue and resulting in improved domestic profitability. But we aren't just relying on growth or our commercial initiatives. We're investing heavily in our people product and operations to build customer loyalty so that customers choose to fly United. We're making investments across the Board and I'll highlight just a couple that are significant and then later Andrew and Kate will talk even more about what we're doing for our customers. One new tool which we previewed for you in the past is what we call ConnectionSaver. It does two important things. First, it messages customers detailed directions to their connecting gate. Second, it equips employees with powerful new technology allowing them to identify situations where connecting flight can be held a few extra minutes for customers attempting to make tight connection. And they can do it and still get to deploy into its destination on time. Tens of thousands of United customers have already benefited making tight connections and getting to their destination without delay. We believe that customer loyalty generated by ConnectionSaver will help to build long-term loyal United customers. WiFi is another product that's incredibly important to our customers. And while we're still making improvements, we've rolled out significant new software and hardware overhauls on two of our platforms this year. And as addition to other improvements the staffs are telling the story of a vastly improving product. We've seen a 20% improvement in customer satisfaction for WiFi and our compensation refund rates are down around two-thirds because the system is just more reliable. For the past year or so, we've been working towards a goal to get the system to a high enough level of reliability and bandwidth that we can make WiFi free for our customers. We're excited at the progress we're making towards that goal. Our technology team is doing an incredible job helping us to make the customer experience better here at United. While I highlighted a couple of items today, next quarter we plan to have Linda Jojo, our Chief Digital Officer to give you a little more detail on some of the exciting innovations that have been and will be happening in the future. Because improving the customer experience is such an important pillar of our strategy, today we wanted to invite Kate Gebo, our Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations on the call to discuss some of the amazing things the United team is doing to help change the culture because that's a key to improving customer service so customers will have reasons to choose to fly United. Finally, as Oscar mentioned despite the headwinds, our results give us confidence to raise the midpoint of our 2019 full year adjusted EPS target by $0.25. We also have increased confidence in meeting or beating our 2020 adjusted EPS target as we enter the back half of 2019. And with that I'll turn it over to Kate.
Kate Gebo: Thanks Scott. It's great being on the call today. I lead our Human Resources and Labor Relations team and I'm energized by the opportunity that we have to support our people and set them up for success with our customers. From hiring the right people to continuing to develop those who are already here, we are building an internal service culture and match it to what we aspire to deliver to our customers. We believe that our focus on customer centricity, the way we interact with our customers is as important as our multiyear network strategy. All 95,000-plus of our team members know that it's not just about growing the network, but it's about changing how people feel about United. It's why the core4 is so important and why we're talking about this on our call today. A strong engaged workforce is critical for everything we do, whether it's running a strong operation, growing the airline or exceeding our customers' expectations around the service. As Oscar mentioned last quarter, our Chief Customer Officer, Toby Enqvist is leading Backstage, a unique engagement experience for our 25,000 flight attendants. This year, we're hosting 34 events for 800 flight attendants at a time to share the why behind the decisions we make, and underscore the important role our flight attendants play in delivering great service. Through June, we held 17 of these events and hosted over 13,000 of our flight attendants. And each one, we personally thank our flight attendants for their hard work, but more importantly, listen to their ideas and what we can do better both for them and our customers. As a result, before we make changes for both our customers, things like increasing buy-in we're provisioning and our employees, such as operating a courtesy callback when the pre-scheduling team isn't immediately available. I'm sharing all of this, because culture and engaged employees enable our entire strategy and deliver results. Engaged and empowered employees drive improved customer satisfaction and loyalty. On the employee side, flight attendants who have been at Backstage have a 10% higher employee engagement rate than those who have not yet attended. That engagement supports many of our commercial initiatives, including a 10% increase in corporate revenue year-to-date at United, proving that a great network and great service are driving customers to choose to fly United. We believe improved customer service positively differentiates our product and will continue to make United the airline people not only choose to fly, but love to fly. That is why we're announcing a similar Backstage event next year for our nearly 15,000 customer-facing employees who serve our customers both at airports and over the phone, building momentum on our customer-centric journey. With that, I'll pass it over to Andrew to talk about our commercial performance.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks Kate. In the second quarter, PRASM growth accelerated to up 2.5%, which was at the high end of our unit revenue expectations at the start of the quarter. Passenger revenue growth was up 6.1%. Overall, we are pleased with our revenue performance and our ability to successfully work through the headwinds we encountered during the quarter. The growing success of our commercial initiatives helped us navigate a challenging environment and produce strong revenue result regardless. Our best-performing region in the second quarter was Latin America. On our last call, I described the outlook for Latin America as stellar and in fact it was even better than that. Second quarter PRASM increased 9.1%, which is above our early expectations and represents the highest growth for any entity and quarter over the last few years. Demand for our flights is strong across most of the region and we expect continued strong performance in the third quarter, albeit at a more moderate level. Performance across the Pacific also had strong showing in the quarter with a 2.8% increase in PRASM. I have to say the Pacific was maybe our biggest surprise given all the negative trade headlines we saw earlier this year. While China -- the China portion of our Pacific entity did have some volatility in the quarter, we're able to manage other parts of the region to more than offset. Increased collaboration between United and ANA our joint venture partner in the Pacific was a clear driver of this performance. We expect -- expected a negative impact to the Atlantic in the quarter due to a later Easter holiday, where PRASM did inflect versus the first quarter and increased by 0.6%. While the domestic PRASM in the quarter increased 1.9% on a 4.0% increase in capacity, close-in business demand was strong. And it's interesting to note that excluding Hawaii, our domestic PRASM would have been up by 2.5 points in the quarter. This is further evidence that our growth at our Mid-Continent hubs is working. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect our consolidated passenger unit revenue to be up 0.5% to 2.5%. The domestic and Latin environments look positive with strong demand and yield growth. Hawaii which represents 10% of our domestic capacity had a challenging Q2, but the outlook looks better going forward. For the full year of 2019, we expect that overall capacity growth will result in approximately two points less growth than our original plan due to the grounding of the 737 MAX jets and suspension of India flights. By the end of the second quarter, we were short 19 MAX aircraft and the closure of our two India routes represents the equivalent of another 11 737 aircraft, a significant portion of our capacity. We expect the MAX jets to return to flight no earlier than November 3rd. As you're aware, we suspended service to Delhi on April 4th and Mumbai on June 22nd. However, on Monday night this week, we received great news that Pakistan has reopened their airspace. That news came just hours after we decided to push resumption of our India flights to late October. We're excited to relaunch service back to India as soon as possible. Our team has started our resumption of flight procedures and we can now confirm service will resume to both Delhi and Mumbai on September 6 from New York. For 2019, we now expect full year capacity to be up 3% to 4%. We anticipate we'll be able to make some of these lost capacity up next year, but not all of it. Turning to slide 12, we'll continue to focus on our commercial initiatives. Premium Plus currently represents about 2% of our wide-body ASMs, and we expect that to increase to 8% when fully rolled out. RASM gains for flights with Premium Plus range between 4% and 6% after accounting for all buy-ups and buy-downs. Our first set of CRJ-550s are being prepared to enter service later this year with client focus on Chicago and New York. We expect the 550 will begin to close the structural gap with Premium customers that we have in smaller communities across the United States. In 2020, we expect to begin service from New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington to Tokyo's downtown, Haneda Airport complemented and extended upon our existing flight from San Francisco and building on our industry-leading service to Japan. We rolled out our first of our specialized 767-300 with high premium seat counts for service fares in cities -- to fares with unmet business class demand on United. All flights from Newark and Chicago to London Heathrow are scheduled to be operated by this new fleet type later this year followed by Switzerland in 2020. I'd like to give a shout-out to the operations team who worked with the commercial team to develop this unique product, while also permitting approximately half of our remaining 767s to operate in a typical configuration to destinations not needing as many Polaris seats. These aircraft along with the CRJ-550 are two initiatives focused on capitalizing on the high volume of premium demand in our markets. In the second quarter, corporate revenues which was much closer to departure increased 6% consistent with our top line revenue growth. Over the last eight quarters, we've talked about our pipeline of ideas and innovations that drive improved financial results and customer engagement. One of the many ways we measure the success of our initiatives at United is engagement characteristics of new flyers who take three or more trips per year with us. We are pleased to share that new flyers in early 2019 were up 11%, a noticeable increase year-over-year. What's more we see a strong engagement of these new flyers with United across multiple areas including overall travel spend, being a co-brand cardholder and achieving premier status with MileagePlus. Growth among millennial travelers has also been especially strong, which is critical to securing our next-generation of loyal repeat customers. As we put the customers in the center of everything we do, we're encouraged by these results as much as by our financial results and believe this is yet another validation that our strategy is working even when faced with significant headwinds. Thanks to the entire United team for a great second quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon we released our second quarter 2019 earnings and our third quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for additional details. For the highlights slide 14 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 15 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings per share of $4.21 for the second quarter, up 31% versus a year ago. Adjusted pre-tax income was $1.4 billion and adjusted pre-tax margin was 12.4%, up 200 basis points year-over-year and marking the third consecutive quarter of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion. This represents another quarter of solid execution. Slide 16 shows our total unit cost for the second quarter and our forecast for the third quarter and full year 2019. Turning to slide 17. Non-fuel unit cost in the second quarter increased 0.6% on a year-over-year basis. We were able to achieve the midpoint of our guidance as our continuing drive to run more efficient business helped to offset normal inflationary cost pressures and lower capacity than originally planned. With our non-fuel unit cost down 1.8% in the first quarter this means that our non-fuel unit cost for the first half of the year ended down 0.5%. Looking ahead to the rest of the year. The reduction in capacity growth that Andrew discussed together with the timing of certain maintenance events, which moved from the first half of the year to the second half will put some pressure on year-over-year non-fuel unit costs. For the third quarter 2019, we expect non-fuel unit cost to be up 1% to 2% and we expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect full year non-fuel unit cost to be up between 0.5% and 1% as compared to last year, which is higher than our prior guidance. However, essentially all of the year-over-year increase in unit cost, compared to our original plan is driven by the MAX grounding and the suspension of our flights to India. To put this in a broader context, as we enter our planning season for 2020, I am pleased to report that our current expectation is to be able to fully make up for this year's headwind and have 2020 non-fuel unit cost flat to 2017 consistent with our multiyear goal to achieve flatter better non-fuel unit cost. During the quarter, we took delivery of nine new aircraft including two more 787-10 Dreamliners and two additional used A319 aircraft. We also reached an agreement to purchase 19 used Boeing 737-700 aircraft, which we expect will be delivered from December of this year through December 2021. Opportunistic purchases of used aircraft will remain a key part of our fleet strategy. Finally, as you heard last month we announced an incremental order of 20 new Embraer E175 aircraft with deliveries starting mid next year. For the full year 2019, we are now forecasting capital expenditures to be approximately $4.9 billion. While this is slightly higher than our previous guidance this update is being driven largely by non-aircraft CapEx as we continue to find and execute on high-return projects that will continue to enhance shareholder value in the long-term. As you can see on slide 18, we spent $536 million to repurchase shares of our common stock in the second quarter at an average price of $84.07 per share. We remain confident in meeting or exceeding our 2020 adjusted EPS target and in our ability to grow margins in the years to come. As a result our board has authorized a new $3 billion share repurchase program. We will continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchases and this program remains a core component of our capital allocation plan. Lastly, slides 19 and 20 have a summary of our current guidance. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs implies an expected third quarter 2019 adjusted pre-tax margin of between 10% and 12%. As Oscar mentioned earlier, we now expect full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be between $10.50 and $12. Please keep in mind that our guidance always takes into account the risks we naturally face, and we certainly expect to come in at the high end of this range should we not hit any more speed bumps the rest of the year. Despite the limitations we have faced deploying our capacity, our laser focus on cost coupled with our commercial strategy put us well on track to deliver on our financial targets and create long-term value for our shareholders. With that, Mike we'll now begin the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. First we will take questions from the analyst community then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. And the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And from Deutsche Bank we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. Two questions here. Just as it relates to 100 seaters, I think -- and maybe this is to Andrew. I think in the past you've been pretty public saying that maybe 100 seaters still make sense given the size of your hub. And yet you have been inducting a sizable number of A319. I know they're used. There were two this quarter. I realized they're a little bit above 100 seat, but they sort of fall into that call it A220 100 bucket. And now the news is out about flying the used 737-700. And I'm just curious it feels like a little bit of 100 -- or 100 plus seat type strategy on one hand. On the other hand maybe it's just an opportunity to get very cost effective or attractively put a price lift. Your thoughts on that? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: I think the answer is just both of those things. From our perspective, we look carefully at our hubs and concluded that the 100 seater is not the right aircraft for United at this time. But the aircraft you're referring to have about 125 seats. It's a pretty big difference for us and the right niche for our network at this point in time. But I'll let Gerry follow-up on the other part of that question.
Gerry Laderman: No. I think Andrew is right that we've been very opportunistic in sourcing used aircraft. And just like with the 319s that we acquired, it was an attractive transaction that we took advantage of for the 700s.
Michael Linenberg: Great. And then just my second to Andrew. Your -- Asia Pacific as you said, you were pleasantly surprised given the headline and you were even more so surprised just given one of your competitors last week their Asia Pac performance versus yours. You, obviously, have a lot more exposure to China. They called out Japan as being somewhat weak. Did you see weakness there in Japan? Or was it more of a benefit given the move in the FX? What were some of the moving pieces that helped drive that?
Andrew Nocella: Definitely a lot of moving pieces. But I think first and foremost I think it shows that our Pacific entity is just an incredible asset for United Airlines and it's doing very well. Our Japanese performance, Japan's performance last quarter was fine. I wouldn't cite any weakness.
Operator: And from JPMorgan we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning everybody. So a question on capacity. We all recall how the market initially responded in January of last year to the 4% to 6% growth rate. When we start looking towards 2020 and bear with me for a second here the MAX return is going to add over one point of year-on-year upside. There's the incremental 19, 73s which don't appear to have been part of the original plan. You can correct me, if that's not the case. We'll have full year India in there presumably. I mean, it looks like we're setting up for a 2020 growth rate uncomfortably above the longer term 4% to 6%. So I can't quibble with your results to date. But if we neutralize for MAX and India, it does feel like the underlying growth rate is in fact moving higher. So I guess my question is whether that's accurate, and how do you expect to message that to investors to assure us that you've earned the right to grow at what I'm concerned some may view as an egregious growth rate. I'm done.
Gerry Laderman: Jamie, let me start with one detail to correct one of your assumptions which is our
Jamie Baker: Okay.
Gerry Laderman: The used aircraft acquisitions that we've been doing and continue to do is actually part of our base plan. So you shouldn't view that piece as additive.
Scott Kirby: And I guess I would just say Jamie; really there's been no change -- at its core no change to the plan. We've obviously been happy with the success of the growth plan, not just the growth plan, but everything else that's going on here at United all United opportunities in the last couple of years. And as Gerry said in his prepared remarks, we lost a 1.5 or so of capacity to MAX grounding and India and we expect to make up about one point of that this year. So another way of saying all that given the issues that happened with MAX and India is actually that despite -- because of the plan, we sort of expect now 2020 to be about 0.5 point lower than it originally would have been if we not had those issues.
Gerry Laderman: And Jamie, one more point. Keep in mind nobody -- none of Boeing's customers know right now exactly when they're going to get their scheduled MAX deliveries. But one could assume that next -- that we won't fully catch up next year.
Jamie Baker: Okay. That's all very helpful. I guess there are never guarantees in that -- in the business, but does that assure us pretty comfortably that we'll be under -- at or under 6% for next year? Or is it too early to tell?
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, it's Andrew. It's too early to tell. We haven't put together our plan for next year. We haven't -- we really don't have a delivery plan from Boeing as Gerry just said. So we'll be doing that over the next few months to understand where we are for next year.
Jamie Baker: Okay. And then a quick follow-up for Oscar. I trust you saw the CSX one this morning. I hope you don't mind me asking your opinion, not as it relates to CSX per se, but it seems like there's this growing trove of data suggesting a more challenging domestic economy. And meanwhile, United and in fairness your competitors as well are seeing something different something better. You're seeing firming trends. So I'm wondering, what do you think is driving this dichotomy between sort of what the non-airline industrial economy is seeing and the airline economy is seeing. Because it's been going on longer than the usual lag that exists between passenger demand trends and underlying economic trends. I think it's a very encouraging observation. I just wanted to hear your opinion about it in light -- yes, CSX is what got me thinking about it.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. No. Listen I still follow that business a little and understand it well as well. As I listened to the results -- and it will be interesting to see how the whole sector speaks about this, because as I look at CSX as an individual name, first and foremost, every time we want to use the economy as a reason why things aren't working, you have to be very careful when you go there. I think if you think about the tariff issues and the trade issues that we've all been facing, I think there's some inventory buildup that you had over prior years that you're having sort of resurface year-over-year. But as I look at some of the components inside CSX, I mean, natural gas being lower, they had a refinery explosion that impacted their business, they changed some stuff in intermodal lanes and other revenues are moving. I think there's a lot of moving pieces that I think have to be thought through and analyzed before we use the economy. And when it switches back to us, I think you're seeing our comfort in what we see domestically in our business in the near term and our confidence in putting a full year guide lift. And so it's a different industry. And I think there are a lot of moving parts that you have to analyze through before making a final decision.
Operator: And from Vertical Research, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Good morning guys. Thanks for the time. Scott or Gerry or Andrew, I'm not sure who is best prepared to this question. But I think when you initially rolled out the longer-term plan that Jamie just referenced back in early 2018, the CRJ-550 wasn't a part of that plan. And so now we've had this aircraft come in to the plan that presumably and I think correct me if I'm wrong should have -- should probably have better revenue better unit revenue economics than certainly the mainline fleet, but probably also relative to a 76-seat regional jet that you might have contemplated at the time, but probably has worse unit cost economics, because you have fewer seats. Plus I think you just said that you've taken about 50 basis points out of your 2020 capacity plan and yet you have held your CASM-ex guidance at least for the three-year period. So what are the things that have gotten better to offset the pressure from these other items? And then also, if you could just provide a little bit of color around what exactly you think the revenue economics of this aircraft may look like relative to the 76 seaters that you've been adding?
Gerry Laderman: Hey. It's Gerry. I'll start. And then Andrew will talk about the revenue side. Look on the cost side, first of all, in the overall scheme of the business, the 550 is not that large a number. But more importantly, just generally, what gives us comfort that we're going to hit our CASM target for next year are the things that we've been continuing to do, better asset efficiency that comes from better utilization of our gates for example. It will come from some upgauging more in the mainline on the regional side things like that. We continue to make technology investments that increase efficiency. And yeah we're very focused on overhead. As we grow the business -- overhead will not grow as quickly as we're growing the business. And a good example is next year will be our second year in a row that our M&A salary dollars will be flat year-over-year. And probably most importantly is -- and I've really seen this evolution over time that this sort of cost control culture is really part of the way everybody thinks. And as we're going to the planning process for next year, we see that throughout the organization. But I'll let Andrew comment on the revenue side.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Gerry. I would echo -- first of all, it's 54, 50-seat aircraft that is not a large number of aircraft to kind of move the overall dial at United. And then the second point in terms of the revenue premium, we plan next year a single and dual class regional jets across the entire network today on the same routes. So we have a very, very specific and good idea of how much premium revenue can be generated on a flight in any of the regional market, because there's other flights in that market that in fact do have a dual class aircraft. So there is a premium to be had. Many of our competitors get it more often than we do. And starting later this year and next year, we will get it as well. So we're pretty happy with this decision. And as I said in my earlier comments, getting our structural disadvantage in smaller communities fixed is a priority. It also relates to our Mid-Continent hub strategy, which is working very well. So we're excited to see the 550 into service and what it's going do to us.
Operator: From Buckingham Research we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Yes. Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Gerry, going back to your commentary, about the goal being to hit the high end of the guidance this year, what has to change for that to happen? And, I guess, I'm thinking is it perhaps nothing? I mean, demand seems to be very strong right now. Is it just a continuation of current trends? I guess, just knowing you, my knee-jerk reaction is that, you're thinking of the layup, but I'm just wondering if you can perhaps provide more perspective around that.
Gerry Laderman: What I tried to say in my comment was that, look, I for one tend to be a little more conservative maybe than others, but that's my role. But I am even comfortable that assuming no additional speed bumps -- and you know as well as anybody, over time things can happen in this business. But let's assume, no more surprises, I'm comfortable we're going to beat the high end of our range.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. Second question, here. I'm wondering if you can talk about the inefficiency in the overhead today from the MAX grounding. And, perhaps, there is some surplus headcount right now from -- and then from a practical perspective, how quickly could you get the grounded aircraft back into the network? Is that something that could happen real-time, yet, in the fourth quarter? Or in practicality, would it be sometime next year?
Scott Kirby: So, first, we're as anxious as anyone to get the airplane -- to get the MAX safely back in the air. But safety is the number one priority. And we agree that we should take as much time as required to ensure the safety of the airplane and help build consumer confidence in the airplane when it comes back as well. As to timing, the long pole in the tent for us is really about how long in advance we have to sell ticket. Our ops team is prepared and they can get the airplanes do the required maintenance checks and everything that's required operationally to get the airplanes back, much quicker than we're going to want to fly them just because of being able to sell tickets. So today we've got the MAX scheduled through and up flying until November 3. And so, even if we found out in the short term that the MAX was available to fly earlier than that, something we don't think will happen, but even if we did, we wouldn't fly it until November 3, because we wouldn't have had time to sell tickets. And so that's really going to be the long pole in the tent for us. If you look at India, for example, we technically could start flying to India tomorrow. But we're not going to start flying -- we restart India until September not for operational reasons as much as, because we need some time to sell tickets on the flights. So that's really what drives it. From a cost perspective, yes, we have some higher costs that we are carrying through and you can see it in the CASM guidance that Gerry talked about. But we look forward to getting the MAX back to flying safely and get everything back on track. And we expect, as Gerry said, next year to be able to make up for all those costs. Essentially, it's a one-time cost that happened this year that we'll recover next year.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hi, everybody. Good morning. Thank you. This is a question for Scott and it's a little bit of a follow-up to Darryl's question. Back in January 2018, I think, you said, you're going to track progress of the Mid-Continental hub changes over four dimensions. You mentioned hub scale, connectivity, revenue quality and asset efficiency. I'm curious; Scott, where you think you're actually beating the plan and where you think you might be lagging it a bit. Thanks.
Scott Kirby: So, we do track metrics like that and others that we've added really closely. Really across the board, I'd say, by and large, we're beating the plan. It is -- you could see it in our overall numbers in our overall metrics. Hopefully, you can hear it and are confident about earnings this year about where we're headed for next year. There have been, I guess, tactical issues along the way of doing -- dealing with airport infrastructure. Houston is a good example where we have a $365 million project replacing the baggage system, kind of, impetus kind of infrastructure we've been working extensively with Denver on accommodating growth, new facilities coming here in Chicago in the years to come. So I'd say the plan is on track to slightly ahead of plan, really almost across the board on all those metrics. An important part of it is getting customer loyalty as well and we have all kinds of data that shows that we are winning customer loyalty. We're incredibly focused on it. I talked today in my opening remarks about some of the investments that we're making for the customer. And it's kind of a snowball effect that as things are working, I guess, it's not just the network, it's not just the commercial operations, we're running a good operation, we're delivering better customer service, this kind of all gets better together and creates the resources to invest even more in the operation and the customer. So we feel really good, kind of, on all those dimensions about how the plan is coming together.
Hunter Keay: All right. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Scott, if I could just add. First of all, we've been saying, our PRASM growth domestically is where we want it to be and I think reflects the success of the Mid-Continent growth strategy. And then, internally, when we look at the profitability of the hubs, we know we're on the right track.
Operator: From Credit Suisse we have Joe Caiado. Please go ahead.
Joe Caiado: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Following up from an earlier question, I think, it was Dan's question on the MAX. Just based on your conversations with the manufacturer with regulators throughout this process and in light of the most recent developments in the recertification efforts, the news over the last few weeks that there may be some incremental issues that need to be addressed, do you think that there is now a higher likelihood of mandatory simulator training? And if so, what would that do to the time line for making the aircraft ready for flight once you officially get the green light from regulators?
Scott Kirby: We're not going to speculate on that. We've stayed very close to the regulators. We've also done independent work at United. And in fact we have already started incorporating enhanced simulator training into our own training programs, not just for the MAX, but for all aircraft. One of the great things about the safety culture in the airline industry is that we are constantly learning and getting better. We do have unprecedented levels of safety in the airline industry. And we take every opportunity to learn and get better and so we aren't just waiting on a regulatory framework. We will, of course, meet anything that is in the regulatory framework, but we expect we already are beginning to go beyond what we would expect from that regulatory framework.
Oscar Munoz: I would just add to that, Joe. Traditionally, we always go above and beyond the training that's required, so we will continue to do that on whatever base that's introduced to us.
Joe Caiado: Got it. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then, just sticking with the fleet question for my follow-up. Scott or Gerry, I believe, the next one or certainly one of the next fleet decisions that you have to make is your 057 and 67 replacement plans. Airbus launched some products in that market segment at the Paris Air Show. Boeing understandably right now is all consumed with the MAX situation. I'm sure you'd like to see the official competitive response from them before you make a decision. But if it's now looking like the NMA launches slipping to the right a bit, maybe the target EIS date of mid-2020s also slips to the right a bit. I guess the question is, how long can you afford to wait before you make a decision there?
Gerry Laderman: So we have some time. But you're right, we would like to see some clarity so that we can make the choice. But we do have a little bit of time that we can wait.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. And thank you very much for the time. I have a question for you Oscar. I think in September, you'll be with the airline for four years now. And I was just kind of wondering, if you could talk a little bit about the differences that you see now versus then when you first came on as CEO and how that will translate into kind of the outlook for 2020 and maybe into the next decade?
Oscar Munoz: What a great set of questions. The differences are literally night and day. We all couldn't be more proud of the pride and professionalism and reenergized efforts of our frontline folks and people that treat our customers. And as importantly, we have many constituents obviously with U.S. investors. The team that is assembled in front of you today on this call and for the last couple of years is arguably one of the best in the industry. And they're all relatively young and energetic, and full of confidence, and vim and vigor and I see just continued great aspects. We are putting our long-term plan together as we speak and there's a lot of energy and momentum that we look forward to sharing with you in the future. But thanks Helane. It's a very different place for sure.
Helane Becker: Thanks, Oscar.
Operator: And from Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay with a follow-up. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Sorry. My line dropped. My follow-up was about Expedia real quick. I'm curious to your take on whether or not this relationship can be fixed by pricing concessions. Or is there a longer-term strategic angle on distribution here that you think maybe justifies some near-term risk-taking? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Hunter, it's Andrew. I think it's a really good question and we are  when we do these deals we think about the various long-term and where we want United, where we want our distribution to be. We have had a number of conversations with Expedia in the past month or so, and we've yet to be able to conclude a way to get around some of these issues. And at this point, we don't have a deal. So we are preparing to move on as we previously said, and we'll see where we go. But the long-term distribution and what we're doing with united.com, which we're incredibly excited about and the growing use of our app, which is off the charts is pretty impressive to us. And we're excited about it.
Hunter Keay: All right. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: From Raymond James we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Hey, good morning. Just on the  just a quick follow-up before my question. On the domestic last time you mentioned kind of third quarter should be up. Wondering, if that means kind of Atlantic and Pacific, how you're thinking about it maybe that it could be down or maybe I missed comments on that?
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. It's Andrew talking. As we look at the environment, we clearly see a great deal of trend in LatAm, and domestically as we did in Q2, so we're pretty excited about that. What I'd say as we look at Europe last summer and particularly last August, our performance to  across the Atlantic was just unbelievably great and that's created a hard comp. And across Pacific, our performance in both August and September was really good, which has created a hard comp. So overall, I think we're pretty pleased where things stand, particularly when we look on a year over two year basis. But the absolute number for the Pacific and the Atlantic will be lower given last year's comps and where things stand right now. But overall, I think we're pretty bullish about the environment in general and particularly here within the United States.
Savi Syth: That's helpful. Thank you. And just someone asked on the Avianca investments and kind of the changes going there. Just I was wondering where your kind of updated view on that strategic relationship was and also particularly on the three-way joint venture that you're looking to put together. Is this  is the turnaround that Avianca is working on if this kind of delays that JV discussion?
Gerry Laderman: So Savi let me start, so I can comment on kind of what's going on down there. First, we have a great deal of respect for the management team they now have in place and things that  the plan they have both short-term as well as longer term is exactly what they should be doing. And in fact, if they get through the short-term plan, we said we're going  we're willing to make an additional investment through a loan to the airline. So, very optimistic about what they have going on. I'll let Andrew comment on the  or Scott on the joint venture.
Andrew Nocella: On the joint venture, we continue to work down that path. We're really excited to bring together our network along with Copa's and Avianca's. We think it's going to be a powerful alliance that can help us compete against the other large carriers in the region, so full speed ahead on that front.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time. I guess a revenue question for Scott and Andrew. As you look at your guide for the full year and think about the fourth quarter in particular is there anything that we should be aware of as far as headwind whether it's something around Expedia or a calendar dynamic or demand or anything like that? Just trying to make sure that there isn't some sort of notable decline or anything like that? And then relating to that Scott, are you still generally targeting positive PRASM? And that's it on the revenue side.
Scott Kirby: So there's nothing contemplated in the guide that it would be kind of negative. I guess, we didn't give fourth quarter PRASM guidance, but I guess you're backing into numbers based on the midpoint of our guidance. And I think, I'll just refer you to what Gerry said, which is where  we've had seven quarters in a row of being at the midpoint of our guidance. We contemplate unexpected speed bumps when we give guidance particularly the further out it is. And if we don't hit speed bumps, we do expect to be at the as Gerry said at the high-end of our earnings, which obviously changes probably what you think about our implied PRASM guide. So I don't think that  you shouldn't be reading anything into what  commentary about fourth quarter PRASM or any unidentified risk in our number.
Mike Leskinen: Hey, Rajeev, this is Mike. Listen, we give one quarter guidance out not two quarters, and so I used to do the nerdy analyst math as well and take the full year minus the 3Q, that  you shouldn't be doing that. If you do that, you're going to come to the wrong conclusion.
Rajeev Lalwani: Yep. Understood. Thanks for calling me a nerd, but as a follow on  
Scott Kirby: To be clear that was Leskinen not me.
Rajeev Lalwani: All right. A question for you Gerry actually on the CASM side, I appreciate the comment you made about hitting the targets you've laid out previously. But is it fair to assume that, if we don't have a pilot deal in place that you should do even better than the numbers that you highlighted earlier?
Gerry Laderman: I don't want to be too specific about it, but one thing I need to remind everybody is that, our CASM guidance takes into account everything we have going on with our work groups.
Scott Kirby: Can I just add? We hope and expect that we're going to be able to get the deal done. We are working towards it and making progress.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So, Scott I think each quarter since you put out your three-year plan both the management team and the market has gotten more comfortable with your $11 to $13 EPS target next year. And I guess, if Gerry's confidence comes through that's kind of the number that we'll be seeing this year. So, I'm not asking for another three-year plan today, but can you maybe help us frame, how you think about the earnings trajectory for United beyond 2020 and maybe any headwinds, tailwinds that you see in the business outside of the macro? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Well, we actually kind of internally have a framework not as well defined yet as what we did for the 2020 where we think we can have flat CASM for several years to come, by CASM-ex and expect that we can grow RASM 0.5 point to one point higher than the -- over the time -- over the increase in fuel prices. It's another way of saying internally we are driving towards a goal of growing our margins by 0.5 point to one point per year.
Andrew Didora: Thank you. And then just a logistical question for you Scott or maybe if Greg is there. So, with the MAX, I know you have aircraft that you were supposed to be taking and will be taking in the back half of 2017. So, when the plane does get back up and running, how quickly can your team begin taking delivery of the aircraft? Is this something where you're limited to a few aircraft a month or something like that? Just trying to get a sense of if Boeing wants to give you all your aircraft immediately, how quickly can you take them? Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: We will be able to take the aircraft as quickly as Boeing can make them available to us. We, in the past, during peak months taken seven to eight aircraft a month easily. So, the constraint won't be on our end. We'll take whatever Boeing is able to deliver to us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Reuters, we have Tracy Rucinski. Please go ahead.
Tracy Rucinski: Hi, good morning. You mentioned earlier, I think moving the timing of maintenance events from the first half to the second half. And in your last statement about MAX scheduling, you said, you expect to go from about 40 to 45 daily cancellations in July as a result of the grounding to about 90 in October. Is this doubling because maintenance events are catching up with you? And if so, is there any color that you can provide on that?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, it's Andrew speaking. The fleet count of MAXes was scheduled to increase over that time period. So, when the MAX was originally grounded, I think we had a dozen or so aircraft. But by the time we get into the late third quarter and definitely to the fourth quarter, the number of aircraft we intend to be flying is higher and therefore the cancellation rate is dramatically higher.
Scott Kirby: I just want to clarify on cancellations. It's not a cancellation that the customer experiences that's a cancellation. It's just flying that we're not able to load in the schedule. And I think that's an important distinction. We're not canceling 40 to 45 flights a day nor we will be canceling 19 flights a day. We just have the lost opportunity for 19 flights that we would have otherwise grown and flown that now we can't grow and fly.
Tracy Rucinski: So, I understand that and yet it's the same situation for Southwest and American. They were also accepting additional deliveries this year and yet they're -- as you described it the flights that they're not able to load on the schedule have stayed pretty much the same. I know, at the beginning of the grounding, you were using larger aircraft to fly those MAX routes and I'm still struggling to understand what has changed for United versus American and Southwest?
Scott Kirby: Well I'm not sure that they've given numbers, but it's really simple. We have twice as many airplanes. We should have twice as many MAX airplanes by October as we would have had back in April or May and so the number of flights that you're able to fly is twice of that. It's very simple.
Operator: And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Yes, hi, thanks for the time today. I wanted to go back to the question about the Airbus product and the NMA and Gerry said you had some time on that decision. And I was just hoping to get a little bit more clarity on what sort of timing United needs on when that decision needs to be made and whether you've talked to Boeing about when they may have some greater detail for you about their product?
Gerry Laderman: I can't actually be more precise other than to say, we have a little time. But, I can also tell you that we as we always do have conversations with both manufacturers about their products. And Boeing is aware and it's really not just us they are aware that the industry is wanting to know timing on the NMA.
Justin Bachman: Great, thank you.
Operator: From The Associated Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: Hello. I'm sorry if I was muted there for a second. This was addressed a little bit and I'm trying to juggle too many things. This was addressed a little bit on the analyst section kind of some disparate answers. Just to go back to those 19 used airplanes that there was one line in the release last night. Were those 19 737-700 you bought entirely related to the grounding of the MAX? And if not, can you describe when you decided to buy those planes and to what extent they are a makeup for the MAX?
Gerry Laderman: Sure. It's Gerry. They are entirely unrelated to the MAX grounding actually. And that specific transaction we were talking to the seller well before the grounding started. These transactions tend to take a little bit of time. This was really just part of our ongoing effort to acquire used aircraft to complement our new aircraft order book. It provides us greater flexibility, the ability to grow at a lower capital cost. When you think about 19 used aircraft versus 19 new aircraft, it's hundreds of millions of dollars of CapEx savings and gives us greater flexibility. So, that's -- it's really just a continuation of that process that we started a number of years ago.
David Koenig: Okay. Thanks so much. And are you thinking about leasing or buying any planes to make up for the MAX?
Gerry Laderman: Again, it's really not so much to the MAX, but we have the network strategy. And it's our job to make sure we have the aircraft to fly that -- what the network demands.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Mike Leskinen: Great. Thanks very much. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2019. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open-up the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call maybe recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mike Leskinen, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning we issued a presentation accompanying this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and our remarks made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the team in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike and my thanks to all of you for joining us today. With the tailwind of an outstanding 2018 at our back United came right out of the gate in the first quarter of 2019 with strong unit revenue growth, effective cost management, and a second consecutive quarter of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion, an emerging trend we expect to continue. Now running an efficient airline is precisely what has allowed us to make a series of industry-leading investments this quarter that are increasingly making United the airline people choose to fly. But first, let's turn to slide 4. As the financial results this quarter affirm, clearly our strategy is working. First quarter adjusted pre-tax earnings were $389 million with an adjusted pre-tax margin of 4.1%, an increase of more than 200 basis points year-over-year, and the best first quarter we've had in three years. We more than doubled our first quarter earnings per share year-over-year. So this puts us well on track to achieve our 2019 adjusted EPS targets of $10 to $12 and gives us confidence that we will meet, or exceed our 2020 adjusted EPS goals. From an operational perspective, this was not an easy quarter especially when we consider the harsh winter weather, the MAX grounding, and several other events that Greg will cover later. So I want to thank our employees for their hard work and demonstrating once again the proof not promises mentality you've heard us talk so much about. By combining this impressive operational performance and making smart investments in customer service, we've been able to elevate our customers experience in tangible ways, while strategically managing our costs. Here are just a few examples of the customer benefits we unveiled in the last few months. First, we made the United app even better. We debut a new version of the most downloaded airline app in the world by making it more intuitive and a more personalized resource for our customers. Second, more than 100 channels of live television are now free for every customer in every class of service on more than 200 United aircraft. Third, on the fleet, we announced the two-cabin 50-seat Bombardier CRJ-550 aircraft. When it is launched later this year, it will be a game changer for regional flying for our offering of first-class cabin, Economy Plus seating, WiFi and more amenities that any other 50-seat regional aircraft offering today. This regional aircraft innovation will benefit in particular our customers in spoke cities, who can enjoy more consistent product when connecting through our hubs to travel internationally. In addition, we announced a significant expansion of our premium offering by adding an additional 1,600 United Polaris business class and United first seats, which means more than 100 United aircraft will see a premium capacity increase by 50% or more. Fourth, we continue to grow our network to better serve our customers. We announced earlier this week that United is returning to Africa applying to wide service between Newark/New York and Cape Town, South Africa. And last month, we unveiled our plan to ramp-up our service to Asia and launched six daily non-stop flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport. Our success this quarter demonstrates our strategy to grow our airline, invest in our customer service and effectively manage our costs is working. And it's inspiring our workforce, it's winning over our customers, and it's delivering for our investors. Our momentum is fully starting to build and our future is really as bright as ever. So, now let me hand it over to Scott for his take on the quarter and to discuss several uniquely United opportunities that we'll be rolling immediately, but over the long-term will have a significant and positive impact on our airline and our customers. These opportunities have bigger upside potential for us than any of our competitors and we're determined to make the most of it. Scott?
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Oscar. It's great to have everyone on the call today. We started 2019 with fantastic momentum here at United. While we faced some external headwinds this quarter, our team did an exceptional job covering the operation and minimizing the impact on our customers, while still achieving earnings above midpoint of our adjusted pre-tax margin guidance. Given the extraordinary efforts of the United team to care for customers this quarter, Greg is going to take some time to talk more about what the team accomplished operationally. Last year, we were executing well. And because we faced few external headwinds other than high fuel prices, we were able to raise our adjusted EPS guidance every quarter. We continued executing well this quarter. And even as we faced an unusual number of exogenous events, we remained on track to deliver for both our customers and our shareholders. We believe successfully managing through a more trying quarter like the one we just had is an even better proof point of the strong path United is on. We have a responsibility to overcome adversity without making excuses and we did just that this year  we did just that last year with higher fuel prices and we're doing the same in 2019. In the first quarter, we were pleased with our revenue performance and cost management, and expect to lead our peers in year-over-year pre-tax margin expansion. By continuing to run the airline more efficiently, we're able to invest in the business and still effectively manage cost, and we've done just that. Meeting or exceeding our adjusted earnings per share target is the foundation upon which our strategic plan is built. It's precisely what allows us to invest in our product and improve the customer experience. We're striving to up our game and consistently deliver customer service based on our core four principle safe, caring, dependable and efficient. We continue our commitment to building a culture based on customer centricity. There are backstage events, where over the course of this year, we're gathering all 25,000 of our flight attendants near our headquarters in downtown Chicago. That's 34 separate two-day events with about 800 flight attendants at each one. In a series of interactive sessions and workshops, our in-flight crews are focusing on the central ethos of caring service, to elevate the way our customers feel about their United experience. A second opportunity, vividly illustrates how we're leveraging technology to deliver on the promise of caring for customers. We're pioneering the implementation of new technology called dynamic departure, which empowers frontline employees; real-time data they need to make an informed decision on whether to hold a flight for customers rushing to a connecting flight. This technology identifies flights for connecting customers, who will be arriving a little late, where we have the opportunity to make up time in flight, still arrive on time and wait for the connecting customer instead of closing the door and miss connecting them. We've been testing this in Denver and we expect to save hundreds of connecting customers per day when fully rolled out. Dynamic departure is great at caring for our customers, but it's also another example of how our team is innovating and testing new technology to constantly make United better. Finally, with respect to our MileagePlus program, we know some of us from prior personal experience that this is one of our single biggest margin growth opportunity, and therefore, one of the company's and my personal top priorities. There are many aspects of the program, we're very proud of. However, it remains true that the co-brand component of our program underperforms relative to our peers, and this disparity only widened after recent announcements. Fortunately, United has hubs in the largest and highest income cities, which gives United and Chase the most opportunity for a co-brand card anywhere in the world. We're negotiating with Chase on the opportunities for improved economics for our card partnership, to ensure that our deal delivers industry competitive value to all of our stakeholders. We look forward to moving ahead with these discussions privately, which means we cannot answer questions about the status of our deal with Chase or any related negotiations today. However, it's worth noting that our full year 2019 and 2020 adjusted EPS guidance does not include any assumptions regarding benefits from a new co-brand agreement, so the current negotiations are only upside to our existing guidance. Our success in the first quarter gives us confidence that we'll continue the momentum of 2018 into 2019, as we move into the second half -- the second year of our strategic plan. While it is nice to be able to raise adjusted EPS guidance the past several quarters in light of the MAX grounding and uncertainty around the duration, we feel it's best to simply affirm our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance at this time. With this  that, I'll turn it over to Greg to talk about incredible things the United team did to take care of our customers this quarter.
Greg Hart: Thanks Scott. As Oscar and Scott already mentioned, we faced a number of unexpected events in the quarter. We are particularly proud of the dedication of over 93,000 employees who worked through these challenges and went through extraordinary lengths to care for our customers. In addition to hub-closing weather events like the polar vortex in Chicago or the winter storm in Denver, we overcame a unique operational event in each month of the quarter. First, we started the quarter off in January with the government shutdown. Then in February, our flights to India, which represent 1.2% of our capacity were impacted by the closure of the Pakistani airspace. The closure required us to stage crews and refuel in Germany in order to continue operating the flights. The team has worked hard to find a solution for our Mumbai flight. But unfortunately, we have had to suspend the service to Delhi through July 2 in order to minimize the disservice to our customers. On March 13, the FAA announced a decision to ground the MAX aircraft. We have 14 of this aircraft in our fleet. This represents about 1.4% of our capacity, which means that the grounding has only had a modest operational impact on the airline thus far, but that impact grows the longer the grounding lasts. But we have been focused on caring for those customers whose travel plans were impacted. We adjusted schedules and even upgauged some routes with 777s or 787s like San Francisco to Maui and Houston to Los Angeles. These solutions costs us money in the short-term, but was clearly the right thing to do for our customers and the right thing to do for the airline over the long-term. Making these kinds of adjustments gets much harder during the busy summer travel season, when among other things, aircraft utilization and load factors are higher. So yesterday, we announced that we hold the MAX aircraft out of our schedule through early July. Since no one knows when regulators will complete their review of the MAX, we'll be focused on two priorities. First, we'll continue to take extraordinary steps to care for our customers and mitigate the impact of this change on their travel plans. Second, we'll cooperate fully with the regulators as they conduct their own independent assessment of the aircraft's safety. For more than 90 years, the safety of our customers and employees at United has come first. That's why we don't -- won't put our customers and employees on that plane until that independent assessment is complete. We take a lot of pride at United in running a great operation. Despite all of the headwinds in the quarter, we ran an operation we can all be proud of. In fact, in our largest hubs with major hub competitors Chicago, Denver and San Francisco we once again ran the best operation of all the hub operators. These outstanding results are a testament to the hard work of our employees and the airline's ability to be nimble and adjust to an environment that is always changing. The success of our operation enabled the strong revenue results that Andrew will now go into in more detail.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks Greg. The quarter got off to a great start with strong business and leisure demand with PRASM up 1.1% for the period and top line passenger revenue growth of 7.1%. Overall, we're very pleased with our revenue performance given the uncertainties we faced earlier this year. The continued success of our commercial initiatives helped us achieve this strong passenger revenue performance and our ancillary revenues were up 13% or up high teens. Our best-performing entity for the first quarter was the Pacific. First quarter PRASM increased 4.5%, which was above our early expectations and represents our fourth consecutive quarter of robust PRASM growth. Demand for our flights was strong across the region and we expect continued strong performance for the second quarter albeit at more moderate levels. Latin America is strong shown in the quarter as well with 2.6% increase in RASM. We expect even stronger performance in the second quarter across most of the region, in part due to the shift of Easter creating a very strong April. Brazil PRASM is also expected to turn positive for the first time since the second quarter of 2018, while Argentina continues to look negative. We anticipated a challenging first quarter for the Atlantic. PRASM decreased by 2.8% entirely driven by weak main cabin pricing. The front cabin however continued to do well. In the second quarter, we expect a significant inflection in economy cabin yields in May with healthy demand for both cabins. Europe for the quarter looks strong, but due to the Easter shift comps will be difficult in April. Our domestic PRASM in the quarter increased by 0.6% on a 7.4% increase in capacity. The first quarter will be our highest capacity growth quarter of the year and we're very pleased with the results. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect our consolidated passenger unit revenue to be up 0.5% to 2.5% year-over-year. The unit revenue is in line with our expectations when we set our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance. Turning to slide 12. We continue to focus on commercial initiatives capitalize on all the opportunities of our network. As Scott mentioned before, we're encouraged by the long-term potential of our co-brand agreement. Close to end, we just posted the strongest first quarter of new card account acquisitions we have seen in the past five years continuing our trend of double-digit quarter-on-quarter growth. But as Scott has already outlined, we remain focused on the future and we're recently reminded of the significant upside that will be available to United as we look forward. We efficiently flew our first flight on a Premium Plus aircraft to Tokyo in early April. We expect Premium Plus will have a negligible impact on revenues for 2019, but is expected to be far more impactful in 2020 and thereafter when fully filled up. We remain optimistic on the impact as we continue to see average yields for Premium Plus at more than two times of coach yields and paid load factors are expected to be above 70%. The structural gap we have long been challenged to fill has been our premium seating in smaller communities across the United States. As Oscar mentioned earlier, in the quarter, we announced the introduction of CRJ-550 that is scheduled to join the fleet between this fall and June of 2020 when we focus on short-haul business markets. Polaris seat installations continue to be on pace to be finished in late 2020 and our sixth planned Polaris lounge at Washington Dulles will open in 2020 as well. We continue to focus on using our RM system Gemini. Yet again, in the first quarter, we held more seats to be billed later in the booking curve. Saving seats to sell closer to departure date is possible due to the efforts of our sales force. In the quarter, corporate revenues which booked much closer to departure increased 13% well above our top line revenue growth. As planned our Denver schedule is re-banked this mid-February. The recent capacity we have added leading up to the re-bank in Denver has been absorbed well by the market and successful at the outset. We're optimistic about the changes, which increase connections as well as improve flight timings for our customers. With Denver re-banks we have completed all of our mid-continent hub restructures. And in the first quarter all three hubs posted positive unit revenues and had year-over-year margin expansion. MileagePlus won the best frequent flyer program award from FlyerTalk. We consider this one to be pretty significant as this award is given to us directly from all flyers. We're committed to winning again next year. We recently announced that we'll be weighting for the same award booking fees, together with removing the award chart, so we can more accurately match award supply with member demand through dynamic pricing for award redemptions. As part of our commitment to continuously upgrading our MileagePlus member experience, we now instantly post miles to accounts as soon as a flight pull into the gate. We continue to expand basic economy as well through more flights and more booking classes. We are also experimenting when increasing the buy-up amount from Basic to standard economy. As of now, buy-up rates continue to be stable, even on higher buy-up costs. Earlier this week, we announced the introduction of service to Cape Town, South Africa for late 2019 and now we're just weeks away from launching Prague, Czech Republic and Naples, Italy. We're thrilled to announce the addition of Africa to our global route offering. While, we are focused on building our mid-continent activity in the coming years, we remain excited about the international potential of the United network for the long term. The work we're doing to strengthen our domestic network enables the new international routes like the ones I just mentioned. In closing, we continue to feel really good about the plan we announced in January 2018 is working well. We're on track to achieve the adjusted earnings per share targets we outlined as well as the pre-tax margin expansion in 2019. Thanks to the entire United team for a strong first quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Gerry to discuss our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon, we released our first quarter 2019 earnings and our second quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for additional detail. For the highlights, slide 14 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 15 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings per share of $1.15 for the first quarter, up 135% versus a year ago. Adjusted pre-tax income was $389 million and adjusted pre-tax margin was 4.1%, up more than 200 basis points year-over-year and marking the second consecutive quarter of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion. We are all very proud of these results. Slide 16 shows our total unit cost for the first quarter and our forecast for the second quarter and full year 2019. Turning to slide 17. Non-fuel unit cost in the first quarter decreased 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. This was a great result, driven by a combination of continued cost discipline, better completion and timing of expenses over the course of the year. For the second quarter 2019, we expect non-fuel unit cost to be flat to up 1%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, a CASM headwind we face is driven by the reduced flying, caused by the grounding of the MAX aircraft and temporary suspension of our flights to Delhi, which currently combined represents about 2% of our capacity. With respect to the MAX, we currently have 17 of the -- we currently have 14 of these aircraft in our fleet, with five more scheduled for delivery in the second quarter and 11 more scheduled for delivery in the third quarter. While the financial impact of the MAX grounding and temporary suspension of service to Delhi has been modest, the longer these events last the greater the impact on ASMs and CASM. Based on our current assumption that the MAX aircraft will remain out of our schedule until at least early July and our flight to Delhi will remain suspended through July 2, we have reduced our full year capacity guidance to up 4% to 5%. Due to the changing capacity we've also revised our full year CASM-ex guidance to be around flat year-over-year. Our ability to achieve better-than-flat CASM-ex this year will be negatively impacted if the MAX aircraft remain out of service or flights to Delhi remain suspended longer than our current assumption, but we remain confident in our full year EPS guidance. As you can see on slide 18, we spent $527 million to repurchase shares of our common stock in the first quarter at an average price of $83.68 per share. As of the end of the first quarter we have approximately $1.2 billion left in our repurchase authority and plan to continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchases. During the quarter, we took delivery of eight new aircraft. We also purchased five mainline aircraft and 16 regional aircraft off-lease. These aircraft purchases, in conjunction with continued investments in the business, drive our 2019 adjusted CapEx outlook of $4.7 billion. Lastly, slide 19 has a summary of our current guidance, including the second quarter's projected fuel price range using the April 11 curve. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs implies the second quarter 2019 adjusted pre-tax margin between 11% and 13%. We continue to expect full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be between $10 and $12. We are pleased with our results in the first quarter of 2019 and remain confident in our ability to continue to execute on our growth plan. We are managing the business to maximize earnings and continue to be focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. With that, Mike will now begin the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Gerry. First, we'll take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Vanessa, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first we have from Stifel, Joe DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joe DeNardi: Yes, yes. Good morning. Scott, you mentioned on earnings call in 2017 that you thought the margin headwind from United's card economics were about 1 point to 1.5 point. Based on Delta's recent deal, it seems like the economics they got may be improved by 10% or so, so that would imply maybe your margin deficit is closer to 2 points now. Would you disagree with that math?
Scott Kirby: So as we said, we think this is a significant opportunity. We're not going to proactively affirm what the number is and the size of the opportunity, but we certainly would disagree with your analysis on the potential opportunity.
Joe DeNardi: Okay. And then, just kind of higher level, Scott, as you think about the earnings potential from the card, United is a little bit -- quite a bit smaller for now at least, in terms of passengers versus Delta and American. So how do we reconcile that with what your card economics could be eventually? Do you have better card penetration? Is your spend per card higher? Like, why do you guys get market rate economics as a smaller airline? And then, just, Scott, you mentioned that you're in negotiations with Chase now. Is that a change like you're formally in negotiations? Or have you been in negotiations for a little while now? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Well, firstly, we're not going to talk about the negotiations. We certainly have a lot of tough conversations about Chase to start. Look, first, I think it is fair to describe the opportunity. And while our number of passengers is smaller, if you look at our revenues, it's essentially the same, which is indicative of the fact that United is in the best market with hubs in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Houston, Denver, San Francisco and Los Angeles. I think there's no question that we have the best set of markets and the best potential for cards for total spend. Great markets with high incomes, it is -- they are the premier markets with a premium card demand. And I think there's no question that we have the most potential. The issue is around realizing that with Chase and we are working hard with them. We are in discussions with them. Those have been ongoing and hopefully got a little bit of octane boost from the recent competitive announcement, but both sides are actively engaged and working hard on a win-win solution that work for Chase that work for United and that gets more customers more and more economics for both of us.
Joe DeNardi: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Kirby: And we really are by the way -- in the future we're going to try to not -- we really don't have anything to add on the card, so we ask to not ask the same questions over and over again please.
Joe DeNardi: Fair enough.
Operator: Thank you. From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker.
Jamie Baker: Oh, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Following up on Gerry's MAX observations, but maybe for Greg, the cancellations to date have been well below those of other U.S. operators, even when adjusting for the fact that your fleet is smaller. Can you walk us through the mechanics a bit? Does it imply you were over-spared to begin with? Was it accomplished just by pushing off nonessential maintenance? What I'm trying to better understand is post-July, how do the potential pressures on margins actually show up?
Greg Hart: Hey, Jamie, this is Greg. Thanks for the question. It was really a combination of things we're able to do to recover the schedule including, we did take a little operational risk in terms of utilizing spares we had. We moved the hangar plans around and deferred some maintenance as well as we changed some of the heavy check schedules on our aircraft. But it was a combination of things. With 14 aircraft that was something that we could manage for a month or two, given some of the flexibility we have in our maintenance plans. But beyond that, it gets really tough to manage, because there are not many maintenance and events that we can preclude doing within the time frame.
Jamie Baker: Sure. Okay. That helps. And second, MAX-related follow-up for whoever would like to take it. As we think about the potential timing of a pilot deal, I would initially assume that the two phenomena are mutually exclusive. But with all the MAX focus both for management and for ALPA is this slowing down the conversation that you'd otherwise be having with your aviators or not?
Scott Kirby: No, it's not. And I would say that ALPA has been a great partner for us on the MAX issue. While we have negotiations, we don't always agree about everything. But it comes to safety here at United that's one where we work hand in glove with ALPA and we appreciate their active involvement in the process so far. But it is not at all hindering or impacting the ongoing negotiations.
Jamie Baker: Cool. Just wanted to check. Greg and Scott, thanks very much.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: And from Vertical Research, we have Darryl Genovesi.
Darryl Genovesi: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for the time. Gerry, you had previously talked about flat to down CASMex in both 2019 and 2020. With some of the exogenous issues that you're facing this year and the move to a flat CASM guide, is there any reason why assuming the 737 MAX and your Pakistan issues are cleared up by year-end we shouldn't be thinking about down CASM in 2020?
Gerry Laderman: So Darryl, if everything's cleared up this year, there's no reason that we wouldn't be focused on what we said we would do next year.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. Are there any -- I guess what are the big levers that you still have to pull on CASMex? I realize that the capacity growth is helping, particularly during some of the off-peak periods. Are there any other focus initiatives that you would highlight as being the big CASM opportunities for over the next year, 1.5 years to get you to that guide?
Gerry Laderman: I would describe the categories as the same as we've been talking about. There are some for instance gauge, which probably kicks in more next year than this year would be one. Continued efficiency and the use of our assets is another one. But generally, the categories will continue to be the same. It's just better execution.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. And then could you also just give us a sense of the CapEx trajectory from here?
Gerry Laderman: So we highlighted in the investor update, our schedule for new aircraft deliveries next year, which ties to what was disclosed in our 10-K. Next year is a peak year for wide-body deliveries. We have 17 next year on top of 28 narrow-bodies versus only 10 this year. That does drive incremental CapEx versus this year. It's too early to give you the precise number. But ballpark I can tell you you're looking -- the cost of those wide-bodies is about $1 billion more than this year. That's a peak. We expect wide-body deliveries to come down after that. We're very focused on making smart decisions on CapEx. An example of how we look at it, take the 777-300ERs that we're taking this year. We expect a first year ROIC on those aircraft in the mid-teens well above our cost of capital. And that only improves as those aircraft depreciate. I'd also highlight that we're focused where we can on mitigating aircraft CapEx between now and the end of next year. We actually have 30 used aircraft coming in. And if you look at what that's saving us versus new aircraft that's $600 million to $700 million of CapEx savings. So beyond that, I can repeat what we've talked about before, which is this is sort of on an normalized basis replacement of non-aircraft CapEx and kind of growth that are on GDP that's around a $4 billion CapEx number annually. But as we find opportunities to grow -- and like next year, you can see a year like next year where there's a little bit of a spike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Wolfe Research, Hunter Keay.
Hunter Keay: Hey, thanks. Good morning everybody. Just a little bit more about CapEx. I don't want to diminish anything from the CASM progress you've made, but do you have any idea how much the incremental CapEx is going to save you on the P&L for CASMex? And why did that CapEx come up relative to the initial plan on the wide-bodies Gerry? Thanks.
Gerry Laderman: I'd say that it has -- that's been our plan now for a few years. It just happens that next year consistent with the growth plan that we had, it's a -- there's a spike in wide-bodies. But what it allows us to do in addition to the growth that had been planned, it allows us to really redeploy the wide-bodies much more effectively, putting the right aircraft on the right route and also sets us up nicely for the alternate retirement of some of those older aircraft. But keep in mind, these are 30-year assets we're investing in and these are all the newest most efficient aircraft, so they're going to have a nice CASM benefit for us.
Hunter Keay: Right. Okay. And then Scott, you used to say the old Orion system used to underforecast demand. Is it possible given all the investments in the premium products you guys are making and the strength in business travel that Gemini is still underforecasting some of that close-in demand strength now?
Andrew Nocella: I think Jamie -- Hunter, its Andrew, sorry. I think we've made a lot of progress with Gemini and we've been very careful on to change our booking curve reflect the fact that we have more close-in demand. So, we learn from it every day obviously and we get better and better at it. But there may be still some upside there as we kind of go through the rest of the year as we tweak how we work with Gemini. So, that's more to come I think. But we've been very conscious to make sure that we start changing our booking curve to reflect the revenue potential of the airline and we successfully did that in Q1 and we think we're well on our way to doing that in Q2.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research.
Daniel McKenzie: Hey, good morning. Thanks guys. A couple of questions. Regarding the news that's spilling into the media regarding negotiations with Expedia, I guess, first, how material is Expedia to the overall distribution of United's inventory first? And then second some investors are going to ask, of course, what it means for the full year guide in yield. So, I'm just wondering if you can help put some numbers around how to think about that.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. Maybe I'll try to answer that question. It's complicated from the perspective of we can sell tickets in many, many different ways. But we were clear earlier this year that we'll be moving on, on the distribution partners better suited to our future not our past. Expedia tried to stop us and quite frankly failed. The most simple way to say this is time to change. Companies need to evolve and innovate and we hear United have changed a lot. We have in particular invested in our own website and our app to be much more cost effective to be transparent and come up with the optimal sales abilities to distribute our content. Expedia has historically been very good in selling our lowest fares. But quite honestly we think we can sell our lowest fares just as well and that's where we are. So, we look forward to having a direct relationship with our customers going forward and that's really where we are with Expedia.
Scott Kirby: And I would just add since you asked about the full year guide we've assumed from the full year that effective at the end of September, we will not be in Expedia and we are still comfortable with our $10 to $12 guide.
Daniel McKenzie: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then I guess Andrew or Scott given the Easter shift, you've -- obviously, we hear the commentary on demand. But how would you characterize core underlying booking volumes? Is it normal elevated below average? So, on the first call you shared some booking perspective and it is helpful to have some volume perspective behind the revenue guide. So, just some perspective on how consumers are digesting what's going on with kind of the existing yield backdrop.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Well, as we talked about Q1 we thought was very strong. And as we look forward into Q2, I would say the same that we're really happy with demand levels across the Board. There are a few pockets, Argentina being one of them, that's a little weak. But overall we feel really good about this. Europe, for the next few weeks, is weak due to the Easter holiday shift, but after that looks really great in both cabins. And Latin America is I think clearly going to be our best-performing entity of the quarter and a big part of that is the Easter shift. So, there's a lot going on. A lot of the holidays have moved which affects how we look at things. But I would say the underlying demand that we see are going -- or particularly as we look out into May and June is very good.
Operator: Thank you. From Credit Suisse, we have Joe Caiado.
Jose Caiado: Thanks very much. Good morning everyone. Andrew are you able to quantify the contribution from Premium Plus revenue flights that's embedded in the Q2 revenue guide?
Andrew Nocella: It's really insignificant at this point. I will say we started selling -- or we started flying the cabin earlier this month, Tokyo-Newark was the first route. And there's a couple of things we're looking at one of them what is the yield versus coach. And as I said earlier, that's tracking to more than two times coach. The other thing is we had expectations for load factors in excess -- payload factors in excess of 70%. And in fact the first two weeks the payload factor has been 89%. So, we've got this -- we really started-off with a great few weeks here with this new product, but this is really early days on very few of our aircraft today. But every day there'll be more and more. Ultimately, Premium Plus will be 7% to 8% of our wide-body capacity going forward. And given what we've seen over the last two weeks we think this will have an impact on our 2020 and 2021 financials in a really important way. So, I can't say how excited we are in particular given the data points we've seen over the last two weeks.
Jose Caiado: That's very helpful color, I appreciate that. Gerry one for you. Can you just maybe parse some of the puts and takes with respect to the unit cost outlook here for the year? I mean MAX is obviously adding some pressure, the lower capacity growth, but the change to the full year unit cost outlook is fairly small. So, can you just talk about some of the offsets and where those cost controls are really shining through or maybe what's outperforming your expectations?
Gerry Laderman: I would just say it's indicative of the fact that as of now the number of MAXes we have is relatively small part of the fleet. So, the adjustment right now is solely a result of the MAXes and the suspension of service to Delhi and that pretty much everything else is tracking as we expected and that this is simply the arithmetic of changing the capacity outlook.
Operator: And thank you. From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Two quick follow-up just on the MAX grounding. Could there be an impact on CapEx this year kind of what your expectations are for when deliveries will resume?
Gerry Laderman: Obviously, if the grounding lasted long enough, Boeing wouldn't be able to deliver aircraft. But expectation that if this returned to service this summer, it won't impact the timing of our deliveries beyond this year. So, the aircraft scheduled for delivery this year we would expect to take this year.
Savanthi Syth: Okay. Great. And then just on the other revenue, the non-passenger revenue. Any thoughts on kind of what you're seeing on the cargo front? And then also just the other revenue ancillaries doing really well, but other revenues kind of lost a bit of its momentum and kind of when you might expect that to pick up outside of new credit card deal or anything.
Greg Hart: Hey Savi, this is Greg. I'll take the cargo piece and then turn it over to Scott for the rest of the question. On the cargo side, our cargo revenues were down 2.5% roughly, driven largely by capacity in the industry. But relative to our -- the performance of our peers, we continue to be really, really happy with the performance of our cargo team and driving a really, really good product for us across the network.
Andrew Nocella: And the other revenue category -- this is Andrew speaking. Last year we had one-time payment from Chase that we didn't get this year so that -- I think that reflects a big chunk if not the majority of the change.
Operator: Thank you. From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker.
Helane Becker: Thanks operator. Hi team, thank you for taking my question. My first question is -- and has Boeing offered you any compensation or offer to make you whole at all on that MAX being grounded?
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Helane, it's Gerry. So, right now we're focused on assisting every way we can with regulators and with Boeing on solving the problem and that's all we're focused on. Having said that, obviously, there are some costs that we've been incurring and we expect to continue to incur. Boeing has been a great partner of ours for decades. And if you use some historical references such as the 787 situation a number of years ago we'll have a conversation with Boeing and I expect like we always do to resolve whatever that conversation is in a way that works for both of us.
Helane Becker: Okay. Thanks, Gerry. And then my other question is completely unrelated and really has to do more with customer service. I think Denver airport right now is undergoing some construction in the main area where you go through security and Newark is certainly going through construction and seems to have been under construction for the better part of I don't know one, 1.5 years or so. Can you just talk about; A, any impact that has on your customer experience and whether or not -- and how long that will continue to go on for?
Greg Hart: Helane this is Greg. Thanks for the questions. We always work very closely with all of our airport partners in making sure that we mitigate as much as possible the impact on the customers. And a lot of the projects you actually talked about by the time they're finished will actually materially improve the experience for our customers. So these projects aren't easy. They are complex. And from time-to-time, we do get together with our partners and reassess where we are and what changes we may need to make to the programs to ensure that the impact on our customers is mitigated as much as possible.
Helane Becker: Thank you.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Mike Linenberg.
Mike Linenberg: Yeah, hey good morning, everyone. Hey, two quick ones here. Andrew just on PRASM for the June quarter, you mentioned that Latin America was going to be the best March quarter. Pacific looked like that was the best performer. Is there a moderation in Pacific? And what really -- what drove Pacific strength in the March quarter? Can you just give us some of the highlights? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. Again great quarter really happy with the performance, but I'll try to give you a little bit more color. But in the March quarter across the Pacific we saw a good strength across really the entire region, but it was in the economy class cabin so that's actually great to see. We've seen really good strength in business class for a long time. So it's really nice to see the economy cabin catching back up across Pacific. Latin America as I said had a great quarter and looks really stellar for Q2. A big part of that is Easter shift and Latin America is doing incredibly well. But we see that strength continuing into May and June at this point as well. And the Atlantic again looks fantastic for May and June at this rate. And I'm really I think very bullish on the entire international entity for 2Q as a result.
Mike Linenberg: Okay, great. And just my second question to Scott with Los Angeles unveiling the terminal zero and terminal nine projects, is that -- is terminal nine, is that the missing puzzle piece for United in L.A.?
Scott Kirby: That's probably an accurate description. We'll look forward to having terminal nine built someday. And today we're really full at Los Angeles. We have incredible utilization on our gates and we will look forward to the opportunity to get more gates and grow in Los Angeles at some point in the future when that's done.
Operator: And from Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien.
Catherine OBrien: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time. With the progress you've seen in the last two quarters in margin expansion, could you talk about where your networks are seeing the biggest improvement? Is that all the mid-con hubs re-banking? Are there certain initiatives like segmentation there driving that? What's really been maybe the margin -- the leader of margin improvement you've seen over the last two quarters?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll try to take that on. I mean, really we have a whole host of commercial initiatives big and small. I mean, we've talked about all those on the call before and we tend not to break out the value for each of them individually for a lot of different reasons but it's all the usual suspects. In particular the performance in the mid-con hubs as we generate this incremental connectivity, which is key to -- or trying to accomplish we're really, really focused on that and that's a big part of it. But basic economy and the segmentation and where we're going on our Premium Plus, Premium Plus has a lot to offer in the future given its brand new. So, I'm really excited about the broad array of commercial initiatives we have and what they're going to deliver over the medium and long run. And then the last thing I'll say is the international potential of the company is incredible. We're starting Naples and Prague in a few week's time and we now have the ability to successfully we believe fly to Cape Town South Africa with a 787. So we have a lot of potential in the long run for our international division. But when you bring all of these commercial initiatives together with the product changes we're making, the connectivity changes, the schedule changes that will break the liability of our offering in the marketplace, I think you see the results that we saw in the first quarter and what we anticipate in 2Q of this year.
Catherine OBrien: Understood. Thanks so much for that color. And then maybe one more. So, in the past you've spoken about the importance of scope to compete with your major airline peers. With the innovation of the CRJ-550, do you feel better about your competitive position even in the event you don't get an increased scope? Or is that still top of mind in your discussions with the pilots?
Scott Kirby: So, actually I think you used the word there of scope really that we don't use. It is -- it's important that we'll be able to grow United Airlines. It's important that we will do that in a way that is good for our pilots and all of our employees, our customers and our shareholders. And so getting to a win-win position where we can offer our customers a great product in the markets that aren't large enough for mainline flying is really important. The CRJ-550 is going to give us a unique ability to compete for premium demand that none of our competitors have, but it still remains important. And we are working with our pilots on it to find a win-win solution that allows us to be competitive with other full service carriers across the board. And I'm confident that we're going to get there, we're going to do it in a way that is a win for us and our pilots feel good about being a win for them and their growth opportunities in the future.
Operator: Thank you. From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is actually Matt [ph] on for Brandon. So now you have all the mid-con hubs re-banked, I want to just come back to the opportunity there. Is it fair to say that the focus remains on the mid-cons to continue to optimize schedules? And really, how would we see -- is there a lot of opportunity left to make improvements within the hubs?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Andrew speaking. As we look at it what we're trying to do in the mid-con hubs is create a sufficient level of connectivity, a level of connectivity that quite frankly some of our competitors have had for years and for a number of reasons United didn't have. So we're well on our way, but we're still well short of the number of aircraft we want to have on the ground at the same time to create that level of connectivity. And we've adjusted the structures in each of the hubs to make that happen. And as we continue down this path, we will build the connectivity to make all of that come together and build our RASM strength. So we measure the connectivity how we rate versus others in similar sized cities and we still see a significant gap that we're closing over the next years or so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, cool. Now just a quick follow-up on that. Are there any structural limitations, or whether it's airport on the structure or employees or anything that could inhibit that growth or is that something -- particularly in Denver and Houston? I know Chicago has a little bit more. But anything to be aware of as you deploy that growth strategy?
Andrew Nocella: So across all the different teams here at United, we've outlined where we're going as a team and whether it be the number of jetways that are hanging in the airport or the baggage system or ticket counter space, we've factored all of those issues into what we need to achieve the growth plan that we designed. So every airport has unique characteristics. Every airport has some strength. There's no doubt about that. But the plan that we've designed, we've designed an infrastructure plan around it that we can achieve in the short run to allow it all to happen. So there's nothing that's going to stop us from achieving the plan that we've laid out at this point in time.
Operator: Thank you. From Bernstein, we have David Vernon.
David Vernon: Hey good morning guys. Thanks. Andrew, I just wanted to follow up on the 78% -- 7% to 8% of capacity that's going to be Premium Plus. I think you said that was wide-body. Can you tell us kind of what the ramp should be over the next couple of years? I think that was a long-term goal but I want to see kind of what the volume number we should be working with for 2020 would be?
Andrew Nocella: Yes. So, I think most of that is definitely all of that's online in 2021 and then it phases, so a little bit next year in 2020 and then all of it in 2021. The level is as we stand here today, while it's on quite a few aircraft actually, we're very careful on where we sell it as Premium Plus because we want to ensure that the right aircraft shows up at the right gates that have the product on board. So in year one of Premium Plus, we actually have the seats onboard, but we really can't monetize it the way we'd like to. So in 2020, you should see I would say in round numbers, 3%, 3.5% of our wide-body capacity being sold effectively as Premium Plus. In 2021, then we'd be between 7% and 8%.
Operator: And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. (Operator Instructions) And from The Associated Press, we have David Koenig. David, your line is open. (Operator Instructions)
David Koenig: I'm sorry. Two things, one super quick. If Gerry could complete his answer that he gave about MAX deliveries or any scheduled in the fourth quarter, we heard about two in 3Q. And then my question then Greg mentioned this in response to Jamie Baker, exactly what kind of maintenance are you deferring while your MAX 9s are grounded? And how much extra have you spent to-date to protect your schedule from those groundings?
Gerry Laderman: So, on the deliveries, no we had no aircraft scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter. Although I would expect that some of those third quarter aircraft end up slipping to the fourth quarter, but there were no previously scheduled fourth quarter deliveries.
David Koenig: Okay, great.
Greg Hart: And then on the maintenance work that we've deferred to help cover the MAX schedule ranges from WiFi installations to voluntary -- other voluntary maintenance work that we've had scheduled that is perfectly able to be deferred to a later date as well as something as simple as pay in an aircraft we've deferred. So it kind of runs the gamut across what we do in the maintenance world on a voluntary basis.
Scott Kirby: But importantly, it's no safety-related item.
David Koenig: Exactly. That's what people wanted to know. And then how much extra have you spent so far to keep your schedule intact more or less?
Greg Hart: I don't think, we have that answer for you, but it was not material.
David Koenig: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And from The Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider.
Alison Sider: Good morning, hi. My questions are just sort of given the incidents and what's been detailed in the preliminary report. Are you satisfied with pilot training at Ethiopian Airlines and safety practices? How confident are you feeling sending customers on codeshare flight with Ethiopian? Or is that something you're reviewing just in light of everything that's happened?
Scott Kirby: We are confident in the training programs at United Airlines and what we do for training our pilots. I don't think we're prepared to comment on the training programs at Ethiopian. We do have a process that we go through and will continue to go through that involves IOSA standards for auditing, for all of our codeshare partners that we use, but we don't have specific commentary on their training programs.
Alison Sider: So when mentioned an auditing process, is that something like initiated for Ethiopian now? Or is that something that they would undergo when you strike out a partnership? Or is it going to be an additional review of Ethiopian or your partners generally?
Scott Kirby: We go through that audit process with all of our partners and we have done that for at least as long as I've been in the airline industry.
Operator: Thank you. From Bloomberg News, we have Justin Bachman.
Justin Bachman: Hi, thanks for the time. I wanted to focus on the CASM-ex performance in the first quarter and wondering if you could go through some of the buckets that went into that performance in terms of the capacity growth and the maintenance deferrals that you did. And sort of what are the different areas that make that up and sort of by percentages? And secondly on CapEx, what -- when you have aircraft scheduled for delivery what's the breakdown of cost to United for pre-delivery payments versus what you pay upon delivery of the aircraft? Thank you.
Gerry Laderman: So I'll take that second question first and that breakdown between pre-delivery deposits and what we pay at delivery varies airline to airline and it's really not something airlines specifically talk about. That might be a better question for Boeing to answer. With respect to first quarter CASMex performance which did end up somewhat better than our expectations, but really a lot of that was just timing, certain maintenance events that nothing more than we expected for instance some engine maintenance that ended up not having to be done, but we would expect that to be done later in the year. It's that sort of thing. It's strictly timing versus what our original expectations were.
Justin Bachman: Okay. But -- and then how much of that was just overall capacity growth that you have planned as far as the mix of -- was that active management? Or was it some of just the function of the airline's growth?
Gerry Laderman: Well clearly the growth of ASMs helps us manage our CASM, but that's all built into the plan.
Operator: Thank you. From Reuters, we have Tracy Rucinski.
Tracy Rucinski: Hi, good morning. One quick question. Talking about pilot training, will you be requiring simulator training on the MAX?
Greg Hart: Hey this is Greg. If you don't mind, I'd just like to provide a little context to your question. Based on the preliminary results of the investigations of the Lion Air and Ethiopian accidents, runaway trim was among the primary causes of the accidents. For decades, all of our pilots -- all of our Boeing aircraft here at United have been trained to respond to a runaway trim situation. In fact, the training around the situation is so central for our curriculum that the pilots are required to memorize the procedure. That's why we have consistently reiterated our confidence and ability of United pilots to safely operate United MAX aircraft. Now of course, if the regulatory authorities require any changes to our training programs, we will comply with them.
Tracy Rucinski: Okay. So no decision yet then on simulator training?
Greg Hart: Right now, we have no plans to add any simulator training to our training regime. But obviously if federal -- if the regulatory authorities request that as added training, we will comply with that request.
Operator: And thank you. That was our last question. I will now turn the call back to Mike Leskinen for closing remarks.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Michael Leskinen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. Number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the team in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn over the call to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike, and thank you all of us for joining us today. Well, what a difference a year makes. No doubt, remember, that over a year ago when we laid out our multi-year growth strategy and set forth a series of concrete promises, I'm proud to say that in 2018 our incredible United team, over 90,000 strong, got to work for fulfilling those promises because what matters is proof, not promise. You'll remember that we said we would deliver higher unit revenue in 2018, while simultaneously increasing supply, we have. And many on Wall Street believed this was possible, when we initially announced our plan and now there are a few questions of our continued growth. As we've talked about this uniquely United growth strategy is that not all capacity is created equal and I think we proved that this year. In fact, our PRASM has or is expected to outpace the industry in each of the last four quarters, and is likely to outpace the industry by approximately 200 basis points in 2018. We turn to Slide 5. You'll also remember that we said we are expected to increase our 2018 adjusted EPS between $6.50 and $8.50 and we have and we'll get better, i.e., $9.13 per share for the year. We also said we would be laser focused on cost discipline, with a full year CASMex goal flat to down 1%. We have again delivered on that promise, expecting to lead the industry with a CASMex down 0.2% for the year. We also said that we'd ensure that our commitment toward smart growth strategy wouldn't detract from our focus on running a great operations and we have. In fact, we flew more passengers than ever last year, and achieved the highest completion rate in our history. So, no doubt there is much more work to be done and we are very proud of the significant progress we made in 2018. And I thank all our employees. Now the question, of course, becomes what difference will the next year make? So as we look ahead to 2019, we are paying very close attention to the government shutdown, potential trade disruptions, other sources of economic instability. We read the same headlines that you do and while concerning, we've not, to this point, detected much of an impact on our numbers. Scott will walk through our facts that we are making this particular point. Of course, we will keep watching and in the meantime, we will just stay focused on the priorities that we can control, in particular, the way we serve our customers. So, switching to that, more than ever, we're focused on putting our customers, all of them at the center of everything that we do. This year we'll continue to roll out a series of innovations and improvements to customer experience and we believe we will continue to reshape United's image. We will introduce a series of new routes, boosted by new customer-friendly aircraft that are designed to make United the airline our customers choose to fly. Just next week, we will be able to download a completely reimagined version of the United app. It's already the number one downloaded app amongst US carriers but we are making it even better, putting useful information at your fingertips without losing the features our customers love. We'll also continue to add useful information to over 60,000 mobile devices used by your employees that have real-time information and communicate better and solve your problems in the moment. These are just a few of the examples of the digital advantage that has resulted from the new entrepreneurial culture that we're fostering here at United. This culture, coupled with our deep company-wide commitment to our core four principles, will be essential to the success of our efforts to take our standard of customer service to a whole new level. Lastly, moving to Slide 6. Let me emphasize that while we're delivering on our commitments to our customers, we are also delivering on our commitments to you and our shareholders. Last year, our ability to recover almost 100% of the year-over-year increase in fuel expense helped us achieve a full year adjusted EPS of $9.13. In 2019, we are committed to delivering an adjusted EPS target of $10 to $12, which puts us nicely ahead of the pace to deliver our adjusted EPS of $11 to $13 in 2020. So with that, let me hand it over to Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Oscar, and thanks, everyone for joining us on the call today. 2018 was a fantastic year financially, operationally and for our customers. We operated the most on-time flights in United's history. This is the result of the commitment and hard work of the entire United team that came together to deliver a great operation and experience for our customers. From the frontline to the corporate support center, everyone played a part and I'd like to thank all of them. In 2018, we continued to run a great operation, including top-tier [D-0] performance, all while flying a record number of passengers and with record load factors. We had the best ever consolidating completion factor in our history and drove a record 9.3% revenue growth year-over-year. As Andrew will talk about later, we believe our strong operation and continuously improving customer focus drove about a point of PRASM improvement in the quarter. These operational steps, coupled with our strong PRASM performance and our return to margin growth in the fourth quarter are clear evidence that the growth plan we announced this time last January is the right strategy for United. As we look at 2019, we all know that there is a relationship between costs, with fuel being the industry's most volatile cost and revenue. It's precisely what gives us the confidence to give annual and multi-year adjusted EPS guidance. This historical relationship is why we were confident giving full year guidance for the first time last year. And we're able to maintain and raise that guidance even as fuel rose significantly during the year. This historical relationship not only gives us confidence for one-year guidance, but also allowed us to provide $11 to $13 adjusted EPS guidance for 2020 because we were confident that PRASM would increase in the world of higher fuel. Set another way, unpredictable fuel costs are reality, but at United, they will not be an excuse to miss our guidance. Our revenue strategy, combined with our cost discipline gives us confidence that we can continue - that we can continue to meet or exceed our adjusted 2019 EPS targets anywhere between $40 and $80 Brent Oil. As Oscar mentioned, there's been a lot of concern on Wall Street about the health of the economy as we enter 2019. We normally don't react to a single week's worth of bookings because of the inherent volatility in bookings. But the first full week back from the holidays is unique, as business customers are back in the office and planning business trips. It's the largest booking week of the year and the first opportunity to see what's happened with corporate budgets. Historically, the companies we are seeing weakness are concerned about the outlook. They almost always reduce the travel and entertainment budget for the coming year. As a result, business bookings for the first week of the year are reasonably good forward indicator for the health of economy. And despite all the stock market volatility hindering, despite the government shutdown, our business bookings is measured by all large corporate accounts and travel agencies, we're up 11% at slightly higher yield last week. The world can certainly change going forward. But United Airlines demand remains solid, at least, based on the data we have so far. Over the last several earnings call, you've heard us talk a lot about the benefits of our growth strategy. But today, I want to talk to you about another change that's hard to quantify and even harder to proceed from the outside of the company, but it's essential to driving strong PRASM and margin growth. In short, at United, we're changing our culture. We started to shift to a nimbler, faster and more action-oriented approach to improving our customer and employee experience. I can't tell you the number of times I sit in a meeting or someone walks into my office to show me something new and innovative that we're doing. You're able to see it in the performance of Gemini, to develop an industry-leading mobile app and the powerful new technology that we put in the hands of our employees. Our teams are developing new ideas literally every day and testing them in speeds we wouldn't have thought possible. We are now experimenting with all kinds of new initiatives and solutions, quickly expanding those that work and pulling back those that don't. And this is happening throughout United. At the start of last year's budget process, as an example, we asked the teams to keep M&A total headcount flat, despite growing 5% and adding all kinds of initiatives to deploy. There's a fair bit of anxiety around this from the team, but we did it and achieved the great results that we announced today. For this year's budget process, we took it a step further and set a goal to keep total M&A spending flat. So, leaders had to fund growth, new initiatives and pay raises without spending a single dollar more. And I'm proud to say that the team had embraced that challenge with the positive 'can do' spirit. It isn't an easy target to hit, but aided by our new entrepreneurial culture thats taking root, we are confident we will do it. We're committed to making United best airline in the world. We have the world's best network potential and this ongoing culture change really is a significant and difficult to replicate competitive advantage for United. We had a great year in 2018, and I again want to thank the team for delivery. There's a lot happening at United. The growth plan, focused on the customer, great operations, and a new action-oriented culture facilitated by core4, to name just a few. As a result, we're confident that we'll meet or exceed our $10 to $12 EPS guidance in 2019 for any fuel price between $40 and $80 per barrel. As we said before, unpredictable fuel prices will not be an excuse here at United. 2018 was an incredible year, and set a solid foundation for the strategy we laid out one year ago. We're looking forward to repeating our success in 2019. With that, I'll turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks Scott. Turning to Slide 12. I'm pleased to report our revenue momentum continued from the third quarter and into fourth, with PRASM growth up 5%, achieving the high end of our expectations. All entities achieved positive PRASM in the quarter. For all of 2018, we achieved 4.3% increase in the PRASM on 4.9% more capacity. We achieved the high end of our unit revenue guide each quarter in 2018. Congratulations to the entire United team for top-tier PRASM performance in the quarter. There were a number uniquely United initiatives that drove our PRASM outperformance in 2018, outside of just our capacity growth. Our employees delivered a record setting operational performance and improved our customer service, which we estimate will add about a point of revenue to our PRASM year-over-year. Gemini, our proprietary revenue management system, which was also rolled out last year, has exceeded our expectations. We leapfrogged our competitors and have an industry leading RF tool that delivered 1 point of PRASM growth in 2018. Lastly, we further sharpened our product segmentation strategy to better deliver our customers the product they want, when they want it. These improvements and our host of other commercial and digital initiatives contributed about an additional point to PRASM. The culture change Scott talked about and delivered in an environment where innovation and change are welcome. Overall, we feel good that the plan we laid out in January 2018 is working as we head into 2019. Now for some details about each of the regions on Slide 13. Domestic PRASM improved 6% year-over-year in the quarter, leading away across all regions. Domestic capacity increased 6.4% in the quarter and 6.7% for 2018. Corporate revenues were once again strong year-over-year, outpacing our overall top line growth of 11%. We continue to successfully shift our booking profile to reduce dependence on lower-yielding tickets booked further out from departure, while increasing our share of higher yielding business tickets generally booked closer in. Gemini worked well last year and implementing this strategy. Our RM posture as we enter 2019 continues and accelerates this practice, relative to the industry. Following two years of very strong Atlantic PRASM growth, we saw Q4 PRASM growth of more moderate 1.6%. Passenger load factor was strong, increasing 5.2 points year-over-year. However, that increase was not large enough to offset declining close yields. Our outlook continues to show coach yield weakness, and as a result, slower PRASM growth with the Atlantic in the coming months. PRASM across the Pacific was up 4.5% year over year in Q4, our third quarter positive for PRASM. We continue to watch demand levels in business class for China play and have yet to see any reduction in demand for January, resulting from these trade disputes. After negative PRASM growth in Q2 and Q3 of 2018, Latin performance inflected sharply positive, increasing 3.8% in the fourth quarter. We are optimistic about strong PRASM from the Latin region, even with continued weakness in Brazil and Argentina. Looking ahead, we anticipate first quarter consolidated system PRASM to be flat to up 3% year-over-year. The shift of Easter holiday to mid-April is expected to be an 80 basis point headwind for Q1, with an equal tailwind for Q2. As we look at the revenue environment, the primary change we observed is pricing across the Atlantic. While it has gotten weaker, we believe it will improve as we enter peak travel in Q2. Overall, we do not think anything fundamental has changed as we look at the demand environment. That being said, the government shutdown and other factors have created some uncertainty in our Q1 outlook, and as such, we've guided to a 3 point range in yield revenue this quarter. As Scott mentioned earlier, domestic business bookings for the week of January 7th, the first clean booking week of the year were strong, indicating to us that our momentum continues to be on track. Our capacity outlook for 2019 remains at 4% to 6%. Our passenger segmentation strategies remain on track. Induction of widebody jets equipped with our all-aisle access flatbed Polaris seats continue to be on target. The mid-continent strategy continues with our Denver rebank scheduled for February. We're pleased with the results we've seen in both Houston and Chicago and see even more upside in Denver, and the possible itineraries at all three have grown about 12% year-over-year. The basic economy footprint has continued to grow. We continue to closely monitor our relative share performance related to basic economy sales. We feel it is important to differentiate our basic product and we continue to be pleased with the operational benefits of our bag policy. Another key component to our passenger segmentation strategy is Premium Plus, our new intercontinental premium economy seats. Early sales figures for Premium Plus have average fares of approximately two times the coach fare, above what we had planned for. Our ancillary revenue had a fantastic year as well, with revenues up 13% for the year. Increase in fees paid to upgrade into first class was a key area of success. In late 2018, we also started the sale of a limited number of preferred seats that will be a new revenue stream in 2019. As always, most passengers have the option of either picking a non-preferred seat for free or waiting to select an eligibility seat for free at the time of check-in. In summary, we're all set up for a strong first quarter and we'll continue to focus on enhancing the customer experience. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Gerry.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon we released our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings and our first quarter and full-year 2019 Investor Update. You can refer to those documents for additional details. For the highlights, Slide 17 is a summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 18 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. For the fourth quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.41. That's 67% higher than a year ago and above the high end of our own expectations. Adjusted pre-tax income was $814 million and adjusted pre-tax margin was 7.8%, up nearly 100 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full year, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $9.13, which is 33% higher than 2017. This is a fantastic result and above the high end of our guidance. Adjusted pre-tax income was $3.2 billion and adjusted pre-tax margin was 7.7%. We are all proud of these results, and we believe they provide powerful evidence that our growth strategy is working. Slide 19 shows our total unit cost for the fourth quarter and full-year 2018 and our forecast for the first quarter and full-year 2019. Turning to Slide 20. Non-fuel unit costs in the fourth quarter decreased 0.7% on a year-over-year basis, better than the midpoint of our expectations going into the quarter. We continued to benefit from improved asset utilization, smarter maintenance practices, and lower aircraft ownership costs. For both the first quarter and full year 2019, we plan to, again, manage our non-fuel unit costs to flat or better and expect our cost discipline this year to remain industry leading. We believe that running an efficient airline is a prerequisite to growth, and we expect to continue to benefit from a lot of the same initiatives we had in 2018 and to take advantages of new opportunities. For example, as we begin to exit certain aircraft types, such as our oldest Airbus A320s and Boeing 757, we will benefit from optimizing the retirement schedule and related maintenance costs for these aircraft. It's also worth noting that we continue to benefit on the cost side from running a more reliable operation. Greater reliability allows for more efficient planning, allowing for less over time, as well as improved irregular operation recovery and generally, fewer buffers across the system. As you see on Slide 21, we repurchased $240 million in shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter at an average price of $88. Over the full year, we repurchased about $1.25 billion of our shares at an average price of $71 per share. I expect we will continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchases as our shares trade below our view of intrinsic value. During the month of December, we ordered four additional Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, with two of these aircraft delivering this year and two delivering next year. These aircraft are highly efficient for routes that have demand for large premium cabins. Also during the month of December, we finalized an order for 24 additional Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, with deliveries beginning next year. These aircraft will allow us to replace older and smaller gauge aircraft domestically and support our capacity plan. The unit cost advantage of these more fuel efficient and larger aircraft is expected to be in the double digits and support our CASMex initiatives for years to come. Our adjusted CapEx spend for 2018 ended at $4.2 billion, above our earlier expectations. This difference is largely due to opportunistic purchases of used aircraft and aircraft off-lease, which were not originally in our plan. We continually work to maximize both return on invested capital and our aircraft ownership costs as we update and upgauge our fleet. Even with this incremental spend, however, we had strong free cash flow of approximately $2 billion for the year. For 2019, taking into account, the additional firm aircraft order I mentioned, along with existing aircraft orders, continued opportunistic purchases of used aircraft and other high-value investments, we currently anticipate spending approximately $4.7 billion in adjusted CapEx for 2019. Finally, Slide 22 includes a summary of our current guidance, including the projected fuel price range for the first quarter. The range provided for capacity, revenue and cost implies a first quarter expectation of adjusted pre-tax margin between 2.5% and 4.5%. Implying at the midpoint of this range, 150 basis points of margin improvement on an adjusted - on an adjusted basis year-over-year. Also on Slide 22, we provide a summary of our full-year 2019 guidance. We are confident that we will deliver our adjusted EPS guidance of $10 to $12 this year. As you all know, fuel has been extremely volatile over the last few months and we're frankly not in the business of forecasting where jet fuel prices settle. What we are confident about is our ability to nimbly manage our airline to deliver bottom line results in a wide range of macro environment. In that spirit, we run numerous scenarios for fuel from as low as $40 per barrel to as high as $80 per barrel. We're committing today to meet or exceed our guidance of $10 to $12, and adjusted EPS this year within that very wide range of fuel prices. Before we take questions, last Wednesday, we released our December and full-year 2018 traffic results. Moving forward, we will no longer be issuing these monthly traffic results. As we focus on our long-term earnings targets, we believe monthly updates are unnecessary distractions from the steady progress we expect to deliver. With that, I will turn it over to Mike to begin the Q&A.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And from J.P. Morgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: I'd like to start with a quick cost question for Gerry. The 4% pilot raise that's effective this month or has already gone into effect this month? I obviously have estimates. But can you share with us in dollars what that drives in terms of incremental 2019 expense? I just want to better understand the underlying W2 component of pilot comp as we look forward to next year and I don't necessarily trust Form 41 on this?
Gerry Laderman: Jamie, that's a detail we can just follow up with you later.
Jamie Baker: Second, when I think about last year's RASM, and what that potentially portends coming into this year, I think most of the focus understandably was on the mid-continent growth, the speed with which RASM ramped quickly in those markets. But the reality is, you've also called a considerable number of what, presumably were underperforming unprofitable markets across the network. Is there any way to quantify, which has had more of a positive impact than the other? I mean, adding the new stuff or cutting the weak stuff. The reason I ask is that, I've got to imagine most of the underperformers have already been cut, which suggests that RASM going forward is going to be much more indicative of how the network actually handles the growth component, if that makes sense. Any color?
Andrew Nocella: I'm not sure I agree. I think while we did get rid of a few routes, I think approximately 30 that were underperforming financially, I think there's more to come. And Jamie, what I would say is the potential of our - or the way we look at it is our pipeline of ideas and changes was not just for 2018, there's a lot of - the initiative for 2018 that apply for 2019 and then there's a whole list of other initiatives that come online. And I'll just - I have a few examples I suppose. The Gemini RM system, which we turned on early last year, we really didn't get fully sold until 2Q. So, we think there is tailwinds from that, that will continue to come. In 2019, we have another 60 wide-body jets that will get Polaris all-access aisle seats. We're going to rebank the Denver hub on February 14th, that's not in our baseline numbers. And the number of departures for bank go from 43 to 50. The other, tidbit example, we've cut the number of pre 6 am flights by 50%. For 2019, our 6 am flights have RASMs that are 9% greater than our 5 am flights. Last fall I talked about the transfer of aircraft from New York to Dallas, that transfer, we're doing Phase 2 of it as we speak right now. We've moved about 33 aircraft flying around and amazingly enough, the margin point change for that is 50 points for those 33 aircraft and almost all of that will be in 2019. We have this full capacity we added in 2018, in the '19, for example, our Singapore and Sydney new flights. That's about 1% of our company, and we expect those two new flights to perform much better this year than they did last year. We'll obviously continue to add our catchment area of growth line from mid-continent hubs. That's worked well. But even better than that, the number of flights that are in bank in 2019 versus 2018 that all of these hubs is going from 89% to 95%, in-bank flights have better RASM. We are growing our premium cabins from New York to LA and San Francisco. It's really important for us. We're going to continue to grow our co-brand card. We're going to continue to fill up Premium Plus. The point is, there is a whole host of RASM initiatives as we go into 2019 that we think are going to fuel United Airlines. They're not all about growth. In fact, many of them are not at all about growth as we go forward.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: I think this is probably too for Scott. Hey, Scott. How will these strong run of financial results and the business momentum you guys have been showing impacted the tone or the pace of the negotiations with the pilots, particularly on some of these more complicated issues?
Scott Kirby: So first, I'm actually afraid to answer a question after everything that Andrew said. I, kind, of want to stop the call after that. Hard to go up from there. But look, good results create a good background for everyone on getting - whether it's getting contracts done, doing deals with other partners. It certainly doesn't hurt the tone of the tables. We are having good run - I'm talking about the details there. We're having good discussions with ICAO. We have good relations with all of our unions. We're looking forward to getting competitive deals done that are good for our people and good for the company. And we're confident that we're going to get there. But good results help the tone of everything.
Hunter Keay: And then also, Scott, what did you learn in the last five years about how the market values airline stocks and also how investors value airline capital deployment?
Scott Kirby: Boy, that's going to be a tough question.
Hunter Keay: You can handle.
Scott Kirby: First, I think, whether I have learned it or not, I think at the end of the day results are what are going to matter and results are what matter the most. We are trying to focus here, as Oscar often says, on proof not promise, it's a dramatic difference as we sit here today and when we said almost exactly a year ago, when we announced the growth plan and the difference is that we're proving that what we're doing works. We spent time today trying to talk about things beyond growth. Andrew had three points of PRASM, that we think three points of PRASM in the quarter about things that had nothing to do with growth. There's just an awful lot going on here at United that we feel really confident, that we're going to be able to continue to drive earnings and margin growth for years to come. And ultimately that will matter. I do think from an investor perspective, credibility is important. And when I say credibility, I mean, credibility on delivering on your numbers. We talked about last year a "no excuses, sir" mentality and the importance of hitting guidance. Today, we've tried to even expand on that by saying we're giving you guidance that is good for any fuel price raise between $40 and $80 a barrel on Brent Oil. We know that there are going to be speed bumps that are going to happen. The government shutdown was one of those things. And as we look long term, there is going to be a quarter, there's going to be a time when those speed bumps become significant enough that despite our best efforts, we can't overcome them in any given quarter or year. We hope that's not this quarter. We hope that's not this year. But we're also giving you guidance that allows us to hit some speed bumps. We have resiliency, flexibility to adjust and even if we hit speed bumps, we are committed to, as we said before moving heaven and earth to hit our numbers. And I don't know what that means for industry multiple. But as long as we keep growing earnings every year, as long as we keep delivering on our commitments, I believe that not only will we get a higher stock price from higher earnings, but we will get a higher multiple as that credibility grows and people have more confidence.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: I guess, my first question is around the growth rate. You reiterated your 4% to 6% growth plan in '19. 4Q is at the high end of this. 1Q is going to be towards the higher end. I guess, just in this kind of backdrop of slightly slowing global economic growth, why is the high end the prudent way to start off the year?
Andrew Nocella: We end 2018 on a high note and we look at how things are doing right now and we think we're still on a high note. There are definitely risk factors out there and we've widened our range for RASM, But we feel really good about our plan. And then as Scott already said, this is a lot more than growth that is driving the RASM of the company. And so all those other initiatives are just as important and unique, I think, to United at this point. And so we're excited to go in that direction and believe we can deliver on the results weve talked about and promise for the year.
Andrew Didora: I guess, just looking at that growth a little bit more closely, just based on the schedules, it still seems like a big part of your domestic strategy, as you head through '19 is still much more focused around the regional flying. So, maybe can you give us a sense of where you think, what inning are you in terms of your mid-continent doled out and how long can this kind of regional growth do you think continue to outperform mainline?
Andrew Nocella: I think it's done, obviously, very well and we have more runway there. We're going to take it quarter-by-quarter, and we're going to adjust as needed. To be said, things don't look the way they like. We like them. But at this point, they do. We are still relatively undersized in our level of connectivity we offer. And so we are working hard at that and improving the quality of the schedules, and you'll see more of that. But I just think we're very bullish on where we've been and where we're going, and we'll be nimble if we have to change.
Andrew Didora: And then just quickly, one last question. You mentioned the Denver rebanking beginning kind of mid next month. How would you rank that rebanking opportunity relative to what you've done in Houston and Chicago? Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It's similar, maybe worth a little bit more. We're taking the number of banks down by one, which is increasing our connectivity. We will have 43 aircraft - or 50 aircraft on the ground at the same time on average versus 43. So, we're pretty optimistic about it. But that being said, there are other changes we are making to the schedule in Chicago and Houston as well. We better tweak those and make them better, the early flights of the day and the more rebank places are a good example for that. So, we are going to continue to mine this mid-continent hub strategy. And we think we have a long way to go. And again, not all of those things are entirely about growth, changing when our place departs or making the bank sizes difference is not necessarily about growth. So, there's a lot of different dimensions what we are working on.
Operator: From Citigroup, we have Kevin Crissey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Maybe it's for you as well, Andrew. When we look at the 2018 performance, which was very strong from a revenue perspective, when I understand the effect that regional variances and easy comparisons had versus strategy and also like what - whether you see 2019 having more of the dollar benefit from the initiatives you put in place than 2018. Basically, I'm trying to see how we should see comps and regional variances versus your strategy over '18 and '19.
Andrew Nocella: I think we fought really well in 2018 and I'm not going to attribute it to easy comps. I, in particular, for the fourth quarter, I'm not going to attribute it to easy comps. I think we had a reasonable setup and we hit it out of the park in fourth quarter and we are really happy about it. As we go forward to the next year, we have a whole host of initiatives. We are not going to break them out and say, what each one is worth. And by the way, there is plenty of initiatives that we didn't talk about and there is plenty of initiatives that increase margin but do lower RASM. It's just the nature of the piece. And so we feel really bullish as we go into this year that there is this little bit more of uncertainty, which is why we widened the range of the RASM guide. But we believe our initiatives are going to still deliver and lead to the EPS targets that Mike and the team have laid out.
Kevin Crissey: Maybe if I could look at this maybe a little differently. What aspect of your network strategy was most beneficial in 2018? If I had to say, you could only pick one thing you have done that you did in 2018, which one would you do again?
Andrew Nocella: You are asking a network guy a question and it's hard to answer because we did so many great things. But I think in more aircraft on the ground, at the same time, it's just fundamental and that is connectivity. So that is awfully importantly and we look forward to do it more that in 2019. The other example I'll give is, we grew capacity a lot on off-peak days. And we did that because in years passed, United had, in theory, cut capacity on those days to reduce RASM, when in fact our results for this year showed that our RASM under off-peak days actually went up more than our average RASM. And that's because United uniquely cuts muscle from the bone, is the best way to say it. And that actually lowered RASM. It didn't increased RASM. So, one of my favorite things in 2018 is taking off-peak days, growing them faster than average and increasing RASM faster than the company's average throughout the year. I don't know if we can do that again in 2019. All we did was returns those off-peak days to these normal schedules that we should have always had as many of our competitors have as normal. But that was an exciting achievement for the year.
Kevin Crissey: And maybe one little quick question for Gerry. Gerry, the slide on the flatter, better costs in Q1 and assuming for the year, is that drawn to scale? Is that supposed to indicate a similar numbers or is that just a directionality downer?
Michael Leskinen: Kevin, this is Mike. It's not the scale. Do not get your ruler out.
Operator: And from Credit Suisse, we have Joe Caiado. Please go ahead.
Jose Caiado: First question for Andrew and Gerry. Just following up on Andrew's earlier question on Denver and your expectations from the rebank. I think you'd previously said, you expected that to start driving improved results in Denver starting in late February. I'm just wondering if that expectation is embedded in your Q1 PRASM guidance.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. Yes and yes. February, 14th and yes.
Jose Caiado: And then that expectation is again based off of your lessons learned in Chicago and Houston but maybe a little bit better it sounds like? Or you not assuming that potential for it to be a little bit better?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I mean, each hub had a baseline that we're trying to improve from and Denver is a great hub, before we made this change to be very clear. So, each number for each hub is different based on exactly what we were doing. Denver has one fewer bank. It's a dramatic increase in our connectivity. Particularly during the middle of the day, it's a dramatic decrease in the number of pre 6:00 am flights and it's increase in the number of early am departures out of Denver for our local passengers. So, we're not going to give a specific number for Denver. But as we create the revenue plan for the year and the revenue guidance for Q1, we do make an attempt to make sure that what we are working on is reflected in that guidance.
Jose Caiado: And then just one more for Gerry. Just given the new lease accounting standards and moving pieces on the balance sheet, do you have an updated view of what you think the right leverage range is for the company going forward?
Gerry Laderman: As I said before, I think we're in that range. We spend a lot of work over the last six, seven, years, getting our balance sheet into the position it's in today, where we have a very manageable debt load including our capitalized leases. We have $7 billion of unencumbered assets. We have very manageable amortization schedule. Everything about our balance sheet is in great shape. I wouldn't anticipate it moving much one way or another. We'll continue to finance new aircraft deliveries. I would expect most of those to be dead. I would say that the lease market is getting a little more attractive than it's been historically. So, there could be a mix there. But as new debt comes on, we've got the debt amortizing. So, it's going to stay in the range it is and we're very comfortable with the state of our balance sheet.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Have you guys put out an estimate for the impact of the shutdown, just given your presence in the DC market?
Scott Kirby: No, we haven't. We do have a largest exposure. We have a biggest presence in DC. But as we said, it's hard for us to know what the impact is right now or what it's going to be. We also don't know how long it's going to go. And really what we did is gave a wider range to reflect that uncertainty. Maybe after the quarter when it's all over, we'll try to look back and see what the impact was. But right now we're not going try to pin a number on it.
Michael Linenberg: And then just a question to Gerry. Just in the income statement, there was a sizable decline in depreciation and amortization - excuse me, aircraft rents, you got cut a bit. And I just wasn't sure if that was actually tied to the move toward lease accounting and I don't even - my sense is that just looking at the balance sheet that you have yet to make the adjustment, is that a 2019 phenomenon? So, sort of a two-part question there on lease accounting.
Gerry Laderman: So the reduction in rent expense is largely due to the initiative we have of buying aircraft off-lease. Switching from rent expense to basically depreciation, in many cases, is terrific and is factored into our CASM numbers. Particularly for mid-life aircraft, the lease expense - going from lease expense appreciation reduces ownership costs by 60% to 80% in some cases. So, that's why there is that significant drop in rent expense. And then lease accounting is - you'll start seeing that next year.
Operator: And from Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: So listen, I don't mean to be too much of a nerdy analyst here, but if I take the midpoint of your full-year guidance and I look at the current fuel curve, I think that implies something like a flat RASM outcome for the year. So, I just wanted to ask, is that something in the plans? Are you guys looking to get momentum on unit revenues throughout the year?
Scott Kirby: Brandon, we'd encourage you not to be a nerdy analyst. Because really what we're trying to say is we can hit, and we said, meet or exceed our $10 to $12 guidance range at any fuel price between $40 and $80. That's another way of saying. At some fuel prices, we think we will end up above that range. But you shouldn't try to pin down a fuel number today and say that's what we think RASM is today because we've intentionally tried to move to a rule where we were going to tell you an EPS number and we're going to have a commitment to you that we try to hit that we do everything we can to hit that EPS number in a wide range of fuel prices. And we're getting away from point guidance on fuel changes constantly or on RASM.
Brandon Oglenski: And I think I get the sense too that there's a higher focus on margin? Or is that also correct or incorrect?
Scott Kirby: That is correct.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. And the last one
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Catherine O'Brien. Please go ahead.
Catherine O'Brien: So, maybe one more question is on the complexion of your capacity growth for this year. Based on schedule so far, it looks like you have a couple of long haul routes that drives about a point capacity pretty similar to last year. But last year you also had two points from Hawaii. So as it stands now, should we expect more of your capacity to be generated from, easing up some of your hubs? And do you think that's positive for 2019, RASM trends, given the performance you've seen this year? Or do you think we'll start facing tougher comp issues at some point? Any color there would be really helpful.
Scott Kirby: There's a lot of moving pieces here, and we did grow Hawaii a lot in 2018. And while we like the margin results of that RASM, in that case, would have brought down the averages. So, we're going for margin. And the fact is Hawaii will have dramatically less growth for United Airlines in 2019. And that's an example of, I think, ultimately will be a tailwind to RASM year-over-year. But Catherine, there are so many moving pieces on that front. And again, we're moving things around that, do things that boost RASM, but we're also doing things that take RASM away in the extent that they reduce the margin. Another good example is our 787-10s flying across the Atlantic. I expect the 787-10 to replace older less efficient aircraft. And our CASM on those aircraft will fall by 10% or 15%. But our RASM is also going to fall on those aircraft by some percentage less. So, hopefully that answers your question. I think there is just an incredible number of moving pieces.
Catherine O'Brien: That makes sense. And if I could just maybe ask one more quick question on the CASMex. I just want to be sure first that we shouldn't be assuming that a new potential pilot contract is not in there. And then second, obviously, I know you can't negotiate in public. But could you offer any guideposts on how a new pilot contract could impact your 2019 CASM outlook? Have you built enough variability into that or a better, quote unquote, or do you - to keep CASM flat or do you think that we could see some CASM inflation if we got a new pilot deal?
Scott Kirby: So, keep in mind that embedded in our CASM guidance is the 4% increase the pilots receiving this year under the current contract. So that's in the number. With respect to a new contract what we committed to when we put out our multi-year CASM guidance, last year was that this would include the impact of labor increases.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Congrats on the margin expansion. Your commentary about corporate bookings being up 11% last week, is the federal government included in that figure? And what would you guess your sort of percentage of volume is from the federal government?
Scott Kirby: Yes, it is included. But before I answer, we want to apologize to Brandon who got cut off or the operator cut him off. It wasn't intentional, Brandon. So if you want to get back in, please do. It includes all of our bookings. So it includes government. I don't have the exact number of what our percentage of government business is. And even if I did, it's not exactly reflective because we could tell you what's on government contract. But we can't tell you all the contractors or partners or others that are flying in to meet with the government. So wouldn't be a meaningful number anyway. But the 11% is everything. So it includes the impact of government shutdown at least for that first week.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then just for my follow up. The four to six this year, just broad brush, I wonder if you could talk about domestic versus international, regional versus mainline, and maybe just contrast that at a high level with '18. Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Kirby: Sure. At this point, I think a similar profile. Domestic is we're focused on our mid-continent hub strategy. We will continue to be the higher of the two numbers. And international, the lower obviously to offset that. And I'm not sure I can add any more from there. But domestic will be a little bit higher and international a little bit lower than the average. And again, it's very similar to what we did in 2018.
Operator: And from Cowen, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: So, I guess in the end, it turns out that your hearts were in the right place there. You are generating good traffic growth in each of the locations. Can you talk about the opportunities that you have in San Francisco, LA and New York that might add to growth this year, that maybe what - that you're not talking about because it's less impactful than mid-con, that will still be impactful to revenue growth?
Oscar Munoz: Helane, I'm not sure we heard your question. If I understood the bits and pieces correctly, I would say, you're asking for 2019 for our what role did our coastal gateways play in our plan?
Helane Becker: Exactly, because your growth has been focused on mid-con and yet you still have opportunities in New York, LA and San Franc because I have seen you add capacity in those markets as well. So, maybe you could just parse out the difference between the two. Sorry, I'm losing my voice here.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'd say we really do love all our hubs. And we have spoken a lot about our mid-content hub strategy, because our margin gap in the mid-continent hubs is clearly the most significant and more pressing issue for us to address and that's exactly what we're doing. But I will say that our coastal gateways are really unprecedented and they are really - they are long-term potential. And so, I'm really excited about them, New York and Dallas on the East Coast are amazing. Having our single hub in New York City is a great advantage and we announced new service to Naples and Prague this year out of New York. And Tel Aviv out of Dallas, San Francisco, I think is the premier gateway to Asia and we've grown that as well. And we've announced new service to India and Australia out of San Francisco. So, we will continue to focus on our mid-continent hubs for the time being. But I do want to say that over the long run, we do recognize that United's international footprint and our ability to mine that is pretty unprecedented. It's unique to United in many respects. And over the long run, I think you'll see a lot more activity there. But in the short run, we have a problem to fix in our mid-continent hubs and we are well on our way. And we want to close that margin gap that we cited last January in those hubs and we think we're doing it as we want to do it and it's working.
Operator: And from Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski back on line. Please go ahead, sir.
Brandon Oglenski: I appreciate. But I get rejected all the time. So, this is not there for me.
Scott Kirby: Well, we are sorry. We didn't mean to.
Brandon Oglenski: Look, I guess, I was going to ask a variation on the question that's been asked couple times on the call. But you talked last year with the strategy about how United has to plug back into these small communities and we saw a lot of regional flying additions last year. But if I look at your fleet schedule, it does look like the majority of your capacity this year is going to come from mainline aircraft additions. So, can you just talk about how does that fit into the connectivity strategy and does this increased risks that now you're maybe going up more head to head with low-fare carriers than you were maybe incrementally in '18?
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. The way I would describe that is our deployment of regional jets was not all that optimal and that we flew regional jets in mainline markets. So, what I think you'll see us do in 2019 is make sure that mainline markets have more often a mainline aircraft. And that will allow us to redeploy the regional aircraft into the regional catchment feeder markets. So, I don't think that dramatically changes the profile of our client or competitiveness. It does, as you can imagine in the big market, it lowers our unit cost structure dramatically and makes those, I think, much more profitable. So, it's about getting the right aircraft in the right markets. Our jet fleet size, I think is approximately the same. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. So, you are right. But how we deploy the aircraft really matters. And that is what I think you'll see more and more changes as we go through 2019.
Operator: And from Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: So, Scott, a little under a year ago you laid out the rationale for the hub connectivity strategy. You identified about a 10 point margin gap in the mid-con hubs at United. Can you give us a sense for how much of that gap you guys have closed to date, and whether or not it's feasible to actually kind of get those mid-continent hubs to parity? I'm not sure if there is some geographic differences that might not sort of let that get all the way to closing the 10% gap.
Scott Kirby: We haven't actually updated that analysis. We probably will at some point. But I guess, I'd just point it to, at least, part of the relative margin performance at United where I'm doing this math in my head, but try to beat the industry on average by a couple hundred basis points on year-over-year margin last year that I would say half of that is probably from the growth strategy. And half is from all the kinds of other initiatives that we talked about today and that we continue to talk about. So, that's probably a good indicator of how much we closed the gap so far. That would tell you that there's a lot of runway left and a lot of room to go and ultimately, I think we'll get to margins that are, at least, in the ballpark of where our competitors are.
David Vernon: Is it right to think that there might be some sort of diminishing sort of an impact of that, whether - like if some of the first network changes you made were more impactful than a later network changes or does it not work that way?
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll let Andrew add on to this. But the way it works when you grow a hub is, it's kind of a quadratic curve turned upside down. So, as you are growing, you're driving exponential connectivity, which drive margins growing fast. So the next airplane comes in, it drives margins up. You realize you've gotten to a mature hub where you get to the point that margins at the hub start to flatten out. And that means that you're, when you get to 900,000 flights a day and you're adding the next route, the next flight and it's to a smaller and smaller place, margins start to flatten out. At that point, you kind of know that you've gotten to a mature hub and if you keep growing then you drive margins down. But as you first start growing a hub, you start growing connectivity. It has kind of exponential growth and connectivity, which drives really strong growth in margins. And I think we're still at the early part of that curve, particularly in the mid-continent hubs.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from The Associated Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: I guess, this is for Scott. I'm trying to understand the 11% increase in business bookings. How much of that is repeat from existing customers? I mean, are they just - are your old customers just spending 11% more than they did a year ago, or how much of it is getting new customers, including maybe taking some away from your competitors?
Scott Kirby: I don't know is the short answer. Look, we have 11% more bookings. I'm sure some of them are new customers. I'm sure a lot of them are old customers. I think the better way to think about it as opposed to that lens is that businesses still have enough confidence to be getting out and travelling and on the road. And despite all the doom and gloom you hear, you watch CNBC in the morning, businesses aren't coming through with that. Yes, I agree that people are nervous and they're watchful and they're waiting for something bad to happen, but it hasn't happened yet. And the economy is performing better than you would think, if you just listened to some of what people say that are worried, that could all come to pass. But right now, the economy is performing pretty well and you just see that in strong business bookings. I suspect our competitors - this is really just a share thing. I suspect - actually, I think even Delta yesterday talked about strong demand as well. So, this is just overall strong demand.
David Koenig: And Delta put a number on the government shutdown, you didn't. Did you consider that or is the size too hard to estimate the direct and indirect effects?
Scott Kirby: Look, it's hard to estimate and we want to get ourselves focused on delivering on our earnings commitments and that's the focus.. And trying as best we can to overcome the speed bumps that gets thrown in our way. And we are starting to quantify them. It feel like now is the right way to just say, we're going to have to power through and figure out how to get done. So we didn't spend really a lot of time trying to quantify.
Operator: And from Wall Street Journal, we have Micah Maidenberg. Please go ahead.
Micah Maidenberg: How many passengers have missed United flights because of long TSA or customs line? And is there any way you can quantify how much rebooking them cost United? And then secondly, just overall, how widespread are the delays in screening, where are you seeing problems?
Greg Hart: This is Greg. We've seen pockets of staffing issues around the system, but really what's happened is it hasn't really impacted line waits all that much, and we haven't seen an impact in terms of people not being able to make their flights. Typically, what would happen if we're having that issue is we hold the flights for those customers. And we just haven't had to do that. So the TSA has done a pretty good job of covering for it when they've seen some staffing shortages.
Micah Maidenberg: Has United deployed any of its employees to assist TSA? Delta talked about that yesterday.
Greg Hart: We have not. We do have partners who help us with some of the line management and other things that help the TSA with processing our customers. But we haven't used our own employees to do that.
Operator: Okay. And from Bloomberg, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: This question might be for Oscar or Scott. I wanted to ask about the state of the ALPHA talks in terms of the urgency for that this year, given that the pilots got a 4% raise, sort of weighed against the idea and your thoughts on flying the E170s with 70 seats on them in the future. What's the level of urgency on getting that deal done?
Scott Kirby: Look, we continue to constructive conversations with them. We have a good relationship and good partnership, and we are succeeding together but we're going to leave the negotiations at that table.
Operator: And from Reuters, we have Tracy Rucinski. Please go ahead.
Tracy Rucinski: I wanted to ask a little bit more about your use of regional aircraft as well. You mentioned that last year, the use wasn't very optimal. Regional costs have clearly gone up in part because they are having to pay more to attract pilots. Have these added costs factored into your decision not to deploy them in mainland markets this year?
Scott Kirby: This is a long-term strategy, and we want to make sure that our smallest regional aircraft are flying in short-haul catchment markets and our mainline aircraft are flying in mainline markets. We just didn't have the right fleet mix historically to do that and we still don't. This is a process that evolves over time. So, what you'll see is fewer 50 seat regional jets, in particular, flying on routes that are between major hub cities. That's the right thing to do. It was the right thing to do two years ago. It's the right thing to do today, and we're going to do continue to execute on it. And I think that's the right way to look at it.
Tracy Rucinski: Okay. And can you give an update on your Career Path Program for pilots and generally on pilot shortages?
Greg Hart: Hey. This is Greg. We've got a program in place with a number of our partners to facilitate hiring at those regional partners as well as matriculation eventually to the mainline. It's a program that's working really well for us and we're happy with the results.
Operator: And from CNBC, we have Leslie Josephs. Please go ahead..
Leslie Josephs: You guys have been adding a lot of premium seating, business class in Polaris. What happens if there is a slowdown and just how prepared are you guys for a recession or just economic slowdown in general, given that you're putting such a focus on corporate travel and high-paying customers? Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Leslie, we watch the data, as we said several times in this call, we watch the data even more closely. We built an airline, as Gerry talked about, our very strong balance sheet. We've got incredible flexibility with the fleet. We've built an airline that we think has a lot of resilience and flexibility in it, created a culture where we can be more quick and nimble about taking actions if we need to. And so we feel pretty good that, in the event things change in the world for the better or for the worse, that we've got the ability to respond nimbly and keep the airline running well and performing well.
Leslie Josephs: Are there any - is there anything specifics that you've toyed with, if there is a slowdown and you mentioned being quick and nimble, anything like - any color of what the airline could look like if there is a slowdown in demand?
Scott Kirby: Certainly nothing that we would talk about publicly.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now turn it back to Mike Leskinen for closing remarks.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact media relations for any media questions. And I will be reaching out to the analysts. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Leskinen  Head-Investor Relations Oscar Munoz  Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby  President Andrew Nocella  Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Gerry Laderman  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Greg Hart  Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer
Analysts: Jamie Baker  JPMorgan Hunter Keay  Wolfe Research Kevin Crissey  Citigroup Helane Becker  Cowen Michael Linenberg  Deutsche Bank Brandon Oglenski  Barclays Rajeev Lalwani  Morgan Stanley Andrew Didora  Bank of America Dan McKenzie  Buckingham Research Alison Sider  Wall Street Journal Justin Bachman  Bloomberg News Dawn Gilbertson  USA Today Leslie Josephs  Leslie Josephs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2018. My name is Brandon, and I will be your operator  conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mike Leskinen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart, and others in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now Id like to turn over the call to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As I mentioned last quarter, we expected to have our decision on whos best to fill our CFO seat by  sometime by today. We found someone obviously who would strike the not only right balance of experience, financial acumen, and leadership and has been part of the team all along, Gerry Laderman, so were excited to have him in the seat. As I think about the quarter, we executed another outstanding quarter, marked by strong financial results and I think lots of momentum. Like I like to say and I said before, it is about proof, not just promise, and we delivered financial results at the high end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance once again in this quarter. Now this is because of the hard work and dedication of our employees, and they continue to find absolutely new ways to meet and exceed the expectations from not only you, our shareholders, but of course, our customers. A quick recap of the financials. Turning to Slide 4. Yesterday, we reported third quarter adjusted pretax earnings of $1.1 billion with an adjusted pretax margin of 9.7%. Our adjusted earnings per share of $3.06 was 36% higher than last year. We did recapture about 100% of the year-over-year increase in fuel through a balance of revenue and cost control. These results are tremendous and are indicative of the strides weve made on our revenue, operational growth initiatives, customer service, all of the initiatives which continue to run ahead of the expectations weve established for ourselves. In fact, Scott will highlight that weve realized the strongest PRASM growth in the third quarter in our mid-continent hubs, which also has the highest levels of capacity growth in the quarter, as we laid out to you in January. Looking into the future, were sharpening and continuing our focus on our customers. Id like to give you a few  maybe four examples here of the actions we took just in this last quarter that I think are beginning to separate us from the competition. Theyre only part of what makes us uniquely United. So first, we know from customer feedback the boarding process has long been an area with room for improvement. After collecting significant feedback from employees and customers around the globe, we rolled out a better boarding process across our system. Better boarding, thats kind of our brand, means less time waiting in line, and importantly, improved communications with customers and overall a less stressful process for our customers and employees. Innovations like these have an important impact on customer satisfaction. Secondly, this summer, we announced several new international routes to the most comprehensive route network in the world, including nonstop service from D.C. to Tel Aviv. Were the only airline in the world to offer nonstop service between these two great capitals. They both have fast-growing tech sectors. Third, this quarter, we greatly expanded our innovative Every Flight has a Story program, which offers real-time and plain English updates to customers when their flights are delayed. Customer feedback on this has made it clear that they greatly value these messages. And finally, last month, we made a commitment that no other U.S. airline has made to reduce our carbon emissions by 50% by 2050. We celebrated this commitment with the longest trans-Atlantic biofuel flight in history between San Francisco and Zurich. Our long-term investment in biofuels makes this kind of commitment possible. We plan to continue to lead the way when it comes to implementing strategies that are not only good for our business, but also for the future of the planet. But our airlines most unique asset is our people, and October 1st was a historic day for our airline. After nearly two years of planning, we completed the full implementation of our flight attendant joint collective bargaining agreement, which required us to merge two extraordinarily complicated systems for scheduling our flight attendants. A change like this isnt always obvious to our customers, especially when it goes smoothly. But this is an essential component to running an efficient and reliable operation. So I want to congratulate the over 23,000 flight attendants at United who continue to deliver for our customers and are leading us into Uniteds bright future. Turning to Slide 5, as we look back over the past nine months since we unveiled our 2018 and 2020 earnings per share targets and the growth plan that will help achieve us those targets, we have much to be proud of. We have largely overcome the significant cost headwinds created by rising fuel prices and still raised our 2018 targeted adjusted EPS multiple times throughout the year. We estimate that we will recapture about 90% of the year-over-year increase in fuel on a full-year basis, and today we are again raising our 2018 adjusted EPS target to $8 to $8.75. We set absolute adjusted EPS targets for both 2018 and 2020 in January of this year and were getting closer to delivering results near the high end of our initial adjusted EPS range in 2018. I also feel encouraged by our fourth quarter outlook and while we wont provide 2019 adjusted EPS guidance until January, I will say that our preliminary review places us firmly on the path to deliver on our expectations of $11 to $13 of adjusted EPS in 2020. So with that, heres Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. I would like to start by thanking our employees who continue to run one of the best operations in the world. Running a great operation is table stakes for winning customer loyalty, and on top of that, the people of United Airlines are focused on improving customer service and were seeing that in our internal customer service metrics. I know its tough to model operational reliability and customer service, and it takes time for those improvements to translate into customer choice and higher revenue, but at United, we're already seeing that show up in our top line. As we've said many times, running a reliable operation and great customer service are fundamental to our success. And without it, our growth strategy simply can't be successful. As Oscar mentioned, on the 1st of this month, our flight attendant integration took place. We're thrilled to have all of our flight attendants flying on common mettle [ph]. During the week of the integration, our entire leadership team had the privilege of visiting our crew bases around the world to meet with our flight attendants who are the key to our product and customer service. It's energizing to get to talk to hundreds of flight attendants and hear their enthusiasm for the future and their ideas on what more we can do to make the customer experience even better. Moving on to the revenue environment. With the exception of some countries in Latin America, we continue to see very strong demand across all regions and cabins. Andrew will provide additional details in a moment, but this is one of the best revenue environments we've ever seen. And coupled with the commercial, operational, customer service and growth initiatives we had in place, I've never felt as excited and optimistic about the near term and the long term as I do right now at United.  While Andrew will talk more about the revenue environment, I can't help but steal a little bit of his thunder to brag on what the team under his leadership, combined with support from the rest of the company, has accomplished with the growth plan. In January, we unveiled our growth strategy, and this summer profitability exceeded even our expectations. We grew our mid-continent hubs nearly 10% in the third quarter with an almost 7% increase in PRASM. At the same time, we continue to grow the balance of the network in line with GDP and delivered a strong 5.6% increase in PRASM in those markets. Looking ahead, we're obviously encouraged to have been able to raise our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance each quarter as we went through the year in spite of the headwind from higher fuel. While 2018 has started off ahead of our three-year plan, we continue to be focused on delivering or exceeding our target $11 to $13 in adjusted EPS in 2020. The growth plan is the means to the end for delivering on our commitments in 2020 and beyond, and we're pleased to see it working so well so quickly.  For full-year 2018, we now estimate that we'll be able to pass through about 90% of the run-up from fuel, up from 75% last quarter allowing us to raise our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance for the third time. It was also encouraging to see pretax earnings grow modestly in the third quarter. We're also looking forward to returning to margin growth, however. As we ended the third quarter and entered the fourth quarter, we were cautiously optimistic that the fourth quarter was going to be the quarter we turned the corner and returned to margin expansion. Unfortunately, the recent rapid run-up in fuel now makes that more difficult for the fourth quarter. As we demonstrated throughout the year, we've done a good job of recovering the increase in fuel prices, but it does come with a lag, which makes it hard to recover large intra-quarter moves in fuel within that quarter. We're looking forward to 2019 when we do expect to not only deliver on adjusted EPS growth, but also return to adjusted pretax margin expansion. So far, 2018 has been a great year for United. The team continues to execute on the growth plan while running a smooth operation and providing a better experience for our customers. We're still in the early innings on many of our initiatives and are about proving that United is on the right path to be the best airline for customers, employees and investors. We're working every day to be the airline that our customers want to fly. Our success in the third quarter is another step towards realizing United's full potential. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew. 
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Scott. Taking a look at the revenue environment on Slide 11, we reported a 6.1% increase in system PRASM year-over-year for the third quarter, beating the high end of our 4% to 6% expectations. Congratulations to the entire United team for top-tier PRASM performance in the quarter. I'd also like to specifically recognize the commercial team who had worked collaboratively on hundreds of different commercial initiatives, big and small, to drive this result. All of us on the commercial team, however, would like to give a big thank you to our operations team and frontline employees. Reliability and customer service really matter. Improving our reliability and customer experience drives customers to choose to fly United, and that makes it far easier for our commercial initiatives to succeed. Domestic PRASM improved 6.7% year-over-year in the first quarter, well ahead of our 1.7% performance in the first half. Domestic capacity increased 7.6%. We saw strength as we move through the quarter, with demand and yields ahead of expectations. Corporate revenues were once again up double digits year-over-year, well outpacing our overall top line growth. Our new revenue management system, Gemini, improved our forecast accuracy, which allowed us to run record load factors for much of the quarter without increasing our involuntary denied boarding rate. In fact, our involuntary denied boarding rates were down 87% versus the third quarter of 2017 and 98% versus 2016.  Mainline load factors hovered around 90% for the entire month of July and set an internal record for domestic mainline at 91.2%. We also successfully shifted our booking profile and reduced dependence on lower-yielding tickets further out from departure while increasing our share of higher-yielding business tickets generally booked closer in. This traffic mix change was enabled by Gemini's greater forecast accuracy. The Atlantic region had our strongest year-over-year PRASM of any region in the quarter, increasing 7.1%, including a one point benefit from foreign exchange. We saw revenue strength each month in the quarter, with August PRASM up nearly 10%. This positive year-over-year PRASM momentum was driven by strong load factor performance in both cabins, up almost five points year-over-year. We successfully initiated new service to Porto, Reykjavik and Zurich. For 2019, we've announced new service to Naples, Prague, Tel Aviv and Amsterdam. We continue to expect strong results across the Atlantic for as far as we can see. While the Atlantic had our strongest PRASM performance, we again made material progress in the Pacific. PRASM was up a solid 5.3% year-over-year, including a one point benefit from foreign exchange. Each month in the quarter saw increasing RASM strength year-over-year. Yuan has rebounded nicely, and China performance excluding Hong Kong was strong. Unlike the Atlantic, however, Pacific PRASM remains down on a year over two-year basis. This leaves us optimism that we have further to go on improving Pacific PRASM. We continue to watch demand levels in business class for China flights and have yet to see any reduction in demand for future periods resulting from trade disruptions. Our Latin entity trails the Atlantic and Pacific and was once again the only region with negative year-over-year unit revenue performance in the quarter, being down 3.4% year-over-year. While the region is more challenged than others, flights to Cancun, Brazil and Argentina experienced significant demand weakness. While Q3 Latin performance was once again disappointing, looking forward, we see a mild recovery taking hold in certain parts of the region, specifically Mexico business markets and the Caribbean. We are optimistic about improved RASM results in the fourth quarter in Latin America. Looking ahead, we anticipate fourth quarter PRASM to be up 3% to 5% year-over-year. Moving on to Slide 12, Id like to give an update on some of our commercial initiatives. Induction of widebody jets equipped with our all aisle access flatbed Polaris seat continue to be on target. Our Los Angeles Polaris Lounge remains on track to open later this year and the Washington Dulles lounge is expected to open by late 2019. Our Chicago Polaris Lounge was awarded Best Business Class Lounge by the 2018 World Airline Awards from Skytrax. We continue to retrofit one aircraft on average every 10 days with each passing month. As more of our aircraft equipped with the hard products, our fleet transformation is being noticed by our customers. International premium RASMs grew 3.7x faster than coach in the third quarter, and we cant wait to see how well perform once Polaris seats are fully rolled out. Our passenger segmentation strategies remain on track as we continue to grow the footprint of Basic Economy. We closely monitor our relative share performance related to Basic Economy sales. We feel its important to differentiate the Basic Economy product. We continue to be pleased with the operational benefits of our bag policies. Another key component to our passenger segmentation strategy is Premium Plus, our new intercontinental premium economy seat. The product is now on a small number of 777 jets and sold in the short term as Economy Plus. We continue to expect to reach a critical mass of equipped aircraft early next year for an official product launch. Premium Plus is scheduled to be rolled out by late 2020 across most of the widebody fleet on a similar schedule to Polaris. More details on Premium Plus will be released later this week as we prepare for our first sales next year. Earlier this week, we announced the second phase of optimizing our Newark and Dulles schedules for local and connecting passengers. This change allows us to focus Newark capacity on local passengers and connecting passengers to and from our intercontinental departures while adding scope to Dulles for domestic connecting passengers. The first phase to changes is now flying, and were really pleased with the early results. Our rebanking efforts in Chicago and Houston have performed well. In the third quarter, both hubs RASM in catchment markets, something we focused on, grew over 2x the remainder of the hub. We recently loaded for sale our rebanked Denver hub for February 2019. Our ancillary revenue per passenger is up 10% this quarter, led by increased demand for Economy Plus. We recently implemented new functionality that allows customers to upgrade their flight outside of the booking window and check-in window, which provides many more opportunities for customers to buy into the premium cabin. In summary, we feel the revenue environment is robust and that were set up really well for a strong fourth quarter. And with that, Im going to turn it over to Gerry to review our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon, we released our third quarter 2018 earnings and our fourth quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for additional detail. For the highlights, Slide 15 is a summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 15 shows our adjusted results. For the third quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.06 thats 36% higher than the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted pretax income was $1.1 billion and adjusted pretax margin was 9.7%. Slide 16 shows our total unit cost for the third quarter of 2018 and our estimates for the fourth quarter and full year. Turning to Slide 17. Nonfuel unit cost for the third quarter decreased 0.4% on a year-over-year basis, near the midpoint of our expectations going into the quarter. As we better utilize our assets in the quarter, especially in the shorter month of September, our unit cost performance benefited greatly. We expect fourth quarter nonfuel unit cost to be flat to down 1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. This guidance implies that our 2018 nonfuel unit costs are expected to be down between 0.1% and 0.3%. The implied midpoint is higher than our previous guidance and is driven by two primary cost drivers, both of which I would define as good costs. First, our stronger passenger revenue performance in the third quarter, even higher than our own optimistic expectation, got higher distribution expense than we estimated at the time we issued our guidance. This higher distribution expense drove approximately $30 million of incremental cost, mostly in credit card fees and GDS expense. In addition, the great work done by our cargo team throughout the year has led to approximately $125 million in incremental cargo revenue compared to our original expectations for the year. While this has been a great tailwind to our earnings, it does come with approximately $20 million of incremental costs tied to additional handling and trucking needed to carry the additional freight. The combination of these two good costs led to approximately $50 million in unanticipated headwinds, translating into 20 basis points of additional CASM for the year. But to be very clear, this does not alter our view going forward. And as we move into the second year of our growth strategy, we are still targeting flat or better nonfuel unit cost for 2019. As we speak, we are in the midst of our 2019 budgeting process, and we will have more to share with you on our earnings call in January. However, based upon all the work done to date, I am confident we will deliver on our CASM-ex target in 2019. As you see on Slide 18, we purchased $34 million in shares of our common stock in the quarter and have purchased just over $1 billion of our shares through the first three quarters of the year at an average price of $68.16. Our repurchase strategy over the last few quarters has been to use a grid-based 10b5-1 trading program. Our trading grid for the quarter was established before our second quarter earnings call back in July. The grid allows us to be opportunistic, which generally means buying more if the stock declined, but buying less if the stock increased. Given the outperformance of the stock since the call at one point up about 26%, the maximum repurchase price in the grid was exceeded. But as a long-term opportunistic purchaser, were also going to be patient. Fluctuations in the stock market over the last several weeks demonstrate that the market will give us future chances to deploy our free cash flow on share repurchases at points in time where the stock decline significantly even though nothing may have changed about our outlook and long-term view of our earnings power. Our approach will result in quarterly variations in our program. But we absolutely believe we will be able to grow EPS and remain confident that our stock represents a compelling long-term investment. Turning to our fleet. We took delivery of one Boeing 737 MAX 9 and two used Boeing 767-300ER aircraft in the quarter. We also took delivery of a third used Boeing 767-300ER aircraft just last week. For the remainder of 2018, we expect to take delivery of three Boeing 787-10 aircraft, three Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft and our last Boeing 777-300 ER aircraft. We announced earlier this month that we ordered nine additional Boeing 787-9 aircraft with deliveries of those aircraft starting in 2020. These aircraft are expected to replace international widebody aircraft flying in our fleet today. We are also actively looking for additional used aircraft to ensure that as we grow, we do so in a capital efficient and flexible way. At the moment, we are focusing on a number of potentially attractive used aircraft opportunities to supplement our new aircraft order book. Slide 19 includes a summary of our current guidance, including fourth quarters projected fuel price range using the October 12 fuel curve. The ranges provided for capacity, revenue and cost implies a fourth quarter adjusted pretax margin between 5% and 7%. Finally, Slide 20 presents a summary of our full year 2018 guidance when rolling our fourth quarter expectations into three quarters of actual results. As Oscar and Scott both mentioned, for the third time this year, weve raised the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance. This is why I am thrilled to be in the CFO seat. We are delivering on our promises, and I look forward to working closely with my colleagues on the executive team to fully implement our strategy and unlock Uniteds full potential. With that, I will now turn it back to Mike to begin the Q&A.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Gerry. First, well take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions] And from JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning everybody. First question for Scott. What would it take to move to a profit pooling structure with your immunized JV partners? Just curious if youre leaving some margin on the table by not having a structure more like, say, what Delta has with Air France-KLM?
Scott Kirby: So weve made incredible progress over the last couple of years with our JVs, particularly the Atlantic JV with Air Canada and Lufthansa. We work much more closely together. Weve done a good job of getting our interests aligned, and you could see that in our results. Some of our improvement across Atlantic is because of the better cooperation and partnership with those two airlines. Ours is a revenue based sharing instead of profit sharing. And mathematically, those come to essentially exactly the same answer, so its a lot more complicated to do profit sharing instead of revenue sharing, and I think the answer at the end of the day is essentially exactly the same. And so, were not philosophically opposed to it, but really dont see much upside and given all the brand damage it would take, more unlikely wed go to that.
Jamie Baker: Got it. Understood. And also Scott, and maybe for Greg, with operational metrics having improved, I would think that the value proposition that United can offer when negotiating or renegotiating corporate contracts is higher than what it used to be. Whats the cadence of corporate contract expirations look like over the next two to three years? Is it fairly consistent? Is it front-or back-end loaded? Im just thinking about how long it might take for you to start generating more of the domestic yield premium to the industry the way that Delta does, and obviously, winning that corporate share would be a catalyst there. Any thoughts?
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, its Andrew. Thats an interesting question. The contracts are always coming up, and we have a bunch of big ones that were working on actually right now. So we think theres plenty of opportunity in the short and medium term to make sure that customers and our corporate clients see the great operation that the whole United team, led by Greg, is running. Maybe Ill let Greg kind of add on to that.
Greg Hart: Sure. Thanks, Andrew. As weve improved our operational performance in the reliability and our customer service, weve seen some customers return to United that left us when we were not running the greatest of operations several years ago. And that  the return of those customers have nothing to do with capacity, but more focused on our operational reliability. Our team is running what we think is one of the best airlines in the world. Weve led the industry in D0 performance since 2017, and our 90,000 employees have done this while we operate in were operating one of the most difficult environments with one of the most, I think, the most difficult hub structures of anyone. And in Chicago, where weve got a direct competitor, weve had better D0 performance or better completion performance for 20 months in a row. I really credit to the team out there working hard every day to make sure our customers get to where they need to be on time, day in  flight in, flight out. And obviously, it didnt happen overnight. Weve got  as a result of the recovery of the operation, weve seen market share come back that we previously lost. And weve also seen our improving customer service beginning to pay dividends, and we see at our internal customer metrics, and that translates into customers choosing to fly United when they have a choice more often than not. And everything were doing here at United ties together from the world-class reliability to improving the product and customer service to the growth that drives customers to proactively choose United when given a choice.
Jamie Baker: Got it. Its very helpful. Definitely appreciate it. Thank you everybody.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Yes. Not to take anything away from that previous exchange you had with Jamie, but part of the reason why youre getting corporate travel is because youre spending so much on travel agency commissions. Youre up 30% year-on-year. Its tracking to like a $350 million expense for United, these travel agency commissions. So Im kind of curious to know how much corporate share are you buying with these incentive fees. And bigger picture, if you want to talk about it  because youre not the only one doing it, by the way. Everybody is ramping up these agency fees to hundreds of millions of dollars. So how do we make sure these things dont sort of spiral out of control and we have some sort of cost arms race like we had in the 90s on this?
Scott Kirby: So, we have increased our travel agency payments and corporate payments. I think if you went back and looked at the history, youd see that, that was a responsive measure as opposed to a leading measure, and really basically, our philosophy, were not going to lose share over something like that. Our goal is also not to win share through that, but to win share through being the airline that customers choose to fly, but we cant allow ourselves to lose share when our competitors are out trying to buy it.
Hunter Keay: Right. Okay, thats probably all you want to talk about there. I get it. Thanks for that, Scott. And then a couple of questions on cash usages in 2019. Can you help me think about pension contributions next year? And is $5 billion in CapEx  growth CapEx, a good starting point to think about that for 2019 given also the moving parts on the fleet front? Thanks a lot.
Gerry Laderman: Hey. On pension, a little too early to tell. Weve been contributing about $400 million a year to our pension and we are moving well into the direction of having a well-funded plan. So, a little bit too early to tell. We will know in January what our expected contributions for the year is, but it certainly wont be more than what weve been doing historically. With respect to CapEx generally, this year was a down year versus last year. Last year, we had about $4.7 billion of CapEx. This year, down, were in that $3.6 billion, $3.8 billion range. All I can say about next year, which is a year of more aircraft deliveries than this year, I dont expect it to exceed what we did last year. So, I think it would be well below the number you threw out there.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thanks, Gerry. Appreciate it.
Operator: From Citigroup, we have Kevin Crissey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: All right. Thanks for the time. Can you talk about the growth in your mid-continent hubs and particularly, like what aspects are creating the RASM outperformance? I assume because you highlighted those hubs as opportunities, they must have probably been underperforming in the prior year. So maybe, you could talk about it in terms of why youre getting such good RASM, how much of it is comp, how much of it is restructuring the hub, how much of its you just needed the overall volume of the growth? Any which way you could put that in context will be great. Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Kevin, its Andrew. Really pleased by what weve accomplished so far in Houston and Chicago. We dont think its easy comps. But I will say having looked at the performance of all the hubs, I think those three hubs in particular, including Denver, can produce higher margins for the company. And we went through the details of every nuts and bolts of how we put together our schedule. I think we quickly came to the conclusion that the schedules we previously offered did not provide the right patterns to our customers, the right frequency levels and the right level of connectivity. And those patterns, in fact, created more low-yield connectivity than high-yield connectivity. And so we went through a process this year or late last year, changing Houston and then Chicago early this year, where we reconnected every dot in a way that favored better yields and traffic onboard these aircraft, more connectivity, and it worked incredibly well. In fact, its exceeded our expectations. They were the fastest-growing part of the airline and RASM, in fact, grew faster there than the other slower parts of the airline. So we think that is a sign that this philosophy is working. We were now ready to embark on this same journey in Denver. In fact, the new schedule in Denver is loaded for sale. That new schedule includes one less bank of departures, which allow all the remaining banks to be bigger and have a different level of connectivity, which we again, expect to drive really good improved results in Denver year-over-year starting in late February. So really pleased by the performance, how we build these schedules matter. It is a gigantic jigsaw puzzle and we just were able to put that puzzle together in a much better way for our customers, and that is generating more revenue for the company.
Kevin Crissey: Thank you. And maybe, if I could follow up. Some of what you talk about sounds like it has elements of procyclicality, meaning more connections going for higher-yielding connectivity, maybe some investments in the lounges, et cetera. So theres certainly some concerns in the market about where we are in the cycle. Can you talk generally about where United is and how youre positioned? Should we be later in the cycle than maybe current demand suggests?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think were nimble and were well on our way towards our EPS targets, and were going to be making sure were in that direction. But Gerry, do you want to add to that?
Gerry Laderman: Yes. I think one of the important things to remember is the flexibility weve maintained in our fleet. Were always looking forward to see what can we do if we need to reduce aircraft from the flying schedule, and we have plenty of leased aircraft that we can return instead of buying off-lease, which is what weve been doing recently. And we have our older aircraft, which we can manage those retirements both to reflect what we need for capacity and also to manage costs and avoid maintenance expense as well. So, I think the fleet flexibility is critical to being able to adjust for whatever the cycle brings.
Kevin Crissey: Thank you so much for your time.
Operator: From Cowen, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks, operator. Hi everybody. Thank you so much for the time. And so just this question here, you said during the quarter, you were saying improved premium, I guess, premium numbers, yields and so on. How  can you say how much of that is because you had easy comps with storms last year? And how much of it is true revenue performance that will continue through the fourth quarter and beyond?
Andrew Nocella: Its Andrew. I think our guidance for the fourth quarter would tell you that its not just easy comps. I think we are putting together a schedule of products and services and delivering it incredibly reliably that its having a few more customers choose United, as Greg just laid out a few minutes ago. So were really pleased. And when we look at where were going in the fourth quarter, what the premium cabins look like so far in the fourth quarter, were excited about what the future holds.
Helane Becker: Okay. So, maybe, I can ask it differently, can you say how much premium products outperformed the economy products?
Andrew Nocella: I think I did in my script. It was 3.7 points better. I mean the premium cabins did really well across the board and the premium cabins even did fairly well to Latin America given the overall environment.
Helane Becker: Okay. And are you finding that you dont have enough opportunity to sell those products and that youre turning people away from that, or are you able to accommodate everybody who wants to be in that cabin?
Andrew Nocella: Thats a good question. And we spent a lot of time trying to figure out how many seats should be on our aircraft and how many seats should be in each and every cabin. Uniteds hubs are located in the best premium markets on the globe. They represent the majority of business traffic to and from the United States. It is something, I think, very unique to us. And so we think we have appropriately sized our cabins to accommodate the business class needs or the premium needs across the globe.  So I think we're pretty pleased with that, and we offer, I think, pretty large-sized cabins to make sure whether you're going to China or London Heathrow, we can do that. We continue to look at the number of premium class seats we have onboard on all our aircraft given where our hubs are located. And I think, actually, we'll have more to say on this in the future as we make sure that we have the right number onboard every single aircraft we have.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much. I appreciate it. And Oscar that was a nice job on CNBC this morning.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Helane.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Two here. Andrew, the industry, obviously, it's becoming very much of a real estate game. And when I look at your position in Newark, there is a new terminal going up. And I'm just curious, your footprint at that new terminal relative to what you have today, is it of similar size? Or do you have room to build out further? And I'm just asking this because as you go through these phases, where you pull markets out of Newark and put them into Dulles, there's probably some loss there, maybe it's connections, maybe these routes are loss leading and it makes the most sense. But I'm just curious on space opportunities that you have with the new airport and maybe the P&L impact of these changes as you move airplanes from one  air flights from one airport to another.
Andrew Nocella: All right. Mike, to be really clear, while we are moving certain markets out of Newark into Dulles, those are markets that tend to have no material local traffic to and from Newark. We are not reducing our footprint at the airport. So we have replaced the flights that we've removed with new incremental frequencies to the bigger destinations that have a much more larger population base to fly to and from New York, whether it be Nashville, Tennessee or Memphis or you name it. So our footprint's not declining at the airport at all. And in fact, by moving these flights around, we're offering better intercontinental connectivity for our global flights, and we're offering more local customers better choices for flights. So that is what we're doing in New York and that is better suited for Newark, and Dulles is better suited for these connecting traffic flows. So there is absolutely no reduction in Newark. And in fact, the number of seats we're offering on a Newark is growing as we use larger aircraft to these larger destinations. So we're really pleased by that. In terms of the new terminal in Newark, we're really excited by all the developments the Port is doing in Newark in terms of redeveloping the facilities, and we continue to work with them. I don't think we have anything to say today about United's exact footprint in that facility. But hopefully, we will in the future. And again, we're really excited about what we're doing in New York and Newark, in particular. And as I said in my script, the success of the changes we've already implemented, which happened earlier this month, is really beyond our expectations already. And we just announced Phase 2 of that given how well it's going.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. Just a quick one for Gerry. Gerry, would you know just roughly your split between fixed and floating rate debt on balance sheet?
Gerry Laderman: Roughly speaking, let's call it about 18-20.
Michael Linenberg: Okay. 18, fixed.
Gerry Laderman: Fixed, yes. Obviously, the bulk of the aircraft financing is all fixed. We have a little bit of aircraft financing floating. And then our term loan is the other big piece, but the vast majority is fixed.
Michael Linenberg: Thanks, Gerry. Thanks, thanks Andrew.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning everyone and thanks for taking my question. So Oscar or Gerry, you commented in your prepared remarks that you're well on track to hit your 2020 EPS targets. And I know you don't want to talk about 2019 right now. But can you give us two points here? What fuel are you assuming in that EPS range looking forward? And then secondly, should we be thinking this is a linear progression? Or are there upfront development costs in either revenue or the cost side that would make this more back-end loaded or front-end loaded?
Gerry Laderman: So on fuel, it's pretty simple. We always assume our forecast to forward curve and use that for our modeling purposes.
Scott Kirby: In terms of hitting our earnings target, however, we believe as has been demonstrated this year that there is a link between fuel prices and revenue. It does come with a short lag. But much like this year, if we just started the year and just look at the forward fuel curve, it went up pretty significantly. And our revenues and other initiatives kicked in to recover that increase in fuel price. And as we look at 2019 and at 2020, it really is not predicated on a price of fuel. It is predicated on the relationship between revenue and fuel price, and that's what gave us confidence earlier this year to put out a 2020 target. It's what gives us confidence today to say that we can have margin expansion next year and gives us confidence that we can hit the 2020 target of $11 to $13 because regardless of what fuel does, we believe we'll be able to recover those increases or those changes with the short lag.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. I appreciate that. And then on the CapEx question earlier, Gerry, should we be thinking that 9% to 10% of revenue is the right place to be looking forward? Or is that more in the expansionary phase here in United and it should taper off as we look out in the future?
Gerry Laderman: It depends. The visibility we have for 2019 is pretty solid. 2020 and beyond is too early to tell. Let me give you a couple of data points, though. So in a world where, let's say, we  and this was in the past where we weren't growing, just kind of maintenance CapEx for us would run roughly $3 billion to $3.5 billion. That's a combination of nonaircraft CapEx, which runs probably $1.5 billion a year, plus or minus a little bit. We can only adjust that just depending on circumstances. But then when you have an aircraft fleet of our size and you're just dealing with the natural replacement cycle, assuming 25-year, 30-year life on aircraft, that's what get you to kind of the $3 billion to $3.5 billion sort of what I would describe as maintenance CapEx. That's one of the reasons why as we grow, and obviously some of that growth will require additional aircraft, we want to mix the new aircraft with used aircraft to really manage our CapEx going forward.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: And from Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Good morning and thanks for your time. Scott, Andrew, a question for you on the 4Q PRASM guide. Can you maybe just break out how much of that 4% or so is attributable with the Gemini, the reversal of Basic Economy and the approach there and so on? And then also, just any initial thoughts on 2019 capacity?
Scott Kirby: Looking backwards, in fact, going all the way back to January or February last year when we were in New York, I think we said Gemini was worth roughly 0.7. We've analyzed how we think Gemini is doing, and we do think it's in that range, if not a little bit above that range. So we're pretty pleased by that, and we are continuing to make more improvements to the system. In fact, we made a number of significant tweaks this summer. So as those fully ramp up into the system, we think it has some upside going into 2019. We're not breaking out all the other initiatives. As I said when I started the call, we literally have hundreds of different things we're working on. Some of them are really big like Gemini, our redevelopment, our lounge network for Polaris or putting Premium Plus on aircraft, and some of them are really small that would never get anybody's attention. But we're all working together as one team and making sure we have a strong pipeline of items that can continue to drive incremental RASM as we go forward  or incremental margin, more to the point. And so we're really pleased by that. It requires a constant set of innovations and changes and building that pipeline to make sure that we can continue to do that as far as the eye can see. And I feel really comfortable that the whole commercial group is on target to continue to deliver that, and we're really pleased with the results so far.
Rajeev Lalwani: And 2019 capacity?
Scott Kirby: So we'll give formal 2019 capacity in January. We're in the process of building the budget. And the team is doing the bottoms-up build, which is how we build our capacity plan, not top-down. All of that is driven by the North star meeting or exceeding our 2020 earnings target of $11 to $13 per share. And we're not dogmatic about capacity. But to the extent it is the best way to achieve that, then we're going to be focused on achieving our commitment for the $11 to $13 per share in earnings. And as you look at what has happened in 2019, clearly, the growth plan has been successful so far. Our CASM is better than it otherwise would have been, our RASM is better than it otherwise would have been, our earnings, our margins better than they otherwise would have been. And so at least as we sit here today, it certainly feels like the growth plan is working well, and so it would be hard to abandon the growth plan and change our capacity plans as long as it's continuing to work well. But we'll give formal guidance in January.
Rajeev Lalwani: Okay. If I could just sneak one quick one in for Gerry. Gerry, is there anything included in the $11 to $13 number for buybacks?
Gerry Laderman: No, just very little.
Operator: Thank you. From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi, good morning everyone. Scott or maybe Andrew, kind of domestic pricing is really just finding its footing right now. But how do you think about the elasticity of demand and at what level of fares or fare growth would you be maybe become a little bit more concerned about volumes?
Scott Kirby: So demand has been inelastic. Almost any way you look at it, I think the price elasticity of demand for leisure travelers is about minus 0.7; and for business demand, it's about minus 0.3. Another way of thinking about this fares in real terms are down about 50% in the last 30 years. It's been great for consumers. It's been great for people being out and getting to travel. It's been good for the overall economy, but we have a very long way to go before we would get to a point where I think we need to worry about price elasticity impacting demand.
Andrew Didora: Interesting, thank you. And then maybe going back towards the focus in the mid-continent hubs. Can you maybe give us a bit of a status update on where the buildup has gone relative to plan? What inning are you in, in terms of the buildup there? And once you get past the rebanking in Denver, kind of what is left there in mid-continent? And I guess, I asked because the network focus of late, at least from some of the releases we've seen, seems to be centered a lot more around your East Coast hubs right now. Thanks.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I would say, we're still early in this particular game related to the hub restructures. Sometimes, you put these together and their required tweaks based on what you learn. Right now, I would just say, we're well ahead of where we thought we'd be in Houston and Chicago, and their performance, I think, shows it. And Denver's coming online. So I think there's more to come. We're going to learn a lot about Denver over the next six months in what we've got right and what potentially we'll tweak. We haven't made any significant changes to Houston or Chicago yet because they are performing really well, so that may be the end game at least for now. But what I will say about schedule just in general is it really is a jigsaw puzzle that we've put together time after time as we create the schedule, and the group just loves to do that. And so the answer does change based on all the factors that go into it, whether it be the macro economy and what competition is doing. And we're going to be nimble, and we'll continue to adjust. But we think we're still relatively early in the game. Denver is about to come upon us in a few months, and we're excited about what we've seen so far. And we will likely make more tweaks to make it even better going forward.
Andrew Didora: Understood. Thank you everyone.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead
Dan McKenzie: Hey, good morning thanks guys. With respect to the commentary about margin expansion in 2019, that's just not a part of the investor conversations that I'm having. I'm just wondering if you can just help us understand or pinpoint with more specificity where that confidence is coming from. Is it macro driven? Is it the commercial initiatives that are ahead of schedule? And for example, if you were looking for $600 million in net revenue improvement from the network initiatives, is it because you're getting the $600 million today already? I'm just wondering if you could just help us pinpoint where that confidence is coming from on the revenue side.
Scott Kirby: Well, on a high level, it's everything. It's cost discipline. It's running a good operation. It's great customer service. It is all the commercial initiatives that you talked about. So it's not one single element. And look, we've got 100% recovery of earnings in the third quarter, not the margin expansion. But if we have had this call three weeks ago, we would have expected that we had a good shot at margin expansion in the fourth quarter. Now fuel ran a couple hundred million dollars increase or so for the fourth quarter in the last couple of weeks. And as we said, that's hard to recover in the short term. But we're almost there right now. And we think all of those initiatives we're going to  Gerry said in his prepared remarks, we're confident that we're going to have CASM flat or better next year. So we have that going for us. We are confident that the customer service and operational performance will continue to be leading  world leading. And the commercial initiatives just continue to hit on almost all cylinders. And so you put all that together, we really feel like we're on track next year to not just grow earnings and EPS, but also to expand margins because we're on the trajectory to do it right now.
Dan McKenzie: Perfect. thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Wall Street Journal, we have Alison Sider. Please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Hi, thank you so much. You talked a lot about the strength in premium. I was wondering if you could if you could tell us anything about whether fares for premium products are rising faster than for economy in the main cabin.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. In looking back over the last few months, we did more premium cabin growth and load factors than we did in yield or otherwise fares. So I would say, our premium fares were up, but they were  the change in our PRASM on the business class cabins, particularly across the Atlantic, had more to do with higher paid load factors, which we're really pleased to see. So going forward, I think I see a little bit more yield strength than load factor. I think we're going to have both that I now see yield kicking in more going forward as we head into the fourth quarter for the premium business.
Alison Sider: Thanks. And if I could just ask one more. You mentioned sort of demand for Economy Plus driving ancillary revenue. I was wondering if you could tell us a little more about what  at what rate people are kind of buying up to Economy Plus and also whether that includes plans that you all discussed to sort of charge extra for the preferred seats that are still within economy but may be closer to the front.
Andrew Nocella: That does  I think we haven't officially launched that yet. We've talked about it, the latter, in terms of preferred seats. Economy Plus has just been a great hit. We have a large Economy Plus cabin onboard our aircraft, and we are working every day on more and more ways to make people realize that we have that particular product available, which provides a little bit more legroom and the seat closer to the front of the airplane. And I think really the secret recipe here is making it available and making it seen by more passengers and more distribution outlets year-over-year. And so our digital team is working hard at that, and that is I think driving the result that we talk about on the call. So we will continue to make sure we make that product available, as widely dispersed as possible. And I think that alone will drive the growth. And we do have more paid load factor room in that section of the aircraft, so we're excited to see what we can deliver on that line item in 2019.
Alison Sider: Thanks.
Operator: And from Bloomberg News, we have Justin Bachman. Please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Yes hi guys thanks for the time. I wanted to ask a little bit about what's driving the business traffic and what's driving yields there in terms of whether it's greater volumes from your corporate contracts or if it's close-in bookings. Or what are you seeing and some other color on what's behind the business traveler?
Andrew Nocella: It may differ a little bit by region. But overall, globally, it's strong. It's not even  it's even, I think, decent in Latin America, quite honestly. It's coming across the board, though. Our sales force has been out there pounding the tree, as we've talked about on the past calls, and doing a great job. But more importantly, we're running a great operation, and that is helping people choose United in greater ways than they've ever done before. And we're rolling out what is a fantastic business class product that we talk about as Polaris. We have one aircraft entering the fleet every 10 days with Polaris seats, and those seats are just really best-in-class. And I think we have a lot of runway to go. I can't wait until we have Polaris business class seats on every single one of our widebody jets. It can't come soon enough.
Justin Bachman: Great, thank you.
Operator: From USA Today, we have Dawn Gilbertson. Please go ahead.
Dawn Gilbertson: Hi good morning Andrew, this question is  and you may have answered it in a roundabout way in your opening comments. But on Basic Economy, do you guys have any plans to change your carry-on bag restriction like American did in September; and if not, why not?
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Dawn. how are you?
Dawn Gilbertson: Good.
Andrew Nocella: It has been a year from yet. On Basic, we are happy with where we're at. The way we designed Basic was carefully constructed to be, I think, a win for allowing us to segment our products, to allow us to compete effectively against the ultralow-cost competitors and allow our operation to deliver better results for everybody in terms of on-time departures. And it's working as designed, and so we're full speed ahead with where we're at.
Dawn Gilbertson: So no plan to change that policy on the carry-on bag?
Andrew Nocella: There are no plans to change any policies.
Operator: And from CNBC, we have Leslie Josephs. Please go ahead.
Leslie Josephs: Hi good morning. I saw there was a lot of growth in regional. Could you update me on where you guys are with possible scope release with your negotiations with pilots? And also just a question for Oscar. Do you want to stay on past 2020? You have a 5-year agreement, right? It is a turnaround.
Scott Kirby: So I'll start with scope. I'll give it in a second forward to Oscar. First, we are in negotiations with our pilots. Those are progressing, and there's cordial tone at the table, cooperative tone. We disagree on some things but are working together to understand each side's perspective. With regard to scope, I and all of us at United fully understand the history that our pilots have had and where they have seen their jobs outsourced to regionals, certainly, their perspective, and their perspective I would agree with. And because of that, they are sensitive on scope. But the world is different today. We are growing United mainline, and it's working well, and we intend to continue that. And that's what matters to our pilots. And if we can find a way  we will find a way where we can use regionals to have competitive scope. We need to have competitive scope with American and Delta. The competitive scope that helps fuel the growth for mainline, that's going to be a win-win for everyone. And I am confident that we will ultimately get to a place that is good for our pilots, that they think it's good for them and that is good for the company as well.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-18 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2018. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference for today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mike Leskinen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. You may go ahead, sir.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to Uniteds second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three documents are available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and investor update, the accompanied presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our Web site. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. And now, Id like to turn over the call to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everybody and thank you for being on the call today. While we go over a great second quarter even in the face of some external headwinds that had an impact on our entire industry, our growth plan and our commitment to a high standard of operational performance has put us in a position and leaves us feeling very optimistic about the second half of the year. As you all know, three of the critical areas that we are focusing on in order to deliver on our strategic growth plan are; one, financial discipline, our operational reliability and of course customer service. In the second quarter, we continued to perform strongly and made strides forward on all those three fronts. Let me first start with the customer. We have a steady cadence of initiatives that we are rolling out that will elevate the United customer experience to a new level making us the airline that customers want to fly and return to time and again. We finished another quarter with industry leading on-time departures. Also we achieved the top end of our guidance range despite higher fuel prices due to both strong revenue and discipline cost management. I want to thank our more than 90,000 employees and tens of thousands of others who support us for their outstanding work and dedication to keep our airline running safe and on time. Id like to turn to the financials on Slide 4. Yesterday, we reported adjusted pre-tax earnings of $1.1 billion with an adjusted pre-tax margin of 10.4%. Our adjusted earnings per share of $3.23 were 17% higher than our second quarter adjusted earnings per share last year. This performance reflects both the strong results we are already seeing from our revenue initiatives which are delivering ahead of expectations as well as our continued strong cost discipline. Next, on Slide 5, I want to focus on what were doing to elevate the United experience for both our employees and customers because that remains absolutely key to achieving our longer-term objectives. We are continuing to implement our core4 training which is empowering our employees to better care for our customers. Simply the core4 is about adding flexibility to a previously rigid and rule-based system. Across our airline we are continuing to put the customer at the center of everything that we do because as we all know in the long term thats how we can make United the airline that customer choose to fly. On our newsworthy note by our next earnings call in October Im excited to say that we will have completed the integration of our flight attendant groups and will be flying together on common metal, pause for applaud here, and serving our customers better than ever because we will truly be a united United airline. Now as we continue to invest in our people, we are also investing in our product. We have achieved what I would call an operational temple with the roll-out of Uniteds Polaris business class service and Im pleased to say that a new Polaris equipped aircraft is entering service every 10 days on average through 2020. This new aircraft combined with our world-class Polaris lounges give our customers the industry leading international business class experience. Turning to Slide 6, our performance in financial outcome in the second quarter has further increased our confidence that we can offset the higher fuel prices that the entire industry is facing. Through the end of the second quarter, weve recaptured approximately 75% of the earning headway from higher fuel through higher yield and commercial and operational initiatives. We expect revenue to continue to be highly correlated with fuel prices but importantly we plan to manage the business to maximize profitability as we move forward in implementing our growth plan. Scott will address in more detail later in the presentation about our guardrails as the management team are our adjusted EPS guidance, not ASM growth. If the fuel environment shifts or for that matter anything else in the macro environment changes, weve demonstrated the ability to nimbly manage the challenges posed by the current environment. And so in putting all of this together, Im pleased to say that were raising our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. Our new guidance range is $7.25 to $8.75 and reflects the higher fuel prices that we expect will be more than offset by both revenue and continued cost discipline. This is the best evidence that our growth plan is working and adds to our confidence and our strategic plan to deliver $11.00 to $13.00 in adjusted EPS in 2020. Now before I turn the call over to Scott, Id like to quickly update you on our CFO search. It is progressing quickly. Were down to a very short list. Were committed to recruiting an executive with airline experience who strikes the right balance as a business partner. Gerry Laderman is doing a phenomenal job in this role and our commitment to cost discipline remains as strong as ever. With that, heres Scott.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Id like to start by thanking the entire United team for delivering another quarter of top tier operational performance. Our growth plan and our commitment to customers is all built on the foundation of running a great operation. We were number one among our primary competitors for D0 [ph] for the quarter. Were continuing to build momentum in operational performance and Im proud to be a member of the United team thats delivering these excellent results. Moving on to the revenue environment, we continue to see broad-based strength across all regions with the exception of Latin America. Andrew will provide a more detail. Were very happy that early returns from our commercial, operational and growth plan initiatives are already showing up in our results. Id also like to recommend our cargo team for an excellent start to the year. They continue to run several years of improving results with first half revenue up 19% year-over-year. Theyve also done a terrific job in providing specialized product and services to our customers and their efforts are reflected in our results and strong operational performance. Reliability is particularly important to cargo customers, so our operational improvement gives the cargo team a fantastic product to sell to customers. Im sure that youve all seen that we also lowered our full year capacity outlook to the lower end of the range. While the growth plan in our commercial and operational initiatives are exceeding our expectations at this admittedly early stage, this capacity reduction is just the expected result of higher fuel prices. As Oscar said, were currently recovering about 75% of the fuel price increase but thats not 100% yet. And as a result, our scheduling team simply trims back some flights at the margin. One of the questions were hearing from investors lately is what happens if the economy tips into a recession or a trade war impact demands. To address that, Ill take a minute to describe our guiding principles and our flexibility to respond to adverse macroeconomic conditions. To start, our guiding financial principle is hitting our adjusted earnings per share targets both this year and through 2020. The capacity plan that we announced in January are a means to that end that we believe will allow us to maximize profitability. But if fuel, the economy or anything else disrupts that, we have significant flexibility to respond with capacity reductions even without deferring deliveries or reducing aircraft utilization which are always available and are generally not the best option. In the event of a downturn, we can easily return a leased aircraft at lease expiration and/or retire our older aircraft and use these retired aircraft to support the rest of the operation. When an older aircraft comes due for engine and airframe overhaul, we can either complete the overhauls and continue flying it or alternatively we can ground the aircraft and essentially use many of the parts from these aircraft as spare and replacement parts for the remaining fleet. The economic impact of retiring the aircraft is actually positive to the P&L because we both avoid the expense of the overhauls and save on inventory costs since using the parts from our retired aircraft and is less expensive than sourcing new parts from third parties. Thats one of the key reasons we have been and remain active in the used aircraft market. It gives us valuable flexibility to respond to a downturn if that is needed. While it would obviously require a pretty severe downturn to use all of our flexibility, we have the flexibility to reduce the fleet by up to double-digit percentages per year if that was required. Weve built the fleet plan that allows us to capitalize on these opportunities, inherit in the growth plan, but while still maintaining the flexibility to quickly respond to adverse conditions. That, however, is not what we expect to have to do because everything we see today says that demand is strong. We at the management team are focused on delivering our $7.25 to $8.75 in adjusted EPS this year and $11.00 to $13.00 in adjusted EPS in 2020. We acknowledge that we cant predict the macro environment but were prepared to adjust our strategy as we march towards those EPS goals. To try and wrap up, were pleased with how the first half of the year has gone but know that we have plenty of work to do in the second half and in the years to come. You can see that our team is running a reliable operation and were committed to growing it efficiently and productively as we expand our Mid-Continent connecting us. We also know that none of that matters or not also in an airline that customers want to fly. Im happy to say that the core4 is showing early signs of success as customer satisfaction scores are moving in the right direction and thats because were letting our people do what they do best; take care of our customers and each other. We realize we have a lot of work to do to regain customer confidence into core4 along with our other investments and initiatives are designed to trigger a permanent shift in our culture as we become the United we all want to be. Weve just started unlocking Uniteds full potential. Weve seen some of our best results in our Mid-Continent hubs as weve increased overall connectivity and productivity. Were optimistic that the second half will continue that momentum and its with these results in our early bookings for the third quarter that we felt comfortable increasing our full year 2018 EPS guidance again today. With that, Ill turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Scott. Taking a look at the revenue environment on Slide 15, we reported a 3% increase in system PRASM year-over-year for the second quarter at the high end of our expectations. Domestic PRASM improved 1.7% year-over-year in the quarter. We saw growing strength as we moved through the quarter with overall demand and increased market share well ahead of our expectations. Strong performance from our revenue management team and Gemini, our new yield revenue management system, combined with an improving pricing environment allowed us to drive higher domestic PRASM even in tough industry conditions. Additionally, our pure domestic revenues actually outperformed the domestic portion of international journey or DPIJ in the year-over-year growth as our rebanking and other initiatives really began to take hold. Corporate revenues were up double digit year-over-year, well outpaced in our top line growth. We continue to look for sales opportunities to better position ourselves across all channels and products. Once again the Atlantic region had the strongest year-over-year PRASM of any region in the quarter, increasing 7.9%. We saw revenue trends each month in the quarter and now have seen improvements for six consecutive quarters. This positive year-over-year PRASM momentum is driven by strong load factor performance in both cabins, up over 5 percentage points on a year-over-year as well as 2 points PRASM benefit from foreign exchange. Our Transatlantic joint venture with Lufthansa and Air Canada is working better than ever and all our new planes are ahead of our financial projections. While the Atlantic had our strongest PRASM performance, it actually made the most progress in the Pacific. PRASM was up 3.4 points year-over-year, the first positive quarter in the region since the third quarter of 2014. Guam has rebounded nicely and our outlook shows improved results for the remainder of the year as well. With demand recovered in Guam, we plan to begin to restore capacity later this year in Guam as we schedule widebody jets on flights to Tokyo in place of our 737s. Overall, forward-looking trends for this summer look very promising for both the Atlantic and Pacific with the anticipated continued trends in demand for both cabins. Our Latin entity trailed the Atlantic and Pacific in performance and was the only region with negative revenue performance being down 2.9% in the quarter. While the region is more challenged than others, flights to Mexico, these destinations in particular had pretty severe demand weakness due to increased supply and travel warnings. We made adjustments to capacity in this region and we continue to monitor our capacity levels in the region going forward. We expect that Latin performance will trail other regions for the remainder of 2018. Looking ahead, we anticipate third quarter PRASM to be up between 4% and 6% year-over-year with strong performance in all regions other than Latin America. Moving to Slide 16, Id like to give an update on some of our commercial initiatives. Were excited to have a long list of initiatives still ahead of us that we expect to drive better revenue and margin performance. Our commercial initiatives are also focused on raising the bar and delivering better experience to our employees and customers on every flight and in every touch point. Weve only just begun. Theres a lot of runway and a lot of incremental improvements for years to come. As of the end of the first quarter, Gemini, our new revenue management system was rolled out on all flights. We quickly had it run on all cabins in the second quarter to compete the rollout and results have exceeded our expectations. Im really proud of the whole team involved in the rollout and we believe our second quarter results and third quarter outlook reflect the power of Gemini in action. We continue to make enhancements to Gemini and we believe will drive incremental value for years. In the quarter, we expanded Basic Economy to parts of Latin America and introduced a Basic Economy-like fare to Europe. And so far the roll ahead has gone as planned. While theres still room for further optimization, it has been an effective competitive tool and we plan to continue to expand its use in the U.S. and abroad. In the second quarter, we observed strong results following our rebank initiatives in Houston and Chicago. One of the goals with rebank was to give customers in short-haul cities more options when connected. In Houston and Chicago combined we saw over a 10% increase in both big medium to small city revenue and almost a 20% increase in small to small city revenue. Were very pleased by these results in these markets and are seeing nearly double-digit RASM improvements in small Houston markets. We intend to use these learnings to drive better results in other hubs and are on track to rebank Denver as promised in early 2019. On the co-brand card, we launched a new United Explorer card in the beginning of June. Along with Chase weve invested in a new marketing campaign that highlights the cards appealing new benefits that are tailored to our travel-savvy customers and provide additional value to both new and existing card members. Even though this rollout didnt occur until June, during the quarter we saw a record low attrition, over 10% card growth acquisitions and about a 3% increase in spend. This is the fastest rate year-over-year of card acquisition growth weve seen since the third quarter of 2015. We expect year-over-year growth in card acquisitions to grow faster in the third and fourth quarter. Moving to Polaris on Slide 17, as Oscar mentioned, we continue to be on track with our aircraft reconfiguration schedule and currently have 29 aircraft flying with the new seat. In the quarter, we also opened three new Polaris lounges in San Francisco, Newark and Houston. Early feedback on the lounges have been extremely positive. We plan to open the Los Angeles lounge later this year and Washington-Dulles by the end of 2019. So in summary, we feel the revenue environment is robust and that we are set up for strong third quarter. Our growth in commercial initiatives have taken off in the right direction and we feel confident that those initiatives will offset increases in fuel and enable us to reach our long-term adjusted EPS targets. And with that, Ill turn it over to Gerry to review our financial results.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Before getting the numbers, I just want to say how happy I am to be back for a return engagement. I can honestly say that its a lot more fun this time around. As youve heard, theres terrific momentum at United. In addition, I have the pleasure of working with the great group of colleagues on the executive team and the best financial organization in the business. And for those of you wondering, you can be assured that we continue to execute on our cost initiatives and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Yesterday afternoon, we released our second quarter 2018 earnings and our third quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for the details. But for the highlights, Slide 19 is a summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 20 shows our adjusted results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.23. Thats 17% higher than the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted pre-tax income was $1.1 billion and adjusted pre-tax margin was 10.4%. Slide 21 shows our total unit costs for the second quarter 2018 and our estimates for the third quarter and full year. Turning now to Slide 22. Non-fuel unit cost for the second quarter decreased 0.4% on a year-over-year basis versus our original expectation of flat to up 1%. This dip on cost performance was due to several factors, including the timing of certain maintenance and IT expenses moving into the second half of the year, early results on our initiatives to drive increased cost savings through efficiencies and our supply chain and optimizing our maintenance program checks. I want to thank everyone at United for continuing our efforts to manage cost effectively. This is particularly important in a higher fuel price environment. We expect third quarter non-fuel unit cost to be flat to down 1% compared to the third quarter of 2017. This guidance is consistent with our prior commentary for second half cost performance as we lap the ramp up of the 50-seat plan that began a year ago and continue to see the benefits of our cost savings initiatives. Also, our capacity growth rate is expected to be higher in the second half with much of the increased rate of growth driven by flying during off-peak periods that had low marginal unit costs. Overall, we remain confident in our non-fuel unit cost guidance of down 1% to flat for the full year 2018. As described on Slide 23, we have purchased just under $1 billion of our shares in the first half of 2018. This represents about 5% of total shares outstanding at the end of 2017. We currently have $2 billion remaining in share repurchase authority and plan to continue to opportunistically return excess cash to shareholders to repurchases of our stock. At the same time, we will ensure that our balance sheet remains strong with debt levels that are manageable throughout the economic cycle. For 2018, we continue to expect adjusted capital expenditures to be between $3.6 billion and $3.8 billion. On freight, we took delivery of one Boeing 777-300ER and six Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft in the second quarter. We are the first North American carrier to operate the MAX 9 which began schedule flying in early June. The performance of the aircraft has been excellent so far and we look forward to taking four additional aircraft this year. In addition, yesterday we took delivery of the first of three used Boeing 767-300 aircraft we expect to receive this year and we also expect to welcome the Boeing 787-10 into our fleet with three scheduled to arrive in the fourth quarter. As we announced on Monday, weve agreed to purchase four more Boeing 787 and 24 more Embraer E175 aircraft. The 787s will enter into service in 2020 and replace older international widebody aircraft. The E175s will deliver next year and replace aging CRJ700s. Like the aircraft theyre replacing, these E175s are expected to be configured with 70 seats. We are also actively looking for additional used aircraft to provide flexibility, as Scott mentioned, and to ensure that as we grow we do so in a capital efficient way. At the moment, we are focusing on a number of potentially attractive opportunities to supplement our new aircraft order book. Slide 24 includes a summary of our current guidance including third quarters projected fuel price range using the July 13 fuel curve. The range provided for capital, revenue and cost implies a third quarter adjusted pre-tax margin between 8% and 10%. And as Oscar and Scott mentioned earlier, on Slide 25 we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.25 to a new range of $7.25 to $8.75. The results we have delivered in the first half of the year have increased our confidence in our ability to deliver adjusted EPS in this new range. With that, I will now turn it to Mike to begin the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Gerry. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. From UBS we have Darryl Genovesi, please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. Good quarter. I guess Scott can you  I know youre not ready to explicitly guide Q4 yet, but the last couple of years fourth quarter RASM has meaningfully exceeded expectations and its not entirely clear to me why. Could you just comment qualitatively on what factors you think drove Q4 sequential RASM improvement in 2016 and '17 and whether you think those factors are in place again this year?
Scott Kirby: Ill try and Ill look to Andrew to add to it if he wants to. Last year we obviously had a lot of one-time issues in the third quarter that would have made the third quarter to fourth quarter sequentials look better, things like Guam and the hurricane that would have made them look better. And Im not sure if there was anything specific into '16 but were hoping particularly if you strip out the one-time stuff that happened last year to actually see strong sequential performance again in the fourth quarter. And as we just look at the overall demand environment, it continues to strengthen if anything as weve gone through the first half of the year. Every month seems to just get better and better. So were cautiously optimistic that we can wind up doing better in the fourth quarter even though we currently expect.
Darryl Genovesi: Thank you. Just another question that I had on the fuel recovery. Youre saying youre recovering 70% of the fuel move. How do you  I guess how do you measure that? How do you separate the fuel impact on revenue from what may have originally been a forecasting error? And I guess the reason I ask is because you say youre recovering 70% of the fuel move but your EPS guidance has moved up which could be characterized as more than 100% fuel recovery.
Gerry Laderman: Hi, Darryl. Its Gerry. My mother was a math professor and the one thing she taught me was arithmetic and this is simply arithmetic. So if you take our fuel guidance and the forward curve, were looking at about lets say a $2 billion increase in fuel expense. So the question is, how much of that 2 billion do we see  we recover? If you take the midpoint of the EPS guidance and kind of use that to calculate pre-tax, basically thats the math that gets you up to 75% of that 2 billion being recovered.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. And whats the difference that takes you to from your guidance point to beginning of the year to where it is today, because it would seem that should be an additional increment? If youre following me, I mean fuel went up, right, revenue went up and EPS went up.
Scott Kirby: Darryl, we can take that offline and Ill follow up with you. But you can see what weve done with PRASM and revenue improving as fuels improved. But thats a separate question than our calculation.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And from JPMorgan we have Jamie Baker, please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hi. Good morning, everybody. First question I suppose for Scott or Andrew and its a question on pricing but Ill try to ask it in a way that you can answer it. So were seeing considerably more time channel pricing in many of your markets while at the same time were not really seeing any substantive broad-based change in domestic fares. So what Im trying to sort out is if the former is material and to what extent it may be contributing to your RASM momentum, largely because I doubt it was something that was originally in your plan at the start of the year?
Scott Kirby: I think the industry continues to get wiser on how to price and sell. We at United work it really hard. We obviously have a new revenue management system that has allowed us to perform even better. So I would say that there is more use of time verified fares in the marketplace today and I think  I dont want to go into a lot of details around it but thats just an evolution of pricing and thats kind of where we are and I think were happy with our progress in our quarter.
Jamie Baker: Would you characterize it as sort of fully rolled out at the industry level at this point or potentially more to come in that regard?
Scott Kirby: I have no idea.
Jamie Baker: Okay, all right. Thats fair. And second and probably for Oscar and look, I hate sounding like a broken record this earning season but the industry is clearly working. United is clearly working and showing momentum. But the message is just not getting through to the market. Earnings multiples are a joke and its probably kind of the kindest four letter word that I can think of to describe them. So the question is, what else is needed at the industry level? Is there something structural that still needs to be addressed? Is there something that you, Oscar, personally could draw on given your experience outside the airline industry? Whats it going to take to get the derisking message through to investors so that multiples that better reflect the current industry output?
Oscar Munoz: Yes, Jamie, I think its  Id use the term [Technical Difficulty] and the railroad industry was one of very high, very high capacity, very low demand, no possibility of yield. Its all about stripping out costs and the rebating aspect took time. It took a couple cycles, downward cycles where we lived through it; cash return, dividends, everything came back in. So I think from my perspective and Im sure Scott and Id ask him to add in, but proof not promise is my broader umbrella terminology. And Scott, you probably want to add to that a little bit.
Scott Kirby: Sure. Jamie, as somebody who has followed not just airlines Ive worked at but all of my competitors over the year pretty intensely, I think one being that as an industry weve done a poor job of is meeting our long-term targets. And there have been a number of airlines over the years who have given whether it was EPS targets, margin targets, CASM-ex targets, absolute earnings ranges and as I just think of it off the top of my head I only think of one airline that I remember that actually met those targets and that was Southwest made a heroic target back in 2012, 2014 and they met their number and they followed through on that commitment. They happen to have a premium multiple compared to the rest. Thats not obviously the only reason. But I think if we as an industry have had a history of putting out targets that we dont meet, how can we expect investors to take those at face value and to trust them. So United, thats all we can control of course, but we have adopted a no-excuses-sir mentality. Weve made commitments to everyone on this call that we are going to hit $11.00, $13.00 in earnings per share by 2020 and that were going to have a CASM thats down over that time period. And in the short term we will have time as we mis-forecast because things happen that you just cant adjust quickly enough. When we look out over the longer-term horizon whether its a full year, even a full year can be where things can happen. But certainly when we look out to three years, there are going to be unexpected bad things happen. Instead of using those as excuses and coming back to you and saying, well, fuel went up or we decided to make a fleet order or whatever it is, were going to meet our numbers. Were going to move heaven and earth and sometimes that means making hard decisions, but we take those as real commitments. And were going to do everything in our power to hit those numbers, including making changes and making hard decisions when we have to because we view those as commitments that weve got to hit. And that I think is a different philosophy. Its been what Im used to in the industry. Its the same as Oscars proof not promise, a lot more words. And I think that at United Airlines if we do that and we intend to do that, our multiple will change.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, and I would just punctuate all of that with the fact that it isnt easy, right. If we have to balance this with our customers, with our employees and obviously with our investors and I think thats what causes the difficulty. But as weve proven at least for a short period of time weve been able to do that and thats going to be our continued focus.
Jamie Baker: Gentlemen, thats great feedback. Thanks for taking the time today. Take care.
Operator: From Buckingham Research we have Dan McKenzie, please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Hi. Good morning, guys. Corporate revenue up double digits. That seems to be a share shift that maybe you can clarify. And the question here really is, how is corporate revenue tracking relative to your initial expectation this year? And what kind of share shift is factored in to the EPS targets? And I really appreciate the prior commentary and I think that investors are going to find that very helpful.
Scott Kirby: We had a really good quarter on corporate revenue, up double digits and were really proud again of the sales team for doing that. I looked back last week and there was another airline that reported pretty strong corporate results as well and revenue. So Im not sure that our numbers imply any significant share shift. Our teams are there every day promoting a great product on United Airlines. Its getting better every day. And hopefully more customers will choose United and I think they already are. It shows up in our numbers. But theres no specified share shift number in our EPS target and were really proud of the team and were really proud of our performance in the quarter. And energy in particular was strong that uniquely I think benefits United Airlines given where our hubs are. And so that of course isnt a share shift story; that is an energy story. And technology was also strong and again that uniquely benefits I think United Airlines.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. And I guess a greater expansion of Basic Economy internationally, Im just wondering if you can talk about sort of what kind of revenue impact youre seeing at the system level from not having that and how that might be an incremental benefit as we look ahead?
Andrew Nocella: The rollout continues. Im very happy with it and there is more to come both here in the United States and globally. We added some of our Latin beach destinations in the quarter and we also put a basic-like fare across the Atlantic to many of our destinations in Europe. Those things are going well. It is about segmentation. It is about customer choice. And theyre all adding up to exactly what we hoped to do. Its a great competitive tool and were going to use it even more and more. And I think thats my answer.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it, guys.
Operator: From Bank of America we have Andrew Didora, please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi. Good morning everyone and great results here. Maybe first one for Oscar or Scott. One of your large peers spoke about returning to margin growth at some point in 4Q. On my math the way you get good [ph] margins for all of 4Q is at the high end of your EPS guide. I know EPS is kind of your guiding post right now but maybe can you talk a little bit about, one, how important are margins to you? And two, what are you focused on to get margins back on an upward trajectory?
Oscar Munoz: Thanks. Margins are incredibly important to us. The only way were going to hit our EPS target is to grow our margins. As we look out at the balance of the year if you just do the math, our full year EPS guidance as youve done at the midpoint implies margins are still down a little bit in the fourth quarter. But we are certainly within shouting distance having margins grow. And we are hopeful that we will actually have margins growing by the fourth quarter of this year. At the midpoint of our guidance it would imply that theyre going to be down a little bit but it is close enough that we are hopeful that we will have margins growing by the end of the year.
Andrew Didora: Okay. And then just second, Scott or maybe Gerry here. I know your unit cost growth has been  its been coming in every quarter since I think early 2017 which really coincided with a more significant improvement in your on-time performance. I guess how much of this cost improvement do you think is attributable to the better operation? And then maybe to use a baseball analogy, what inning do you think youre in, in terms of this improving in on-time? Thanks a lot.
Scott Kirby: Ill try. I wish Greg Hart was here. Hes our Chief Operating Officer. Hes not with us today. He could brag on the operating team. Ill look at Gerry to talk about the numbers specifically. But running a great operation is incredibly important for customer service and it also has the side benefit of helping on cost. Theres nothing more expensive than running a bad operation.
Gerry Laderman: If you remember a few years ago when there were some buffers in the business, weve been able to reduce those buffers and that goes right to cost. And being able to run that operation, I spoke to people and giving them the tools to be able to really turn an aircraft faster and just run that great operation. At the same time, we are able to look beyond that to other parts of the business where we can really drive those costs, particularly lets say on the tech op side where were able to create more efficient maintenance cycles, more efficient engine maintenance, things like that that continue to bring savings. Thats why were comfortable with our full year cost guidance.
Oscar Munoz: Andrew, this is Oscar and I just would jump right in on something that again very similar industry in my history. One thing Ive learned there as CFO and as an operating guy, running better is running cheaper and that is a huge fundamental benefit to the overall P&L when you do what youre supposed to do in a good and efficient way. And so I think its all contributing to our success.
Andrew Didora: Thats great. Thanks everyone.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay, please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Gerry, you said its a lot more fun this time around in your second iteration as acting CFO. Id like to talk about that for a second. As Ive seen United  weve all seen United have some runs where the market gets really excited about extrapolating some momentum into long-term success and that under earning arguments starts to gain momentum, and then something happens. Not some PR fiasco but like a real financial earnings setback. So in your view, someone whos been here, what are some of the things that youre seeing that feel stickier this time around that you can maybe quantify or a little more tangible nature than maybe last time where it didnt really take?
Gerry Laderman: Hunter, its those things you talked about. Ill start with the plan. We saw where we were missing opportunities. We now have a plan where we are capturing those opportunities. The whole domestic network strategy that Andrews team is implementing, thats new, thats different, thats going to stick. The cost initiatives, weve been good at that over the years but with that long-term focus on EPS, it means its becoming embedded in the way we think. The entire leadership team is on board, understands that to meet Scotts target you got to look at the cost side. So theres terrific cost discipline and thats a culture shift in the company that I think is here to stay. And thats if we get to where I think the biggest change which is just the way people feel about coming to work. I saw this before at a company I used to work for 20 years ago that you start listening to your employees. Look what Oscar has done over the last two years with all that. Weve seen that before and weve seen that fit. So you take all that together thats terrific. What worries me are those things [indiscernible] fuels a little more volatile than its been but were managing that I think just fine. And then you always have those geopolitical events that affect everybody and I keep my fingers crossed that those will be avoided for a while.
Oscar Munoz: Its Oscar. Let me just add just a quick  at least from a long-term perspective having been a Board member and youve seen me in both roles. I think one of the fundamental differences is indeed and Ive said this before especially in January the plan that we have build is as solid, is as detailed, is as thoughtful and structured and with the support of our operational reliability and our people behind it, I think thats whats making the difference. Theyre a very committed group and its nice to see and its well deserved recognition here for these two quarters. But well continue on.
Hunter Keay: Great. Thanks. And then a question for Scott. What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of operating large gauge RJs in-house with your own pilots as opposed to third-party agreements?
Scott Kirby: Well, its simple. Its economics. The issue is all about economics. And one of the things that all of us here at United and I personally am proud of over the last five or six years is what weve been able to do with pay for our employees. And they went through an awful lot in the decade or so following 9/11 and its been great to have contracts with the kind of pay raises at least and then that [indiscernible] no one would have thought was possible. And Im really proud of that and happy for people and they deserve it. What that means, however, is we have a cost structure that simply doesnt work on small airplanes. We need to spread those costs out over a larger number of seats. Ive been trying to spread them out over 70 or 80 seats. It simply doesnt work. And flying a regional jet at the mainline is north of $1 million per year per airplane and these are airplanes that generate $9 million, $10 million in revenue and make 8%, 9% margins. And so you can do the math. You take an airplane thats nicely profitable and you turn it unprofitable with that kind of cost structure. And so its purely about economics. The great news is, is that were growing the mainline. What our employees really care about is opportunity for them to fly big airplanes, fly widebody and fly large narrowbody. And our growth plan is designed to do just that. I think that United Airlines  I get asked  as an ex-Air Force guy, I occasionally get asked by people in the Air Force a recommendation on what airline to go fly at and I can honestly tell them and have been that the best and fastest carrier growth opportunities for pilots is at United Airlines because we are growing the mainline and we have opportunity to continue the grow plan and growing out our Mid-Continent hubs. And thats whats important to our pilots and thats what were focused on delivering for them.
Hunter Keay: Thank you very much.
Operator: From Cowen and Company we have Helane Becker, please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much operator and thank you everybody for the time. I really appreciate it. I just wanted to follow up one question on I think something that Scott might have said. When you talked about your  maybe it was Scott or Andrew. When you talked about the hub performance and as you think about growth especially in markets where theres a lot of capacity already like Newark where the only way to grow is really up-gauging, I guess my question is can you replace the E75s in some of those markets that your flying with A319s and maintain the profitability of the hub?
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. Absolutely. We over years passed and we constantly refer to Newark, Atlanta as the prime example used to be able to successfully operate the large aircraft in Newark, Atlanta. We moved to a period where we were flying small aircraft and were now moving back to a period where were flying larger aircraft. Newark is a fantastic hub. Its a gigantic market in New York City. And we have under gauged it and we are in the process of fixing it. It doesnt happen overnight but we are steadily moving down that road and believe we can grow margins by flying the right aircraft on the right route and were well down the path.
Helane Becker: Okay. And then my follow-up question  thank you, Andrew. I really appreciate that on a lot of different levels. Oscar and Scott, as you think about your business plan going forward and youre hitting it, right, all year long. Youve matched these numbers that you talked about on January 23 or maybe exceeded them. What could go wrong for you or for the business plan that would derail things? And I know Scott you talked about fuel and adjusting capacity and blah, blah, blah, but Im just kind of wondering from a bigger picture item what could go wrong that this derails the plan?
Oscar Munoz: He does a lot of blah, blah, blah by the way.
Helane Becker: Sorry about that.
Oscar Munoz: Ill speak from my perspective and where I sit and Im sure Scott will add into it. I think the biggest risk that you have is a, you grow complacent. You spike the ball too quickly. And this is a business that weve all learned has lots of impulse waiting around the corner and so we are just so continuing to have our head on the swivel whether its exogenous items, how we nimbly react to them, folks in customer service, building competitive advantages. Youll hear more from us on some of the digital tools that were providing in all those things. But again, its constant vigilance would be a thing that I would concern myself and do concern myself with. Scott probably has an additional.
Scott Kirby: Yes. Look, the biggest risks are in the kinds of things that have always been the biggest risks, especially the short term; fuel price, macroeconomic environment, geopolitical events. And to my earlier point those things are sometimes going to happen and there will be points in time that we will miss quarterly guide. I dont think this will be one of them and I hope its not, but we can wake up tomorrow and something happens that causes us to have a problem in the short term. What we have more control over, however, is our long-term performance because we can adjust to those things. And most of those things that happen we can make adjustments. Sometimes theyre hard decisions to make those adjustments to make sure we hit our $11.00 to $13.00 EPS by 2020. But in the short term just the normal spike in fuel or macroeconomic hit or some kind of adverse geopolitical event, those are the kind of things that we generally cant overcome when were already in a quarter. But in the long term those are the kind of things that we hope to be able to deal with anyway. We will certainly move heaven and earth and do everything possible to hit our numbers.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Michael Linenberg, please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hi. Scott to go back to Hunters question about flying regionals at mainline, you ran through some math. Presumably that was for the 76 seaters. And my question I guess is now that youve done a lot of work on the network and I know various people at United have said that either youre looking at 100 seaters or youre not looking at 100 seaters. And now with this A220 seemingly gaining legitimacy in the marketplace and I do  I think your predecessors at United did do a lot of work on C-series. Like how do you think about the possibility of a 100-seater or maybe its 110 or 120-seater and does that airplane then have a role within mainline? And Im not talking about an A319 or 737-700. Im really talking about like an E195 or what would be the A220.
Gerry Laderman: Mike, its Gerry. Ill take that question. My team coordinates the analysis of all the options we have on the fleet going forward working with Andrews team and Greg Harts team. So its a complicated question on how we manage the fleet. Weve never actually stopped looking at that small narrowbody question. Weve looked at it a few years ago, decided its not the time. We continue to look at it. I want to be cautious in my comments so I dont have a line of manufacturers waiting for me outside this room when were done with the call, so Im not going to tell you too much about what were looking at when but I would say that its always true that everythings on the table. One caveat to think about though and this goes for that category or really any category of fleet which is complexity. And were getting much better at really understanding the cost of complexity of operating multiple fleet types. But there may be a case where theres a particular aircraft thats just perfect for a route but if that means bringing in a new fleet type, youve got to burden that with all the cost associated with that. So were pretty conscious about that as well. So as we make decisions on fleet, well let you know. But from small narrowbody to large widebody we continue to look at every part of the fleet.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. Thanks, Gerry. And then just my second follow up to Andrew. I guess international premium economy I think its actually on some of your airplanes now. When do you actually start selling that? And then have you publicly sort of carved that out and said, hey, this is worth x, I dont know, 100 million plus per annum in revenue. Can you just color on that? Thank you.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We havent released a number on what we think that particular part of our segmentation strategy is worth. We do have at least one, maybe two 777s out there flying with this mid-tier seat onboard, the cabin onboard. It is not being actively sold as a premium economy seat today because we just dont have critical mass. We expect to have critical mass late this year, early next year and were working on all the IT work that goes with it and everything else to support this product onboard the aircraft. So we expect our first sale late this year, possibly early next year and first flight definitely next year where we have the full product onboard. Thats when well have the IT ready, well have the product ready and well have critical mass.
Michael Linenberg: Great. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: From Evercore ISI we have Duane Pfennigwerth, please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hi. Thanks so much for the question. Not sure if this is for Scott or Oscar and appreciate the comments about the importance of targets and hitting them. But I wonder if you could just bridge that commentary with the targets that you put out in the fall of 2016 less than two years ago? If we dreamed the dream then, we were looking at 3.2 billion in incremental earnings off of a base of about 4.5 billion pre-tax. Wed be looking at 8 billion this year. Instead were happy to be at 2.8. Of course we have a lower tax rate and youre aggressively buying back stock, lowering the share count and youve managed expectations really well. But if I just step back and look at it, margins have been down every single quarter since that plan was rolled out. So Im listening, Im hearing about the conviction about these longer-term targets. Can you just bridge the old versus the new and when did this sort of increased commitment really happen?
Oscar Munoz: So Ill try. The old was relative targets as opposed to absolute targets and I think thats the biggest difference, saying relative targets versus absolute. One of the things that became clear to us is that using the relative targets which we could have proved which you couldnt hold us accountable for and that was feedback we got from you and others was appropriate. And it was impossible to hold anyone accountable for a relative target. And so because of that we switched to absolute targets that theres no hiding from. We either hit 11 to 13 or we dont. And thats the no-excuses-sir mentality that weve adopted.
Operator: From Macquarie Capital we have Susan Donofrio, please go ahead.
Susan Donofrio: Yes. Good morning. Just two questions. One is a follow up from some of the previous questions and that is as far as giving the market more hurdles to watch, Im really gaining confidence as you execute your plan. Just thinking ahead to '19, would you expect that to be an earnings improvement story which steps up to your 2020 target or are there things that we should be thinking about on a fuel-neutral basis, like reinvest in the product that will produce some headwinds next year to at least well for 2020? Im just trying to think this through.
Scott Kirby: Well, weve never actually given a 2019 target and so Im not going to start today. But obviously getting to 2020 we are assuming that we are making progress between  that we are having improvement in earnings along the way. There is not some step function that happens in 2020. We are assuming continued progress towards the 11 to 13 per share for 2020.
Oscar Munoz: And Susan, keep in mind on the cost side weve been pretty clear that next year or the year after were holding ourselves to flat or better CASM. So at least on that side were going to manage that.
Susan Donofrio: Okay, terrific. And then --
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. Ill just pipe in again. Again, you mentioned something of product investment. All of that is incumbent upon making the right balanced investments for our customers and our employees along the way but continuing to manage our cost as the situation adjusted.
Susan Donofrio: Good. Thats good to hear. And I just want to switch to domestic PRASM. I was wondering if you can give us a little more color just what youre seeing in your rebanked hubs versus your others, just some type of relative performance I think would be helpful?
Scott Kirby: Sure. One of the ways we measure is we divide up our cities into big, medium and small. And as we went into this project on changing the network, we wanted to increase our share medium and small city traffic and thats exactly what weve seen. So in Houston our [indiscernible] markets are generating 10% RASM increases year-over-year and the same in true in Chicago by the way. And thats exactly what were hoping to see, its exactly what were seeing and its because of the incremental connectivity that were added to each of those hubs. So thats how we wanted to measure it, thats what were looking for and thats exactly what we got. And now were trying to figure out how to make it even better in those two hubs and we are preparing to launch that in our Denver hub as of February 2019. So it is on plan and were really happy with the performance and were measuring it very carefully.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]. From Bloomberg we have Justin Bachman, please go ahead.
Justin Bachman: Hi. Thanks for the time today. I wanted to raise the issue of the Chinese governments demands regarding how you referenced Taiwan with that deadline coming up next week and I just wondered what your thinking on that is and what are the possible consequences in terms of not complying with that? Is it possible that United may not be able to serve China down the road?
Oscar Munoz: Well, the latest deadline is still a week away so theres hope. This is a clearly a policy disagreement between a couple of governments and from our perspective were always striving to cooperate with all the governments where we operate which is a lot of places. And at this point are supportive of the efforts by the two countries to sort of resolve this disagreement soon. With regard to potential future aspects I think at this point in time I really dont have anything to mention until we get passed this next period.
Justin Bachman: Thank you.
Operator: From Wall Street Journal we have Alison Sider, please go ahead.
Alison Sider: Thank you. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what youre seeing in the Pacific and sort of whats changed there and how sustainable you think that is?
Oscar Munoz: We think its very sustainable. Weve had a good performance across the region including China and Japan, definitely being strong but both positive. So it was great news. And our Guam and Micronesia operation is also recovering after a difficult nine months in the region. So we think thats sustainable. Its also important to note that while our China performance is better year-over-year, its still negative year-over-two years. So thats another indication that we still have more upside left in those markets in our opinion and believe that there is further growth to come.
Alison Sider: Thanks. And if I could just ask a quick follow up. You touched on this in the call. Just curious if youve done any analysis of how sensitive that could be to any kind of trade headwinds going forward?
Oscar Munoz: All we can do is look at our bookings and Ive watched them every day across the globe. And I can tell you at this point we dont see any impact and bookings in both cabins, in particular premium cabin looked quite normal if not strong. So at this point theres nothing to report and I dont see any headwinds.
Alison Sider: Thanks.
Operator: From CNBC we have Leslie Josephs, please go ahead.
Leslie Josephs: Hi. Good morning. I have been seeing a little bit about these credit card promotions that flight attendants are doing onboard. I just want to confirm. They get $100 every time someone signs up. And how long do you expect that promotion to go on? Thanks.
Oscar Munoz: So its part of our Explore card promotion. We and many offer an opportunity for our flight attendants to let our passengers know about the program and all the benefits that it has when youre flying on United Airlines. So our flight attendants participate in that program. It does include a bonus for our flight attendants. I dont know the exact duration is $100. I think it will eventually move to $50 at a later point in time. But were excited to launch our new card. We thought it was appropriate to launch it with $100 and thats where we are and we will be monitoring our progress. And its a great opportunity for the airline and our flight attendants.
Leslie Josephs: Okay. And it will continue indefinitely?
Oscar Munoz: The promotion --
Leslie Josephs: Yes, onboard promotion.
Oscar Munoz: Indefinitely but the amount of compensation will vary over time.
Leslie Josephs: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining the call today. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Leskinen - Managing Director, IR Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Andrew Nocella - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO Greg Hart - EVP and COO
Analysts: Darryl Genovesi - UBS Helane Becker - Cowen David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Andrew Didora - Bank of America Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Jamie Baker - JP Morgan Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Kevin Crissey - Citi Joseph DeNardi - Stifel Alana Wise - Reuters Edward Russell - Flightglobal Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal Michael Sasso - Bloomberg News
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2018. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mike Leskinen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to Uniteds first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and a separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterdays release and investor update, the accompanied presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook, our Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. In addition, we have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart, in the room, available to assist with Q&A. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everybody and thank you for being on the call today. Before I go on to our first quarter results, I would like us to take a moment and just keep all the passengers and crew of Southwest Flight 1380 in our thoughts. I know that the entire United family stands shoulder to shoulder with our Southwest colleagues in this difficult time. As we turn to slide four, yesterday we reported adjusted pretax earnings of $179 million with pretax margin of 2% as adjusted. We achieved the top end of our guidance due to a strong demand environment and robust revenue trend, particularly in our international markets. Our earnings per share of $0.50 as adjusted, was 19% higher than our first quarter results of last year. Our first quarter reflects exceptional operational performance in the face of back-to-back winter storms in the Northeast, as well as other various weather events. And not only did our employees power through these challenges, they continue to deliver record-setting operational performance. I want to thank all 90,000 of our employees for their outstanding work and dedication to keep our airline running not only safe but on time. Every day, every flight, our team is focused on delivering a positive experience for our customers throughout their journey. Were equipping our employees with the modern tools and support they need to provide our customers with best possible travel experience. As you can see on slide five, this quarter, we completed the rollout of 10,000 mobile devices for our airport agents who support gate functions such as rebooking during irregular operations, applying the upgrade, coordinating family seating and many other tasks. These tools not only help our employees and customers but help drive efficiency, something we are extremely focused on. During the quarter, we also began training our team on Uniteds customer service decision framework developed alongside our frontline employees, we call this the core4. It is a hierarchical framework based on principles of safe, caring, dependable and efficient. Biggest change is that caring is second only to safety. And what that means is giving our employees the flexibility and more importantly the ownership to take actions for our customers when our policies and procedures dont fit the situation in hand. Early results evident in our customer satisfaction scores were very positive and were on track to have 80% of our employees complete this core4 training by the end of the year. As you know, improving customers service and experience is one of the top priorities for us here at United. At our January 23rd investor event, we laid out a three-year plan to deliver a CAGR and earnings per share of about 25%, as shown on slide six. To execute on this plan, we have two primary focus areas. First is strengthening and growing our domestic network; and second is driving asset efficiency and productivity, which is underpinned by our commitment to keep CASM-ex flat or better through 2020. We have tremendous network potential and have defined and aligned on the strategy design to unlock our opportunities to better leverage what we call our uniquely United strength. Were very confident in our multiyear network growth strategy and remain committed to the long-term financial targets we laid out in January. In fact, weve seen early successes on many of our new routes. That said, we believe the strongest evidence that the plan is working is our march towards our adjusted EPS targets. Despite the recent increases in fuel, today, were tightening our full year 2018 adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.50 based on the combination of our first quarter results and our increased confidence in the remainder of the year. Our new adjusted EPS guidance range is now $7 to $8.50. Were entering the second quarter with the momentum, encouraged by trends in the revenue environment and how our employees continue to raise the bar on operational performance and customer service. And so with that, I will turn it over to Scott. 
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks everyone for joining us today. To begin, I would like to thank all of our employees for delivering another quarter of top tier operational performance. We set our best-ever first quarter consolidated D0 with March marking the seventh month in a row of being first amongst our primary competitors. We believe that D0 really is the best measure of an airlines core operating performance and Im proud to be a part of this leading team. And we are running a great operation, getting customers through their destination on time with their bags, with the minimum amount of hassle. The essential requirement to being a customer centric airline, it clearly isnt enough. We at United have to do much more to run an on-time airline. Empowering our frontline to put customers first, use their judgment really is one of the keys to making United great in the long-term. Thats the reason why you hear all of us talk about the core4 training as such a critical element of our plans here at United. The core4 represents not just some flavor of the day corporate seat but a real necessity to change our DNA and put the customers first. Moving onto revenue environment. All regions performed above expectations for the quarter, both business and leisure bookings did well domestically and the front-cabin drove outperformance in our international business. [Ph] A healthy revenue environment coupled with the commercial initiatives, Andrew Nocella will touch on shortly, got 2018 off to a strong start. Running a great operation allows us to focus on executing our network strategy to strengthen and grow our hubs. On slide 10, we have tightened our full-year capacity guidance to 4.5% to 5.5% from the previous quarters 6%. In addition, it seems there may be some misunderstandings about scope relative to our three-year growth plan that Id like to take a moment try to clear up. We believe changing scope and giving a regional product that is competitive is important to Uniteds long-term future. However, it takes time to negotiate a new agreement, then takes time to negotiate an aircraft deal, and then it takes 18 months or more before the first aircraft are built and start actually flying. So, while it is important to the long run competitive position at United, there really was never enough time for us to get all of that done and aircraft delivered to have a meaningful change in our regional fleet before 2020. So, our targets through 2020 were not and are not predicated on changes to scope. We have great confidence in our $11 to $13 adjusted EPS target but it is based on our existing fleet plan. We are pleased with how the year began, but as we look forward to the remainder of the year, we will continue to focus on running a great operation, executing the growth plans, and increasing our efficiency and productivity. We also know that we have more to do for the customer experience, which is represented by our core4. We feel really good about the demand environment overall and we more specifically for how that revenue outlook is shaping up here at United. And while we are doing everything we can to drive revenue performance, our cost base is the lever that we can most control. And doing so, its fundamental to improving our earnings profile. Andrew Levy will talk more about our cost performance and our opportunities going forward, and Id like to thank him and the entire United team for their hard work in the first quarter to keep us in the middle of our guidance range despite the significant impact of storms. We feel encouraged about how the first quarter came in and are optimistic about the next couple of quarters that we have visibility on. Its early but based on everything that we can see so far, gives us increasing confidence that we are on the right path with the growth plan. Before I turn it over, Id also like to congratulate Mr. Leskinen who has a baby due tomorrow and assure his Melissa that we will rush into the airport after this call to make sure he gets home in time. And with that, Ill turn it over to the Andrews.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Scott. Turning to the revenue environment on slide 13. Our system PRASM was 2.7% higher year-over-year for the first quarter. As Scott mentioned, all regions exceeded initial expectations with close in strength materialize in the week before Easter holiday, which has been historically weak. We also had a 50 basis-point tailwind from foreign exchange in the quarter. Domestic unit revenue sequentially improved throughout the quarter with corporate revenues being up 9% year-over-year, led by the energy sector. This outpaced our top line growth of 6%. As a result of an intensified competitive landscape and corporate pricing, particularly in the small and medium enterprise segment, we invested in sales initiatives that have sharpened our competitive position across all sectors, geographies and the entire fare spectrum. The Atlantic region had our strongest year-over-year PRASM of any region in the quarter. We saw sequential improvement each month in the quarter and now have seen improvement for six consecutive quarters. This positive year-over-year PRASM momentum is driven by strong performance in the economy cabin and we continue to see strong revenue performance upfront, as well as a 2-point benefit from foreign exchange. Overall, forward-looking trends show the second quarter looks promising with anticipated continued strength in demand for both cabins. Latin followed in performance with the bulk of the strength driven by the Caribbean beach markets and Central America, both of which had double digit PRASM growth in the quarter. After 13 quarters of underperformance in the Pacific, PRASM inflected strongly positive in the month of March with demand catching up to supply. China PRASM improved throughout the quarter. Excluding Micronesia, our Transpac PRASM would have been positive in Q1. Looking ahead, we anticipate second quarter PRASM to be up 1% to 3% year-over-year. Moving to slide 14, Id like to give an update on some of our commercial initiatives we outlined at our investor event earlier this year. At the end of the first quarter, Gemini, our new revenue management system is rolled out on all flights and we expect Gemini to be running in all cabins by the end of this month. Initial results are on plan and show better managed place as measured by a more optimal mix of medial [ph] fares. Im really proud of the team and we believe these preliminary results are encouraging and represent the opportunity we can expect Gemini to drive moving forward. Our Basic Economy product continues to evolve and is currently available for purchasing about two thirds of our domestic non-stop markets. Now, that its begun to mature and is competing with similar products from our large competitors, Basic Economy is contributing as we hoped with 60% to 70% of our customers buying up to standard. While there is still room for further optimization, its been an effective competitive tool. In November, we began offering dynamic pricing for Everyday Awards for our MileagePlus members. Since making this announcement, we have seen a 16% increase in saver awards. This allows MileagePlus to offer lower price awards to members while at the same time optimizing award expense to United. On the MileagePlus card, new card acquisitions continue to build on strong fourth quarter performance, and weve reached an inflection point with the 7% increase in acquisitions in the quarter. This is the largest number of new accounts in the quarter since the second quarter of 2016. Card spend was up 3%, which we view as a significant opportunity for further growth. We will continue to work with Chase to grow card acquisitions and improve the programs to make it better for our joint customers. Another customer enhancement is WiFi. Were bringing Viasats latest generation in-flight entertainment and connectivity system to the 70 air craft, including our Boeing 737 MAX. This system is designed to provide customers with fast, reliable internet connections and to be able to connect with key business applications such as corporate, VPN and secure email. Moving on to Polaris, on slide 15, we remain on track with our aircraft reconfiguration schedule. We plan to induct a Polaris-configured aircraft every 10 days through the end of 2020. We are very excited about Polaris and continue to invest and improve the soft product in response to customer and employee feedback. Were currently on schedule to open four Polaris lounges this year with San Francisco opening in just a few days at the end of this month and New York and Houston in one more month and Los Angeles later this year. In summary, we feel the revenue environment is robust and as strong as we have seen in long time. Our commercial initiatives have taken off in the right direction. And with that, Ill turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Levy: Thanks, Andrew. Yesterday afternoon, we released our first quarter 2018 earnings and our second quarter investor update. I will discuss both our results and outlook at a high level, and please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 17 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 18 shows our adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings of $0.50 per share, which was 19% higher than the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted pre-tax income was $179 million and adjusted pre-tax margin was 2%. We were very pleased with how the quarter came in compared to initial expectations. Slide 19 shows our total cost per ASM for the first quarter of 2018 and our estimates for the second quarter and full year. Turning to slide 20, non-fuel unit costs in the first quarter increased 0.6% on a year over year basis, which is slightly above the middle of our initial guidance range despite the impact from weather events which cumulatively added 40 bps of non-fuel CASM ex-headwind in the quarter. We expect second quarter non-fuel CASM ex to be between flat to up 1% compared to the second quarter of 2017. The combination of higher regional capacity expense and increased airport costs represents almost 2 points of CASM ex pressure. But, we expect these will largely offset -- these will be largely offset year over year by lower unit costs in other line items. Its important to note, these were known areas of cost pressure for the second quarter when we provided our 2018 cost guidance in January. We also expect to see a nice decline in CASM ex during the second half of the year which we get into on slide 21. During the third quarter of 2017, we started to ramp up our 50-seat flying, so as we get into the back half of the year, we start to lap these costs. This alone is expected to provide a half point of CASM ex tailwind compared with the first half of this year. Our capacity growth rate is also expected to be meaningfully higher in the last two quarters with much of the increased rate of growth driven by flying during off-peak periods. As we discussed in January, we believe increasing the productivity of our fixed costs will have a very positive effect on helping container growth of non-fuel unit costs in 2018. Weve also launched several initiatives to drive increased cost savings as the year progresses. These include our supply chain excellence projects, which will improve the efficiency of our aircraft part supply chain, and several projects in our maintenance planning area which will improve our airframe heavy maintenance programs and further optimize our checks. Finally, were continuing to utilize our balance sheet by purchasing aircraft off lease, which optimizes our aircraft ownership costs. All in all, Im very confident in reaffirming our non-fuel unit cost guidance of down 1% to flat for the full year 2018. Turning to slide 22, year to date through April 16th, we have purchased $747 million of our shares, which represents about 4% of the total shares outstanding at the end of 2017. That leaves us with $2.3 billion remaining of the $3 billion repurchase authority granted by our Board in December of 2017. We plan to continue to opportunistically return excess cash to shareholders through repurchases of our stock when its trading below our view of intrinsic value while maintaining appropriate liquidity. For 2018, we continue to expect adjusted CapEx to be between $3.6 billion and $3.8 billion. On fleet, we took delivery of two Boeing 777-300ERs and four Boeing 787-9s in the first quarter. We also continued to advantage of our balance sheet and purchased six mainline and 17 regional aircraft off of lease, which gives us greater flexibility and better economics for our fleet. Looking forward to the second quarter, we plan to take delivery of our first six Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft and are scheduled to being operating the aircraft in June. Were very excited about the efficiency improvements and customer experience enhancements this aircraft will bring to our fleet. We also continue to be very active in the used aircraft market and recently secured a deal for 20 Airbus A319 aircraft scheduled to be delivered to us in 2020 and 2021. Used aircraft provide us an enhanced opportunity to maximize returns regardless of where were in the economic cycle. And were in discussions for more used widebody and narrowbody aircraft. Slide 23 includes the summary of our current guidance including second quarters projected fuel price range using the April 12th fuel curve. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs imply the second quarter adjusted pretax margin between 9% and 11%. And as Oscar mentioned earlier, on slide 24, we are raising the bottom end of our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.50 to a new range of $7 and $8.50. The momentum weve established in the first quarter has increased our confidence in our ability to deliver adjusted EPS in this tightened range. With that, Ill turn it over to Mike to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Andrew. First, we will take questions from analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead. 
Darryl Genovesi: Hi, guys, thanks for the time, good quarter. Scott or Andrew Nocella, thanks for the color on the scope constraint. I guess, the other constraint to your growth that Ive been wondering about is on airport asset. Do you have enough spare gate and runway availability to execute your growth plan at the Mid-Continent hub, or do you need to go on and get more?
Andrew Nocella: For the most part, we have what we need. Really when you look at our schedule, the fact is the airline operated, bank structures where one or two of the banks were completely full through the day but the rest of the banks structures, the rest of the day had excess capacity. So, as we fill in the capacity in the other time today, really obviously very cost efficient, we dont need incremental gates across most of our hubs and were able to grow there on.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay, great. And then, I guess on kind of a similar topic. My sense is that you have some room to grow at Dulles perhaps more than anywhere else, but that wasnt really a focus when you rolled out your network plan back in January. And so, I guess, I was just wondering if there is room to drive more connections over Dulles specifically, because my sense is that youd like to refocus more towards the local market.
Andrew Nocella: So, Dulles is a great hub. It operates four departure waves per day today and only one of those departure waves is full from a gate perspective. So, there is a lot of opportunity in Dulles. We continue to evaluate exactly how to take advantage of that but we are excited about all of our hubs and Dulles is one of those hubs, and I do think there is opportunity to grow Dulles in the future.
Darryl Genovesi: And then Andrew Levy, on the CASM guidance, it looks like you need about 200 basis points deceleration in the second half of the year to get to the full year midpoint. Can you just help us bucket what some of the big moving pieces are? If you could help quantify it, that would be helpful.
Andrew Levy: Well, I think, the big pieces are the ones I have referred to that are on slide 21. The 50-seater alone is 0.5 point improvement in the second half relative to the first. We are growing -- substantially more in the back half of the year, you can see that from our capacity and as we noted, the decent amount of that growth is coming during off-peak periods and thats a very, very low marginal cost. So thats a cost saving that we will see in the large number of our P&L, income statement line items. And then, as far as some of the things that I specifically mentioned, I dont want to give you actual numbers on what the value of those are. However, they are accelerating as the year goes on. For instance, the supply chain excellence project is something were really excited about, spent a lot of time planning at the end of last year. And we are just beginning to ramp that up thats going to deliver benefits to us we think more so as time goes on, including more in the next year. Aircraft rent expense is something that we continue to see some goodness there as we have shifted more airplanes on the balance sheet. So, we will continue to see some benefits there. So, beyond that, Im not sure how much more detail we want to give you right now but we feel really confident that the combination of these items that I have mentioned as well as several others that are less impactful are going to help us drive our CASM ex meaningfully lower in the second half of the year. And thats why we are so confident reaffirming the full year guidance.
Operator: From Cowen, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: So, my first question is this. When you think about the first quarter, historically thats been your toughest quarter. And now you have two years in a row where you actually have profits in this year, Id say its fairly significant. As you think about -- or as we I guess think about sequentially fourth quarter to first quarter going forward, is this the new bar, are we going to see more profit in that first quarter going forward than historically United has seen?
Scott Kirby: Helane, I think -- thank you for saying that. We felt really good about how the first quarter came in this year. The fourth and first quarters will always be seasonally the weakest for United and this is simply a fact that we dont have as much service to Florida and Caribbean. And so, the big exit from the Northeast to Florida and the Caribbean during the winter is less impactful to United as two other airlines. You are seeing improvement in those quarters, I think you will continue to, but I think you are going to see improvement at United across all quarters. We think the kinds of improvement that we saw in the first quarter are going to continue to happen in each quarter. So, it happens in the first quarter but we would expect that to be happening in subsequent quarters as well, including our seasonal peaks, the second and third quarter.
Helane Becker: Right. And so just to follow-up the holidays then our less impactful for you than it might have been in the past years or they might be for other carriers, is that sort of accurate?
Scott Kirby: I think there probably is similar level of impact that for us that they were in past years but we -- they are less impactful for United than they are for example with carrier that has less [ph] service in the Northeast to Florida, particularly the Easter holiday. It has an impact, certainly on our domestic network, the first quarter is helped by it and the second quarter will be a harder comparison but the magnitude is much smaller than other carriers.
Helane Becker: And then, just for my follow-up real quick, I want to understand the Pacific, because I think Andrew Nocella, you said 1% to 3% after you talked about the Pacific, but you were talking about 1% to 3% unit revenue for the system, right, and not for the Pacific specifically in the second quarter? 
Andrew Nocella: Thats what I was referring to.
Helane Becker: Yes, okay. And then, Pacific do you think will be positive on the full quarter basis than this quarter, is that what you said?
Andrew Nocella: I think it will be; our outlook shows that right now.
Operator: From Sanford Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Scott, I was wondering if you might be able to add a little bit of color as to when kind of getting resolution on the scope issues is going to be important to executing the growth strategy and what the future might look like, if you cant get the kind of negotiated agreement on that issue that you are looking for right now? 
Scott Kirby: The long-term here at United, we are focused on making this the best airline in the world. And part of that is about having a competitive product and a competitive fleet. I also understand the reluctance our clients have historically had on scope because we were taking regional aircraft and lying them in big markets that appropriately should have been mainline markets, places like Newark, Atlanta, Chicago to Laguardia, Dallas to Chicago. And for the next several years -- for the timing reasons that I talked about or at least through 2020 we never anticipated a change in our fleet plan, its just not time to get it done. In the near term, we are funding our growth plan by taking the regional jets out of markets like Newark to Atlanta and moving them into appropriate regional markets. And it is important to making this best airline in the world that we ultimately get that done. There is no ticking clock or no urgent timeline. We are in and have actually started early negotiations with our pilots on number of issues. This is one that fortunately is a win-win as long as we are growing the airline and using regional aircraft in the right kinds of markets to support and feed the mainline with high yield traffic. It is something that also helps our pilots by creating more growth opportunities at the mainline. And I believe we will get something done, but there is no ticking time clock for getting it done. And just sourcing large regional jets out of the what should be mainline markets today, certainly gets us through pretty much as far as we have on our planning horizon. So, its really beyond if this opportunity occurs.
David Vernon: All right, I appreciate the color on that. And maybe Andrew, could you help us understand whether there is some additional headwind coming down the pike on the PRASM side if the growth in the back half of the year is about non-peak flying or is this something that you guys are kind of already anticipating and shouldnt see a major headwind from by adding flights during non-peak hours?
Andrew Nocella: Its something we look at carefully. I think, the foundation for that needs to be though, weve changed the profile on how we fly and weve changed the profile of our connectivity. And that connectivity being in the hands of the airline really helped us most in the off-peak quarters than the peak quarters because of the way passengers flow through the system. We have more seats. So, in the off-peak time period, as we build this connectivity, we feel really good. Q1 came in the off-peak flying better than our expectations, and thats given us a lot of good views as to what the fourth quarter will look like in a similar off-peak situation. So again, the fundamental change is the connectivity new to the airline is allowing us to absorb this capacity in off-peak periods and do very well with it.
David Vernon: So, youre not seeing the big difference on the fares for the earlier or later departures?
Andrew Nocella: Well, there is a difference in the fares but the marginal CASM and the RASMs are bringing in, we think it is margin accretive, then were managing the margin. And we think its working out well.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I want to piggyback off of Davids question there. I mean, you guys do have lots of moving pieces in the network right now like rebank in Chicago and adding connectivity in your Hawaiian expansion as well. But then, on the positive side, you have the Gemini and the revenue management systems flowing up. So, I guess I just want to ask, should we think about these expansion projects slowing up over time, driving incremental revenue as time progresses? And with like the revenue management initiative should investors expect that we start to see these accrue to unit revenues a few quarters out or is this more of a margin story?
Andrew Nocella: Definitely managing the margin, but as we move forward, the new routes definitely have lower RASM in their first year than their second year. So, I think theres a lot of different moving pieces and a lot of initiatives, some of which overlap with each other. But, were really hopeful that when we look at how a route will do in year two and how this capacity does in year two, itll be better than year one. Also with Gemini, we recently turned the system on. We think we have a long way to go with Gemini in terms of making it better and there are further enhancements coming. So, whether its that or many of the other initiatives we have in the pipeline, we think the pipelines pretty full with ideas that are going to drive margin and drive RASM in the long run.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. I appreciate that. And on the international side, you did comment that I think youre rolling out of Polaris equipped aircraft at some frequency now, so that product is actually hitting the market. And I think, you also launched a new economy or premium economy product as well. Can you speak of some of those initiatives and what you think that could actually add longer term?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. As I said, were rolling out a Polaris plane every 10 days. We are going to be done by the end of 2020, and were really happy with that. Premium Plus is our new mid tier product in between Polaris and economy that is going to also be done on the same schedule as the Polaris aircraft. So, we have a little bit less than three years to go, just given how we do aircraft modifications, thats what made the most sense. So, we have approximately three years to go on both products. We should start to sell Premium Plus sometime during late this year or early next year for our first flight in the first quarter, but we will have aircraft showing up into the system later this summer with the seat available for purchase with an upgrade. So, were very excited about all these initiatives. These are I think really important; it further pushes us down the road as segmentation, particularly with the mid tier cabin, its exactly where we want to go. And were really confident in its ability to deliver value for the airlines. So, a lot more some on that front but were on a way and were really proud of the product that were going to be putting there over the coming months and years.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Didora: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I guess, Scott or Andrew, staying on this theme of RASM, margin accretion from this new hub-spoke flying. I guess, when I do look at your domestic schedules, obviously regional ASMs are up around 10% this year versus down last year, mainline not drastically different. With regional flying garnering nearly double the PRASM of mainline, shouldnt this have a positive mix effect on your RASM? Im thinking about this the right way? And if so, can you provide any color on what you think a potential tailwind from more of this line could be?
Andrew Nocella: We have introduced number of 50 seaters and I would like to think were at our max in the number of 50 seaters that are flying for United. And those aircraft do come in with higher RASMs and they push higher RASM, higher yield traffic across the entire United system, both domestically and internationally, a lot of the flying is brand new. It is doing as expected. Were happy with it. We will make tweaks as needed but this is going to be a tailwind to RASM as they go forward and were pretty pleased by it. Im not sure what else to add to that.
Andrew Didora: Okay, thank you for that. And then, my second is maybe digging in a bit more on what youre seeing on the corporate travel side. I know, your corporate revenues in the quarter were up I think 9% led by energy. But, this is a theme weve been hearing positive commentary not out of you guys and some of your peers but from hotel companies as well. Can you give us a sense of maybe where you are in the corporate pricing cycle, where does it stand today versus 2014, and have you seen any change in corporate behavior during any recent contract rate negotiation that youve had?
Scott Kirby: I wouldnt say weve seen any recent changes. Overall, we see a very strong demand environment. And when you look at our international divisions, the premium cabin is leading the way across most of the entities. So, were pretty pleased by that. Our sales force has really just hit out park over the last few quarters as weve adjusted and made changes to all of our programs to make sure were competitive. And were really happy with how share is changing and were really happy to have a competitive product out there. So, this is going really well. Top line growth of 6%, corporate sale is of 9%, so this is a bigger portion of our aircraft and thats exactly what we to see. And we dont see any negative trends at this point in regards to this at all. And Q2 should be another great quarter for corporate business.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: If I could just more broadly on the regional perspective, I know you mentioned Pacific obviously inflected in the third -- in March and should be positive here as we go into second quarter. Could you talk about the other entities and maybe kind of sequentially what you might be anticipating there?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think Atlantic is going to lead the way. Atlantic has seen really good demand in both cabins. So, were really pleased by that. So, Atlantic should be our strongest international entity, followed by Pacific. In the quarter, weve made the appropriate changes in Guam. So thats no longer RASM negative for us; in fact, its RASM positive going forward. China looks very good. China has been good for the last two quarters. Prior to that, we had a number of negative quarters and China looks good going forward. Latin America is fine, but its the weakest of the three international entities. And that really is I think a big part about the holiday shift. The holiday shift for Easter I think has a bigger impact in the United work on the Latin American division than the Pacific division, for example. So, Id expect while Latin had a great Q1 driven by the holiday shift sequentially, it will be lower in Q2 as we have expected to be because of that. So overall, Atlantic first; Pacific second; Latin third.
Savanthi Syth: And how does domestic fall within that?
Andrew Nocella: Domestic falls just fine. I mean, Im not going to break out the numbers but its -- given where we are and what we are doing and the corporate strength we see, we are really happy with all of our entities as we go forward in the Q2.
Savanthi Syth: And if I may follow-up just a little bit on the connecting traffic question. Could you remind me again, as you execute on that strategy, what the timing is on the build-up and moving things around, and like long that takes? And also, maybe follow-up to that, I know Moodys was questioning of the competitiveness of Chicago from a airport cost standpoint. How important is airport cost in your calculus of connecting traffic?
Andrew Nocella: Yes. On the hub restructures, we spent a lot of time on this and we did Houston late last year. Unfortunately, we did it exactly when there was a hurricane that came through the region. So, it manipulated the numbers a lot. But, we are really happy with what we see so far in Huston, which is an increase in our mix of higher yielding business, which is what we are hoping for. But, we continue to monitor and we continue to tweaks to the flight schedule as we normally would, and the hub structure schedule as appropriate. Chicago, we just implemented in February. So, we really dont have any results at this point as to how we are doing there. I mean overall, given our outlook for the next quarter, we think things are positive but we will measure that thoroughly in the coming months and figure out how to make tweaks to make it even better. And its not something that you on day one, it is something that evolves over time as we learn what works and what needs to be changed optimize it better. But so far so good, and we have Denver planned for either late this year early next year depending on a number circumstances to make that structure even better. So, great so far, good so far, but we still need to measure this a lot more and make tweaks as appropriate.
Savanthi Syth: And Im guessing the airport costs are not a big driver as the profitability when you think about the connecting traffic?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I mean, airport costs are something we monitor closely and it has been a recent headwind. So, its something we negotiate with airports and we want to make sure that all of our hubs have competitive costs and the features, so we are able to do what we need to do from a network perspective. And we have that all baked in our plan. We know what it is, we know what it isnt and we are moving forward.
Operator: From JP Morgan we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: I have got four questions with five follow-ups. First one for Scott or Andrew Nocella. Has the better corporate environment domestically led you to decrease the inventory allocated to Basic Economy or is your competitive positioning in ultra-low cost carrier over that market is sort of business as usual, any changes there?
Andrew Nocella: There is no -- well, Ill take one step back and say, our inventory for Basic Economy is not a strategic decision, I think its made -- here is how much were going to put out. It really is driven by the yield management system and the yield management system is trying to maximize the expected value of each seat. And so, to the extent demand is stronger, the yield management system will make your Basic Economy fares available because they are lowest fares. And when demand is weaker, it will have more. So, yes, its a strong demand environment. So, that probably means there are fewer Basic Economy seats available but its -- there is nothing strategic about it or -- and it is really very much at the margins.
Jamie Baker: And second and final question actually for Greg Hart, obviously in the early innings right now but if the FAA does order widespread inspection in CFM56-7Bs, how should we think about that in terms of time and expense for United? Is that a fairly simple exercise or does it require aircraft to be pulled from service? 
Greg Hart: Hey, Jamie. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we dont want to get ahead of NTSB on this and their investigation. But, there was an event time on another airline back in August of 2016, which actually drove a service bulletin that was issued last week. And we have started work on that service bulletin and are well underway with that process and expect to complete it as quickly as possible. Obviously safety is paramount in everything we do here at airlines and this event or this issue is not different and were fully focused on making sure that we complete as quickly as we can.
Oscar Munoz: On the cost question, I think this service bulletin was on board. We are going to do it and thats embedded in our cost forecast for the future, so, no incremental cost. But again, safety is paramount important.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just following up on domestic as we measure the recovery in domestic PRASM, and appreciate seasonal moves from month-to-month, but there was a time when wed sort of enter a month behind on advance book yields and kind of make it up close in. Can you just talk to advance book yields now for kind of April, May, June?
Scott Kirby: Advance book yield, the short answer is advance book yields are good. Its a strong demand environment. So, that means, not only can you have good close-in demand and reserved seats for close-in demand, you -- the same happens when you are further out, you can be -- have opportunities to be more aggressive there as well. So, we feel good, really good about the demand environment across all entities. Were trying to contain our enthusiasm, but we feel really good about that demand environment.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. And then, just on Basic Economy and the implementation last year, you launched it fairly aggressively across the fare ladder. And if memory serves, you actually lost some share because of that in the early innings. As we think about a 2Q and in the comp, can you just remind us how much that was worth? Is that maybe worth a point in the comp?
Scott Kirby: Its really more of a third quarter than a second quarter issue. And Im not sure what the number was, we never said a number. Obviously our third quarter comps get -- we kind of had the perfect storm of stuff happening, last year storms, Guam in the third quarter. So, our comps hopefully should be easier in the third quarter, in particular. There really was not much of an impact in the second quarter -- I dont think into May.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hey, just two quick ones here. This is probably Andrew or Scott. Weve heard a lot about increased competition on the West Coast. you guys are big in LA, you guys are big in San Fran, what are you guys seeing in that marketplace?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, its Andrew. Overall, I think particularly from a San Francisco centric point of view, things are looking good. In fact, we had positive PRASM in our San Francisco hub in the quarter, and were really pleased to see that given its a pretty competitive environment. But, were really confident what were doing in San Francisco. We have a great product, great schedule and all the above and the new Polaris lounge about to open in a few weeks as well. So, we feel really good about San Francisco and whats going on in the West Coast at this point.
Michael Linenberg: Okay. Then, just second question, this is probably for you Andrew Nocella as well. When we look at passengers flying on domestic segments who are connecting to international, what percentage or what amount of load factor points, however you can express that, what would be that domestic leg, where the O&D involves in international destination or origination?
Andrew Nocella: I dont think we have the exact number. Well get it to you. But for United Airlines, it is a pretty significant number going across the whole system. So, it is -- it does impact results. When international results get better, our domestic, we call it DPIJ, our domestic portion of the international journey also gets better, and Ill have Mike get you the exact load factor number after the call.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, good morning. Hey, Scott, do you know what percentage of your business travelers never fly internationally? Is that something you track and do you have a target around where you want that to be?
Scott Kirby: I dont know which also means we dont have a target.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And then, back to scope real quick. Are you comfortable taking advantage of the 1.25 to 1 ratio language in the existing CBA without a new CBA or would you consider sort of an amended CBA as a gating item to take advantage of that ratio clause even in the event that that clause doesnt change in the new contract, if youre understanding the question?
Scott Kirby: Yes. Look, Im not even going to get ahead of the discussions were having with all the stakeholders, pilots and aircraft manufacturers at the same time. Obviously thats a backstop but were talking to them and would like to get to a road where we have something that everyone is on board with, agrees with and agrees that its good for United Airlines and our entire workforce as well.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time. Scott, a question for you. As far as rolling out the retail strategy, what surprises have you come across so far? And specifically Im referring to are planes filling up quicker than youre expecting, are you not getting a competitor spot? Just some color so we could keep track of how things are going.
Scott Kirby: I think, its going largely as we anticipated. There are some operational bumps along the road, but we anticipated those, you never know which ones are going to occur exactly but we anticipated that thered be some operational issues. But, I think, actually team has done a remarkable job for the amount of change that we have had to implement as well as they have. Look, I mean the fact that United has been number one in D0 for seven months in a row with all the growth and all the change and all the regional changes is a testaments to Greg Hart and his entire leadership team because its hard enough to do that, to produce great results, particularly when were in the most challenged geographies, but to do it at the same time that we got -- managing a lot of change is really incredible. But, it is performing largely as we expected.
Rajeev Lalwani: And then, a quick question for Andrew Nocella. You talked about traction on the corporate side, you threw out some impressive numbers. Can you just talk more about whats driving that, like what is the proposition that you are giving at corporate thats making them come to United, is it price, is it something else?
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I really think it is a sales force that has just gotten so excited about the United and what were doing. And we talked about all the tools that they need to be competitive in the marketplace, and weve armed them, and they are out there promoting the United in a way that I think has really helped us and has shifted some demand to us. Although we still have a strong underlying marketplace out there for premium demand as well. So, its all kind of working together. But, I really will give credit to our sales force for making a huge difference in the quarter and were really proud of them. And we think Q2 to see even more of that.
Operator: From Citi, we Kevin Crissey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Thanks for the time. So, looking at the domestic RASM and I think that others have alluded to it, the pure -- what I call, pure domestic origin to a domestic destination, given the strength of international RASM would be lower than the 1.6% that you posted. So, when I think about your future growth and beyond what is scheduled, when I think about 2019 and 2020 growth, how much of those flights are going to be designed for international connecting itineraries versus primarily for domestic origins and domestic destinations. So, I think about flights to Orlando as being primarily domestic focused as opposed to maybe some of the small connections.
Andrew Nocella: Im not sure I think of it that way. Our network all works together. All of our hubs are significant international getaways and even Denver has a growing international presence. We just started Denver to London Heathrow. So, as that all works together, I dont think I would separate it that way. And were bullish across all the different segments we have and the new connectivity were generating, particularly as we said in January, the connectivity were creating in the small to small or small to medium type of cities that have I think really n ice yield environment. So overall, we feel really good about it and we dont have the distinction.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Scott, does the importance of regional feed to your growth strategy over the next few years changed the way you think about the need to have a wholly-owned regional sub?
Scott Kirby: I dont think so. Were diagnostic about how we see the airline. And weve spent a lot of time on these calls, weve sort of spent a lot of time talking about regional feed. Its not just regional feed, regional feed is you just want to understand the higher yield but a lot of that is also mainline. And as you grow regional feed you also wind up-gauging regional markets to mainline. But, we are agnostic as to whether or not the best way to do that is through a wholly owned or through a third-party, whatever is most efficient, the best operator at cost is who we will use.
Joseph DeNardi: And then, Scott or maybe Andrew, you guys are both pretty bullish on demand. Just trying to reconcile, I guess your exuberance with the second quarter guide. I know, there is a lot of capacity growth. But, maybe can you help us like with the same store PRASM number, just any way to reconcile your bullishness around demand with the unit revenue.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think we have always said, there is a shift in the holiday. So, we knew March would be strong and sequentially that April would be more difficult, and that in fact has happened. So I dont have a same store type of analysis for you. But the holiday shift is causing a sequential decline, particularly in Latin America is a great example of that. But its not unexpected. Ill say that even with that decline if we look across the Atlantic, I think our outlook across the Atlantic doesnt show that. So right now, we are really -- I think weve said we are bullish across the Atlantic and we are because of the numbers we are seeing over the next 30 or 45 days, particularly in the business class cabin. Right now, obviously were lapping Easter last year and we are seeing good results across the Atlantic as we do that.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Reuters, we have Alana Wise. Please go ahead.
Alana Wise: So, given the tragedy that happened yesterday on the Southwest flight, Im wondering if United is planning to look into or speed up any inspections of engines in its 737 model jets and any others with the CFM engines.
Oscar Munoz: Alana, hi. This is Oscar. As Greg mentioned earlier, a service bulletin was issued just last week regarding an event that had happened previously on another airline. And so, as a result, we did kick off the program to address the bulletin and well be fully compliant. And again, that started just recently. So, yes, we will follow the same program.
Alana Wise: And do you have any idea of the time table of completion and how many engines or how many of these engines are actually in United fleet?
Oscar Munoz: Not really. This will be ongoing through the course of the year.
Greg Hart: This is Greg Hart. We have about 698 of these engines in our fleet.
Operator: And from Flightglobal, we have Edward Russell. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: Could you comment on the fleet plan going out through 2020? I mean how many -- do you have any mainline aircraft coming off lease in that period and do you plan to extend the leases or buy them off -- can you give a little idea on what the mainline fleet is going to look like over this period?
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. I dont have the numbers at my fingertips as to how many aircraft coming off operating lease in the next few years. But the number of aircraft on operating lease continues to shrink as we bring more aircraft out of the balance sheet. The reason we do that is we are agnostic about financing but often times it is just simply better cash economics to have -- to purchase those airplanes rather than continue to lease them. And so thats we are doing a lot of that. As far as on a go forward basis, we look at each individual deal on a case-by-case basis. And I suspect that there are many that we will look to acquire or extend. And there are others that we will simply give back to the less. So, weve provided some information on the 2018 fleet plan in the investor update. And were not really compared to go into a whole lot more detail other than the specific callouts we have today on a few expected deliveries and we expect to see including the airbus used A319 transaction that we discussed earlier.
Edward Russell: Okay. Is it right to generally assume that the mainline fleet will grow -- likely grow in 2019 and 2020, without going to specifics?
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I think clearly, yes, we definitely have that expectation that we will see growth in order to execute on the long-term growth plan that weve provided information on through 2020. Certainly part of that is dependent on adding additional aircraft into the mainline. So, we absolutely will be growing mainline.
Operator: From Wall Street Journal we have Dough Cameron. Please go ahead.
Doug Cameron: Oscar and Scott have talked about this before, just kind of deepening the alliance front and putting yourself in a place with some of your rivals who perhaps had alliances a bit longer have done. I just wonder, if you could comment a little bit on what that actually practically entails. And I guess, just as a side line, was there a bit of a credibility gap because of its operational problems which kind of made some deeper alliances more problematic? Thats maybe putting the cart before the horse but any comments on what you can practically do to deepen the alliances would be useful.
Scott Kirby: So, first actually Star Alliance and United as founding member is the oldest of the alliances. Thats a
Doug Cameron: You shouldnt be behind then.
Scott Kirby: That said, we had opportunities to work more closely together than we had historically. We got some nominal alliance partners. Weve spent a lot of time working with them. Andrew Nocella and myself personally meet with them frequently. And having that kind of high level of engagement has already led the changes. They are not going to be some big bang and press release talking about, but we everyday get better. If you look across the Atlantic, our impressive results are partially because our partnerships with Air Canada and Lufthansa, and how we are working more closely together as a team. And we think that there is continuing opportunities to improve that going forward. But, we are very pleased with our partners and how
Doug Cameron: But to be honest, Im sorry thats all a very vague. Id just [Indiscernible] because you have brought this up before, the need to deepen the alliances and obviously Delta and American will show it from rooftops about the money they are making from their partnership. So, really interested in digging a little bit better than that you have great partners.
Scott Kirby: Yes. Unfortunately, thats all confidential and its stuff that we keep behind the curtains on what exactly were doing tactically with our partners.
Operator: From Bloomberg News, we have Michael Sasso, please go ahead.
Michael Sasso: Yes. Can you give maybe a little more information on these 20 used A319s? Weve been hearing that easyJet may be the source of those. Can you talk about where these are coming from and in fact are they coming from easyJet?
Scott Kirby: Hey, Mike. So, theyre midlife aircraft that were acquiring. As far as where theyre coming from, were not able to disclose that information due to provisions in the purchase agreement. So, as much as Id love to tell you that Im just unable to do so.
Andrew Levy: Mike, the seller asked us not to disclose yet.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact media relations, if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Leskinen - IR Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Andrew Nocella - EVP and CCO Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Davis - T. Rowe Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Mike Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Kevin Crissey - Citi Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Darryl Genovesi - UBS David Vernon - Bernstein Joe DeNardi - Stifel
Michael Leskinen: Good afternoon. Since we're an airline, we're going to go with T0. And if you're late, you're late. Welcome. This is my first event as the Head of IR at United and I am excited to be the newest member of this team. It's great to see a lot of familiar faces from my 16 years on the buy side. And it'll be great to work with all of you from a different seat. Our priority is to transparently communicate our goals and we're going to work on doing more transparency, youre going to see some of that tonight, but also we want to let you hold us accountable for our financial targets and we're going to spend time focusing on that tonight as well. I think at the end of the night, you're going to see tangible evidence of a shift in that communication and I look forward to having a discussion with all of you. Before we begin todays presentation, as safety is our highest priority, we like to provide a safety briefing. In the event of an emergency, please exit out the stairwell directly behind you and down the stairs. Once outside, proceed to the corner of Wall and Broad on the northeast side of the building where we all -- where we will meet and do a roll call. If you're CPR or First Aid certified and willing to assist in an emergency, please identify yourself now. An AD device is located in the coat room on this floor if needed.  In case of an earthquake, duck under a table or other stable object. Clasp your hands and use them to cover and protect the back of your neck and head. In case of fire, the closest fire extinguisher is located in the back of the room. In addition to cellphones, there is a phone located in the back of the room as well, 99 for an outside line and then 911 in case of an emergency. In an event of an active shooter, be prepared to run hide or if you're Scott Kirby, fight. Thank you for your participation in this important matter. So I'm not going to read this. Information in the following slides do contain forward-looking statements. In fact, that's the primary purpose of tonight. With that said, I encourage all of you to read the legally required disclosure on the screen. Joining us tonight are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy.  With that, I'm going to hand it off to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you. Thank you, sir. And welcome Mikey. Its great to have him here. Its a great addition to the family and I think with Julie Stewart who's moved over to be my Chief of Staff, it's nice we have a buy side and a sell side perspective on the company. I think that sort of underscores our focus on the importance of you as investors as well as our many other constituents.  We're doing something a little different today. We're going to have our fourth quarter sort of call very briefly and then go into this thing, we call, an investor update. I think it gives us a little more time to have more conversation and clarity about some of the things that we're doing. And I think as Mike said two or three times, transparency, accountability, all those wonderful words that get tossed around. I think youre going to see lots of that more than you've seen certainly from us and maybe some  from people in the industry. Importantly, the E team is here, our executive team. All of you at the reception to get to know them a little better for those of you who don't know, if you have problems with the WiFi in particular and there's Linda. But there's actually a few of our young folks from both finance and commercial. [indiscernible]. There's Tom Doxey and Jonathan Ireland, which I think most of you kind of know and then from a commercial organization, there is Damien and Ankit [ph]. I hadnt seen Ankit. Ankit, are you here? Hes stuck in traffic. Some of the people in the room. So I urge you, if you can, get a chance to meet those. Those are, I think, the future leaders of our company to some degree. But with that aside, let's talk a little bit about what we're trying to accomplish today. Here's just a quick version of the idea. I'm going to take the quarter ending and a little bit of a sense of where we finished in 2017 from a full year perspective. Then, we're going to get into the meat of the matter. And I think, as always, it'll be a terrific event for everyone. More importantly, we are highly confident of what we've been working on for the last few months and that confidence is going to sort of morph itself into not only guidance for 2018, but also we're going to give advanced EPS guidance into 2020. And so, that's something that you can look forward to over the course of time here. The quarter, Ill be brief, we came in better, both top line and cost in close-in pricing was strong as much of the industry and so thats certainly helped for us and as you think about some of our regions, China came in strong. Both November and December PRASM was positive. That's a nice inflection point, given the fact that we haven't had that for some time. So, were excited about that. We ran and continue to run a great operation and that helps immensely with regards to our cost. We know our cost issues, we know we have structure -- structural issues we have to work through, but Ill tell you running better is running cheaper and again, our team continued, Greg Hart is here. His team continues to do a great job in that space.  And as I think past the quarter in to the full year, I realize we all completely understand that to some degree, 2017 was a bit of a transition year, not without its issues and consequences over the course of time in so many ways. But I don't want to let that cloud what I think really from the foundational perspective is really important as we head into 2018 and beyond. And so, we did do some pretty good things, despite some of the cost headwinds in fuel and some labor issues, labor cost that we had to deal with and so we've returned value to share owners in a significant way when the course of the year and announced an even bigger program moving forward. Strategic initiatives and you'll hear infinitely more about this today, had a good beginning and are already starting to bear fruit. I think you're going to get a master class from Scott Kirby with regards to what connectivity, what hub, growth and structure means to us. And I think youll see a very strong foundation about what our growth plans, what our CASM plans are about, because I think on CASM and again, fourth quarter was a great momentum builder, we believe that CASM-ex, both from a relative and an absolute perspective, we've finished fairly strong and that's a foundational thing that we're also going to give multi-year commitments on and Andrew Levy will talk about that significantly in his portion of that.  But if you allow me just the next couple of charts, I need to talk about our record breaking operational performance over the course of the year. This is fundamentally when you think of customer service, customer engagement, customer involvement and stickiness, this is the primary basic foundational thing that we've been working on. For all of you that have been following us, when I first arrived was about the people, the people who are about getting the business running well and I think that infrastructure, that bedrock has been built.  And what youre going to hear today is the real focus of how you take this network and really make it and create profits for you as investors in the company. We had the best operational performance in United history. That may sound trite, because you guys have only been around together for a few years, but it's been significant and more importantly D0, which is kind of one of our many key metrics, but that's the one, I think probably were most proud of, because we operate in some pretty tough environments and we don't get a lot of credit for that. We don't like to whine or complain, but it is important when you finish as strong as we have and in fact, we are one of the leaders in the industry.  And this doesn't happen without the people in our organization and so the kudos and the shout outs to them, because they've done a significant job, and not just in our own internal metrics, but if you think of external metrics, the Journal just published there, I think what's key on this chart, if you see the progression, well, fourth place is not our destination and we're not lauding the fact that oh, we're fourth. But look at the progression over the course of time and that's the important part because just a few years ago, we didn't do the fundamental customer centric thing that you need to do as an airline is run a good one. And so, this is underpinning our strategy and the foundation that we're moving forward. So as we turn to 2018, we need to continue that reliability aspect, but our 2018 focus is about improving Uniteds margins and the bedrock -- the foundation for that are the first two things, strengthening our domestic network, again, we'll talk a lot about that today and driving efficiency and productivity and you'll hear more about from both Scott and from Andrew Levy. Those are foundational.  We have a lot of confidence, but more importantly, despite what you may hear and think, the alignment and the focus between our management team and how we're wound at this is we are so focused on this. It's just need to see, which gives us the confidence again, it wouldn't -- when you think about the continuity of profits and margins and sustainable over the long run, it's key. Important to note, because of the profit margins, because of how we've been running, we're not going to stop investing in our business.  Our people, the training, the models that you have to, you know, that you have to provide for them, so how to react in certain circumstances and how to run a great airline, we continue that training. The product is always a never ending sort of level of investment that we have to constantly balance and then technology. And I think at a future time, Linda and her team, we're going to blow you away with some of our digital innovation that we're building as we speak today.  And I maybe speaking a little out of school, but we are very excited about some of the more strategic things in digital, because we're always going to be the company we are. We've been around for a long time. We have the infrastructure. We have people that have been around with us for a long time, but how do we transform everything, I think the space is through the digital channels and I think we've got a lot of great ideas and already a lot of things and actions.  So with that, again, it's about margins this year and forward and I think what we're going to tell you is sustainable and so Ill be back at the end to sort of recap, but with that, Mr. Kirby.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar and thank you all for coming down here in person to join us and thanks to everyone that is listening on the Internet. As Oscar said, today, we're going to do something that is atypical, at least for our earnings calls and well Oscar talked a little bit about the earnings, everything from here going forward is talking about the future. And fundamentally, we're here today, one of the biggest messages that we want to talk about is the rationale for what we need to do to make the United network strong. And many of you have known me for a long time and you know that I'm passionate about airline route networks, because it is the foundation that everything else is built upon. And so today, we're going to talk about where we're going for the next several years. We're going to go all the way out through 2020 and tell you where we're going, but more importantly, we're going to tell you why we're doing what we think is the right thing to do for United Airlines. So to start, as I said, the network is the foundation of everything that we do and for as long as I've been around in the airline business, people have talked about the potential that exists at United Airlines and have been frustrated with when are we going to realize that potential. And today, we're going to hopefully talk about what really that means and what in the United Airlines route network doesn't realize the potential, what are the great things about it, but what are the things that aren't yet realizing the potential and how we can return United Airlines to profitable growth and how we can close the margin gap frankly through the right kind of growth and through strengthening the weaknesses that we have in our network. But to start, we have to leverage our strengths. One of the great things that we have at United Airlines is the best international gateways of anyone in the world. Our hubs on the coast do far better and I'm going to show you some data, do far better than our competitors and that is a huge competitive advantage. These are crown jewels for United Airlines. We also have the best alliance to participate in, at least, the alliance with the most potential. And the geographic position of our Mid-Continent hubs, Chicago, Denver and Houston is ideal.  Theyre big cities that are growing, vibrant cities and they are ideally positioned from a geography perspective to be really efficient hubs that complement each other and serve the entire country. But those three hubs have some uniquely United opportunities and that's what we're -- I'm going to spend at least the majority of the day talking about. And we need to grow and strengthen our domestic hubs and we'll talk about why before I jump to those conclusions. But more scale, more connectivity is what we have to drive at these hubs and you're going to hear me use the word connectivity over and over and over again today.  A hub and spoke airline is really a manufacturing company and it is about manufacturing connections. The more connections you can drive at a hub, the higher profits you drive at that hub, the more options you have for customers to flow through that hub. And its exponential. You add one flight into a hub that has 80 connections, you don't just add one market like a point to point carrier would be doing, you add 80 new markets and that strengthens the whole network and it makes the other 80 flights stronger at that one hub.  And so the key to everything that we're going to -- that I'm going to be talking about for most of the rest of the presentation is about driving higher connectivity and why that matters to a hub and spoke airline. But Im going to start by at least taking a minute to talk about the uniquely United strengths and I talked about our strong international gateways. We have hubs in the five largest cities. What's remarkable actually is that the seven United Airlines hubs account for 80% of the premium demand in the United States, international premium demand is coming from the seven United Airlines hubs.  This is a huge asset and by the way, the profitability for all of us in the airline business flying internationally is really predicated on the premium demand. The more premium demand you have, the more defensible that is, the higher profit margins it drives. This is really a huge strength for United Airlines. We're also a member in the best alliance, at least the alliance with the most potential. This goes back to connectivity. We fly into partner hubs that have phenomenal connectivity on the other side. If you just think about United and Lufthansa and it's not just Lufthansa, but United and Lufthansa, when we fly from Chicago to Frankfurt or United or Lufthansa flies from Frankfurt into Chicago, our alliance is not about carrying people between Chicago and Frankfurt.  Yes, we do that, but our alliance is about adding a whole bunch of behind connecting points on the other side of Frankfurt that we can carry people to destinations we would never fly to. Likewise, for Lufthansa, so they can get people to Kansas City and St. Louis and Omaha, places they're never going to fly to on their own. And thats what drives value in an alliance. And our connecting partner, Lufthansa has clearly got the best connecting hubs in Europe. Our partners in Asia, particularly Air China and ANA have great connectivity there and we're building a great partnership -- set of partnerships in Latin America to really try to make a run for the money competing with American Airlines and LatAm, but we are in the alliance that has the most potential. I'm not going to talk a lot about this today, but there is a lot of things we have to do to actually realize this potential that we are working on with our partners and expect to continue to have this get better and better. What's also important though is the geography of our hubs, the size and geography of our hubs. And as I talk about hubs and I'm sure many get questions about things like natural share. The answer to those kinds of questions is going to come back to geography in many cases and our hubs are well positioned geographically to serve the entire country. You start with Chicago, not only is it the third largest market in the country, a great local market, but its geographical position is well positioned to serve the entire northeast, connecting to the Midwest, to the West Coast. It is well positioned to serve the entire northern tier of the country in addition to being a large market in and of itself.  Denver is situated in the middle of the country. It's probably the best position of any hub geographically, to serve the entire country, to serve Transcontinental flows. And it gives us unique access to the Mountain West, to small cities on the West Coast, to the Midwest to get people west. It has a unique element that no other hub at any airline can serve. It's the best position geographically of any hub, and at the same time, it's a big and growing market with the kinds of tech investments that you see going on there, tech companies moving there. It's a growing, vibrant local market, but it's also well positioned to serve a unique set of markets that only Denver can serve as efficiently as it does.  And finally, Houston is a wonderful southern tier hub that can connect people across the whole southern tier of the United States, but is also very well positioned geographically to serve all of Latin America. Whether you're coming from the North East or the West Coast, funneling through Houston is a really efficient routing to get you down to South America, to get you into Latin America. It is extremely well positioned and it's a big local market for Latin markets. So we have these three great hubs that are not only great in and of their own rights, and have potential in and of their own rights, but they also complement each other. Unlike some of our competitors, our hubs really are complimentary. You got a northern hub, a central hub and a southern tier hub. It's rare that were over flying our hubs and competing with each other. These are three hubs that can complimentarily serve each other. But the opportunity at United is to make these three hubs stronger and they're not as strong as our competitors hubs. They don't have the same profit margins as our competitors hubs have today and there are four things that I'm going to talk about. One is hub scale. This is just how big you are and this matters for the obvious reason that if you're a frequent flyer, you want to be as big as you can possibly be. By the way, it also matters for things like credit card programs, because if we're not as big as our competitors in all the other cities around the country and you're a frequent flyer and you're deciding which credit card to get, you're going to get the frequent flyer program that -- for the airline that has the biggest service, the most service. And as we'll talk about -- as we go through this today, if we're number three in all those small cities, we're going to be behind on things like the credit cards. So it's not just the obvious things, it's all the ancillary businesses that matters well. Connectivity, this is the key and connectivity drives everything else that I'm going to talk about. It drives scale, it drives revenue quality, it drives asset efficiency. If we can drive higher connectivity, if we can manufacture more connections, that is the magic elixir that makes hubs successful. And we'll talk in detail about what that means. Revenue quality, as United was shrinking, United was pulling out of high yield small cities and that was really damaging to United Airlines and our relative revenue performance and CASM performance. And finally, asset efficiency. We have structurally created an airline as united was shrinking that we made ourselves high cost and Andrew Levy will talk more about this. I'll introduce the concept, but in short, we don't utilize our assets as well as our competitors and we have a lot of times of the year or days of the week where we just put our assets on the ground and don't do anything with them, but we still have the same costs and that is the structural cost issue that existed at United. The good news is that one is imminently fixable. But to start, I want to go back to this concept of the crown jewels, the international gateways versus the mid-Continent hubs. And so this just shows two hub types. So we've just compared our international gateways, which are phenomenal, all four of them are really -- do very well. And we have great data, you all know, we have great data to compare our hub profitability to others and we are pretty accurate at estimating each others profitability by hub. Our international gateways are about seven points more -- have higher profit margins, about 7 points higher than our competitors and that is because they are in those big premium international markets -- places like San Francisco and New York are just crown jewels for United Airlines.  And so I'm not going to talk about this today, because we're going to talk about the opportunity, but we will -- that's the reason we will always defend every single point of market share in these crown jewel hubs, because we can't let the domestic base get eroded and still support the international flying that we do out of these hubs. But the real opportunity at United Airlines, to close the margin gap, to improve absolute and relative earnings, is about our mid-continent hubs and Chicago, Denver and Houston, despite being big markets, despite being well positioned geographically, have profit margins that are about 10 points lower than our competitors at mid-continent hubs.  Its another way of showing it. And this is one. If you look at both American and Delta, they're at the same spot on this chart. This chart on the Y-axis has domestic seat share and on the X-Axis has percent connecting revenue. And probably the more important thing is actually that percent connecting revenue. As you grow hub, as you drive higher connectivity, you make it more defensible and you make it higher profit margins. I mean, look at some of the hubs that are on this list, a lot of -- some of them are in big cities, but mostly they're in cities that are smaller than where the United Airlines hubs are and they have very similar profit margins and really there's a very high correlation between connectivity at the hub and profit margins.  And by the way, those two bubbles, all five of those hubs are very tightly packed in terms of what their profit margins are. Because they have similar high levels of connectivity, there's a similar point on this chart. And this, if you just remember one thing from today about the United Network, I would say it's probably this, because this is what drives the profitability of a hub. It's true around the world and it's what drives it at United. And for what it's worth, everything were going to talk about today, we're not trying to reinvent the wheel here. This is not -- we're not treading a new path.  In fact, this is a well worn playbook that myself and one of the person at least in here have done at a number of other hubs at different airlines and driving higher connectivity of the hub is just math. I mean, we can talk about all the risks and things, but it's just math. When you drive higher connectivity at a hub, you're going to drive outperformance and incremental revenue through the hub. But scale, scale is the first thing that we talked about is a real issue at our hubs. And scale is issue for the obvious reasons that I said. But also, I want to tell you another reason thats an issue.  So in the last five years, we cumulatively shrank by 8% our hubs. You can see that our two competitors are growing in this hubs, in their hubs. Remember, these are growing, vibrant markets, Denver, Chicago, Houston, growing vibrant market. So what do you think happens when we're shrinking, but the total market is growing? Well, our competitors grow faster. There is a absolute correlation between these two things, an inverse correlation between these two things. When we shrink in a growing market, someone is going to come in and meet that demand and that's exactly what happened in United Airlines market. Unfortunately, it's even worse because a lot of that demand was met with low cost and ultra low cost carriers who backfilled us when we were exiting and shrinking in those markets.  And many of the people in this room have written research reports over the years about the best forecaster of PRASM going forward, the best forecaster of profitability and the best forecaster of all those stock price performance is this chart and this chart happens because of the left side of the chart. When we shrink, our competitors grow faster and that matters to us. It also matters because our customers want a great network, particularly our premium customers who want to get to as many destinations as they can with as much frequency as they can. And our depth is well below, this is the number of flights that we have per day in each market. Our depth is below our competitors at these hubs.  Our breadth, meaning the number of markets that we serve is below our competitors at our hub and importantly, our connectivity is significantly below where our competitors are. If you're American Airlines and you can carry more than twice, you have more than twice as many connecting itineraries on every flight that you're flying into those hubs, they're massively more profitable because they have that higher connectivity. And this is the biggest thing we're going to change and it's not just about growth. Some of it is about growth, but it's not just about growth. We'll talk about re-banking hubs. Again, the whole idea of re-banking hubs is not new territory. It's territory that at least some of us have been down before and it's a well worn playbook that we've used in the past.  Connectivity, I keep harping on connectivity and I got another example here. And this is the re-banking. So in Houston, we've gone from a ten bank structure to an eight bank structure and what that means is we didn't add any flights, but were just keeping the number of flights the same, we concentrated into bigger peaks and I just have one example here. Our Las Vegas flight now has 21% more connections. This is the magic of making a hub work, because we now have 10 new destinations and either on peak demand days, we can yield up and we can spill off some of the lower fare traffic.  And on off peak days, we can run higher load factors. We've accessed a whole new pool of demand without even changing anything about the number of flights that we have, a whole new set of demand that's available and this isn't of course just one flight. You multiply this across all 500 flights in the hub and all 500 flights are getting another ten or so connections, significant change in the profitability of the hub. This is the key for United going forward. We have to fix this and we have to make this better, if we want our margins in these mid-continent hubs to close the gap to our competitors.  You can see by the time we get to the end of the year, this isn't on day one, this isnt for the full year, by the time we get to the end of this year, the combination of some growth, but also a lot of restructuring that we're doing at our three mid-continent hubs is going to drive 21% higher connectivity in Houston and 15% higher connectivity in Chicago and Denver. This really is a big deal to the profitability of United, not just this year and next year, but for the long term and particularly as we continue to grow this. Revenue quality also matters. To orientate this slide, we've divided the country into large, medium and small markets and shown you the yield and show you how many passengers we have, what percentage of our passengers come from these and what percentage of our competitors passengers come here. What you can see is they were a lot smaller in the small markets. We have fewer percentage  we have 26% of our passengers coming in small markets and our competitors have 30. Conversely, we are largest. 40% of our revenue is coming in large markets, which have the lowest yield.  This wasn't true 15 or 20 years ago. When Chicago to Laguardia would have been the example of a really high yield market, but in a world with lots of low cost carriers, it's not a high yield market anymore. Rochester to Laguardia is a high yield market, but Chicago to Laguardia is no longer a high yield market and we are disproportionately exposed to large, low yield markets and we did that to ourselves in the past six or seven years. This did not look like this in times past. And what happened at United is United was shrinking and frankly shrinking because they're getting pressure from rooms like this to shrink. And as United was shrinking, what United did was took the regional jets out of markets like Rochester, Minnesota and put them into markets like Newark, Atlanta and DFW to Chicago and that caused three damaging effects at United Airlines.  First, we lost that high yield traffic from Rochester that used to support the whole network. Second, we put regional jets into competition with American and Delta where they were flying mainline equipment and we lost customers who used to fly us and now we pushed them to our competitors, because they didn't like the product. And third, we had employees who were screaming at us, this is stupid, why are you doing this, and we alienated them and they were right, they were right that we shouldnt have been doing that.  And so we had three bad effects that happened as we took regional jets out of the kinds of markets they should fly, the small cities with high yields and put them in competitive large markets. And this is something that we can fix and address. When we talk about natural sure, I'll come back to a lot of examples like this, probably during the Q&A, but this is really one of the key elements for driving higher revenues that United is getting us back exposed to our fair share of these markets that we pulled out of over the last five or six years.  And then finally, the fourth element that I had in talking about the network is really a point on asset efficiency and Andrew Levy is going to talk a lot more about CASM and I won't steal his punch lines, because they're great and the numbers are really good, but a lot of the reasons that United structurally has higher costs than our competitors is a whole bunch of stuff around asset efficiency. And Ive just picked one chart to put on here and what this is, is, it graphs our monthly service compared to our largest month. So, August is our peak flying month and so how much do we fly in other months compared to August.  And what you can see is again as United was coming under pressure to shrink, United shrink in a way that maximized RASM. Our RASM is lower in January than it is in July and August. And if you just want to maximize RASM, shrink in January, shrink in February and that's what happened in United. And you can see, in January for example, we went from 88% of average or 88% of August down to 78%, 10 point decline in January. And that's good for RASM, but its terrible for CASM, because we have exactly the same number of gates in January as we have in August. We have exactly the same number of airplanes and we have almost exactly the same number of employees. We try to mitigate this with voluntary leaves of absence and things, but this is a job for people. You can get 22% of your workforce to say, I don't want to come to work for the month of January. And so we -- our fixed cost structure is basically the same in January as it is in August, but we're producing 22% fewer ASMs.  Another way to think about this, another example because we've started this already, we started this in the fourth quarter. We added back service from Dallas to Sao Paulo on Tuesday and Wednesdays. When Brazil cratered, we canceled Tuesdays and Wednesdays. We put it five days a week, canceled Tuesdays and Wednesdays. We knew adding it back on Tuesday and Wednesday was going to be lower RASM. And in fact, it came in actually a little better than our forecast, but it came in with RASM that was 17% below average.  So our RASM was lower, because we flew Dallas Sao Paulo on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. But the CASM on that flight was even conservatively estimated over 40% lower, because the airplane was free. The gates were free. The slots were free. We had all of those fixed assets and people is even another area that was probably not even adequately represented in our CASM number because that crew that flew down on Monday instead of coming home, now has to stay till Thursday. We have to get them hotels. A lot of times, we have to pay them guarantee pay, because they don't get enough hours and they stay over in Sao Paulo.  They don't want to be there  if they wind up staying over in Sao Paulo for several days, we get them hotels, we pay them guarantee and then the crew that would have taken the airplane back on Thursday also has to stay over, because it's created a chain of events that you've got to wait for each crew to bring the airplane home and you just never catch up. And so this kind of behavior, if all you want to do is maximize RASM, man, this is the way to do it. But if you want to maximize profitability, it's damaging, because the CASM impact is so much bigger than the RASM impact.  So going forward, we're going to measure ourselves on these four metrics from the network perspective. We've got a whole bunch of more metrics, but hub scale, so one way to think about that is the amount of spokes, where we're ranked number one or two. Again, this matters Ive alluded to the credit card a couple of times, this matters not just for the obvious of winning customers, but if you're in Kansas City and there's no hub there and you're picking  youre a frequent flyer and you're picking who to fly, you're going to probably pick the airline that's number one in that city, because they can get you the most places. When you live in Kansas City, you almost always have to make a connection anywhere that you're going.  And if you're going to have to make a connection anyway, you can connect in Dallas or Houston or Chicago or Minneapolis and you're going to connect with the carrier that has the highest service. And that matters to our passenger revenue, but it also matters to all of our ancillary revenues. Connectivity, this is again the number one issue, the number one thing for us to drive is higher connectivity across the network. And it's not just about growth, it's also about structure and this is something we absolutely can do and again, it's just math. This is really hard to debate that it works, because it's just math as you exponentially increase the connectivity of a hub when you grow it.  Revenue share in small city markets, I talked about that, well continue to access more of those as we move forward. And then of course asset efficiency and Andrew Levy is going to talk more about what that means for our CASM and particular he's going to get to what that means for our near term EPS guide in 2018, but also an EPS guide for 2020 as well. And all of that is going to lead to improvement in our pre-tax margins, both absolute and relative. And this is a different way of talking about it than we did a year ago, but this is the issue. The network is the issue.  And if you want to and understand an airline and understand what their profit potential is for the long term, you have to understand the network. That's why we spend a lot of time on this today because this is what's going to get United, make United great again. This is what is going to drive margins at United Airlines in both an absolute and a relative sense, but that then gets us to the bottom line, which is our growth rate. And we are planning to grow this year, as we start to repair some of this and as we focus on our mid-continent hubs, we're planning to grow 4% to 6%. And we expect to grow at similar rates in 2019 and 20.  I also, while Im on this slide want to make a personal commentary. I've known many of you at least for 15, 20 or more years. And I think my reputation with you is, one, I've been probably the most hawkish person in the industry in terms of pushing for -- aggressively pushing for and driving consolidation, because I knew what kind of value that would create. I also had a history I think of being a capacity hawk and cutting unprofitable flying and I absolutely have done that in the past and would do that if we had unprofitable flying at United Airlines today. In fact, it's not something I'm proud of, but it was the right thing to do financially.  I've been at airlines where we've closed a number of hubs, but we have a different hand of cards to play at United. If I had the same hand of cards to play as I've had at other airlines, where we had unprofitable operations that we needed to shrink, that's what we would have done. But we have a different hand of cards to play at United. The opportunity at United is not about shrinking. The opportunity at United is about growing back to where United frankly should have been had it not went to negative 8% growth across the last several years.  And restoring the position, we're building back that chart that I showed earlier, moving United Airlines from the lower left and up into the right and driving higher connectivity and share in those three mid-continent hubs is the key to making Uniteds profit margins higher. And that's why we're doing this. We're doing this because that's what works and we know that's what works again. Those three hubs, it's really about math and that's why we're here today to talk to you about that. And with that, I'll introduce Andrew so Ive focus just on the network. There also are a lot of great things going on in the network or at the company that aren't just about the network. So commercial initiatives that are going to drive higher revenues compared to what they otherwise would have been. And I'm going to turn it over to Andrew to spend some time talking about all those.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Scott. There I am. So as Scott said, the network is the really center of where we started this from, but we know all the commercial activities that surround network need to be worked in harmony for the network to achieve its potential and in particular, we know that our customer initiatives need to be ongoing as well and we have a lot of customer initiatives coming through the pipeline. So today, we're not really going to focus on those things, but I want to make it clear that those are ongoing and at the appropriate point in time, we'll discuss them. Today, I really want to focus on the revenue management and pricing area and customer segmentation. That is an important area of focus for the company and a lot is going on on that front. So in particular, Gemini, Gemini is our new revenue management system. We just turned it on and I want to talk about what it means to United Airlines and why it's so important. First of all, the very first chart on the left here is the forecast bias. So, Orion, which is a system that United's used for decades at this point, a couple of decades, just constantly under forecast demand and that's -- you can see the negative bar here under Orion. So what that meant is that we are constantly expecting the demand to our flights to be low. So our inventory access was open and we accepted lower yield passengers more often than we should.  Our analysts did the best job they could what a complicated network of trying to boost the Orion forecast artificially to account for this, but across thousands of flights per day, 330 days per year, that was just not the way to manage the system. And so we had to move to a new revenue management system and Gemini is our new one. And you can see its slightly over forecast our demand. We're so happy to be there. So we no longer have this guessing game of how many passengers are really going to show up for the flight. The forecast is dramatically more accurate today than it's ever been.  So our analysts don't have to artificially alter the forecast and they can rely on Gemini to produce a quality forecast, so we know who's going to show up for the flight. And what does this mean? Well, on the right side of this chart is what happened to yield and PRASM in the test markets we did in the fourth quarter? So we ran a really good test. We went on and off, so we were in both systems against the same flights every other day and it had amazing results. Our yields are up 2.2%. Our load factor was down a little bit and we drove RASM 1.2% higher. So obviously, we're very excited about that.  We now have Gemini working across the entire system and so its spooling into the process and by the second quarter of this year, it will be fully functional and third and fourth quarter where I think we'll see the best results from it. And this is something were working on over time to make even better. The amazing thing about these numbers is we do have the analysts to account for things like Halloween and other things to make our forecast better. Those Gemini numbers up there are completely untouched. That is just the system running with the mathematical formulas that are in there. So we're pretty bullish about Gemini and what it's going to do for United Airlines as we enter particularly the second half of the year, but even as we enter part of the second quarter. So Gemini is a major development at United Airlines and one we're very excited about. All right. So the next thing I want to talk about is segmentation and this is something that we wholeheartedly believe in. And a few days ago, we announced United Premium Plus, which is going to be our new class of service between coach and business class. This will allow customers that want to buy up to a better experience, which includes more food and more leg room and more comfort. To do so, obviously, many of our competitors have done this. They're out there flying around the globe.  We worked with our alliance partners and they and Lufthansa as we really understand how this works, how many people are going to buy it from coach, how many people are going to buy down from business class and we also think this is going to be a big home run for United Airlines. It will take about three years to fully roll out across our international system. There's a lot of aircraft to convert, but in three years time, we'll have this product out there and I think it's going to be a great home run. And again, it further shows how we're thinking about segment in our revenue and segment in the customers with each churn. On basic economy, come a long way since last summer. We've altered it a little bit in terms of how we put it in the bottom five fare classes versus going always up the ladder. But needless to say, we think it's been much more effective as we've made these changes. In 2018, we plan to expand it. We just in fact launched Denver to Hawaii. We hopefully will be launching to more international markets with basic economy and most importantly, we're going to give our basic economy customers another choice, whereas today, you're unable to select your seat assignment in advance.  When you book your ticket, you have to wait till you check in. I will be turning on technology shortly that allows you to assign yourself a seat for a small fee in advance, so you can pay that fee upfront or you can choose to wait till check in to get your seat for free. It'll be assigned to check in, but it's obviously an opportunity for our customers that are buying a basic fare to be able to select a seat or -- and it's an opportunity for United Airlines on the ancillary revenue front. So we're excited about that. All right. So as we turn to 2018, we look at RASM and where we think things are lining up. We just wanted to give you a perspective on things. First of all, as we grow and Scott just showed you the growth rate, we know were growing a little bit faster than our primary competitors, so that will create a headwind. So we have some headwinds and we have some tailwinds as we enter 2018. So in terms of headwinds, that growth rate we expect will cause half a point off the RASM and Andrew Levy will be up next and will kind of explain how the CASM and RASM will work and why that makes sense.  And we also see OA competitive growth. So Scott showed you what's been happening in our hubs over the last few years. And in fact, definitely happened in 2017, where capacity growth in the United Airlines hubs was at twice the rate than our competitors saw. So we expect that headwind to continue into 2017 between half a point and a full point RASM. We don't know the exact number. We can't see all the way through 2018 at this point, but it's definitely a headwind. The good news is, is we have a host of initiatives. And since I joined United Airlines, I just have to tell you like every day, I come in and I find yet a new opportunity and it's just a question of getting all those ideas ordered, prioritized and in the pipeline so we can actually deliver on them.  And here's just a few things were working on. Obviously, the schedules already change dramatically. What we have loaded in terms of the RJ developments into smaller cities that have this high yield exposure, key to what Scott talked about earlier. Gemini revenue management is already turned on and it's working across the entire United Airlines system. Weve re-banked the Houston hub late last year, Chicago in just a few weeks time and hopefully, Denver later this year after we get through the summer peak.  And then segmentation, beyond that, the list is really long and there's all kinds of things not only that are techie on the digital front, but also for our customers that we think ultimately drive more and more value. So I like to say Im really excited about all these opportunities. Some of them come online immediately like Gemini and some of them take a little bit longer to achieve like the Polaris business class seat, but we're well on our way and we've defined all those items and we're excited to be able to deliver on them and we think that's going to create a lot of value in future. So with that, I'm going to hand it off to Mr. Andrew Levy, my partner and he'll talk about our finances.
Andrew Levy: Good afternoon. So now you've heard Scott talk about the network strategy and one of the things that we think are important to do to improve profitability at United in the short term and the long term, Andrew just talked a lot about specific commercial opportunities and initiatives that are going to help us in terms of revenue. I'm going to talk about CASM mostly. Now, we are -- first and foremost, its a margin story. So when people ask us what kind of story are you, well, its margins. Margin is what matters and that's our primary focus. But we have a terrific CASM story and many of you here have known me for a long time.  You know my background, my history, I've been in the low cost side of the business for most of my career and those are companies where you have to compete on costs. And so I'm very passionate about that. That's my experience pre-United. But we have a great CASM story here as well. We have, as Scott mentioned, a very high fixed cost base. We have all these assets, a lot of people and as we talked about in the seasonality side, we don't use it very often. We're going to be able to address that going forward and that's what's going to drive a lot of our opportunities and I'll talk about that in a little bit more.  Now, we're also going to give you, as we've previewed, a annual 2018 earnings per share guide and we're also going to give you a target for 2020. We like earnings per share because it is really easy to calculate. It's really easy to hold us accountable, so were going to talk about that. And Im not going to spend a lot of time talking about the balance sheet, but the balance sheet is a foundation of everything that we've talked about and that we're going to talk about that enables us to do all this. We have a terrific balance sheet. We have ample liquidity, low debt levels. Were very, very comfortable. So we wont talk much about the balance sheet today because I don't think that that's really an issue going forward. We have a great -- it's a great strength of the company, so were going to make sure it stays that way. So let me walk you through the slide at first before I get into some of the details. On your left, you will see our CASM for 2017 and our forecast for 2018. Were going to be flat to down 1 in 2018. And you can see on the top right, we have some headwinds and some tailwinds, which I'll talk a little bit about. As I mentioned, we have a terrific CASM story. That being said, there are a lot of headwinds this year that we're going to overcome. Now, the first one and probably the most important to just highlight is the regional flying. And Scott talked about how we're going to fix the network.  We're going to add a lot of regional flying this year and that is going to be a CASM tailwind, or excuse me, CASM headwind. There's no way around that. These are expensive airplanes to operate. And so if you just look at it in terms of CASM, they do drive CASM expense. However, we're not doing this to optimize CASM. We're driving -- we're finding more regional jets, because that's what's going to take to fix our network to go in to some of these smaller cities and drive higher levels of profitability.  We have 31 more aircraft this year that are going to be fine in our regional fleet, about a half a point of CASM. Now, we're making a lot of investments in technology and that's very deliberate. That is to be able to better take care of our customers, give our employees the tools they need to better be able to take care of our customers. It's going to drive operational efficiency and therefore lower costs on the back end as well and were making a lot of investments in infrastructure, disaster recovery, things of that nature that are foundational and really critical that we do.  We have other costs as well, which are more annual in nature, labor, even though we don't have any new contracts in place in 2018, we have annual wage escalation that continues going forward. Airports seem to only go one direction. We have a lot of airports that we're seeing a lot of price or cost pressure. We expect that will continue. Different airports perhaps different years and of course many, many other costs that we need to overcome. Now, next year and beyond, we have a lot of tailwinds also.  We're going to get a lot in the way of asset utilization whether they be gates, aircraft or our employees getting -- just becoming more productive and I'll talk about that in just a minute. We also have an opportunity because we've done such a good job with our operation and that's due to a lot of hard work, effort energy and focus that we have each and every day, but at the same time we've also put in a little bit of reliability buffers to help us get to where we are now. We're going to start to pull some of that back, which is going to be helpful in terms of cost. Aircraft financing, we historically had a lot of operating leases, which are very expensive.  As those aircraft are coming off of lease, many times, we're buying them and putting them on our balance sheet, because we intend to operate them until they're going to be scrapped at the end of their life. We'll talk a little bit more about that. And as I mentioned, not only is this a 2018 story, where we expect to be flat to minus one, but we expect to do the same thing in 2019 and 2020 and that includes any labor deals, which we have a pilot deal that's coming due on the 1st of January, January 1st of 19, excuse me. We expect this will be the best among our peers and we're very committed to making sure that this happens. So, productivity is the single biggest lever we have in these next few years. We have very high fixed costs and we have a very seasonal schedule. So we've kind of added to it, not only do we start out with high costs, but the way that we operate, we don't put a lot of ASMs or as many ASMs as we can. We're going to try to reverse that. Scott talked a lot about that.  Let me show you what we have here on the chart. As you can see on the left, left to right, you see productivity, ASMs per FTE, full time equivalent employee, aircraft utilization, departures per day, were showing to you departures per day, which I think is more relevant. Youre talking about seats. And then gate utilization, which is up dramatically, 7% next year. Scott mentioned, just going back to that Sao Paolo example, the marginal cost of incremental flights during those periods of time is extremely, extremely low and we have a lot of opportunities to do that. We're going to do some of that in 2018. We expect that to accelerate in terms of the meaningfulness, in terms of our overall capacity, growth rates in 2019 and 2020 and we're very excited about the ability to better use our assets and become more efficient and drive a better CASM story going forward. So capital expenditures, on the left hand side, you'll see where we came out in 2017, 4.7 as we had guided and we had also talked to you about this in the third quarter was that we thought we'd be at about $1 billion less in 2018. So we're renewing our commitment to you on that. That being said, we continue to grow the business. We're investing in fleet. We're also, by the way, becoming more capital efficient, not just through productivity, but also because we're going to continue to bring on used aircraft in two different ways. First is buying aircraft off lease, where the opportunity presents itself.  Last year, we bought 46 aircraft off lease. This year, we have about 60 that are coming off lease. We probably won't buy all 60. It will depend on the economics of each transaction, but that's a very efficient way to add to the fleet or to keep airplanes in the fleet instead of buying used -- new airplanes, it's much less capital, very efficient and the best used airplanes out there are the ones we've been operating since birth. So I expect that will continue. So well continue to move aircraft onto the balance sheet off of operating lease as those opportunities present themselves.  We're also adding used airplanes. You've heard me talk about that a long time. I love used airplanes. And as many of you know, 24 scheduled airplanes this year. 2018, three of them are actually widebodies. We recently signed a deal to bring on 3 767-300 ER airplanes. There will be many more user aircraft to talk about as time goes on and as we continue to take advantage of the spot market. Non- aircraft CapEx is going to continue to rise this year. Actually, it was kind of flat, but we expect it to rise in 18, 19 and 20. And that's as we continue to invest in our product with Polaris, clubs, the customer experience, our people, technology, tools that enable them to do a better job for our customers and at the same time investing in infrastructure, whether it's bag systems, gates, but also in many cases, it's just deferred CapEx, that just CapEx that didn't -- wasn't spent back when times were much tougher and we didn't have the balance sheet strength. So we're still digging out of that hole that will take us a long time, but there's a lot of capital that we will continue to spend in those areas, which we think are very, very important. Oh, by the way, one other comment, 2019 to 2020, we expect that well be lower or excuse me, that will be higher than 2018, but lower than 2017. 2017 will still represent the high watermark we expect at this time.  So, there's a lot going on in this chart. Let me first start out by saying that we all, I think, are enjoying a great market. There's no signs of weakness out there. The whole world is booming, which is exactly why we need to be probably vigilant and make sure we know how to manage through the eventual downturn, which will come at some point in time. As you can see here, I'm showing you year-end 2017 mainline aircraft in our fleet. And then where we expect to be by the end of 2020 and where we could be by the end of 2020. If we are going to utilize the levers that we've created for ourselves to manage our fleet plan, we have a lot of flexibility.  We've talked about that repeatedly about the flexibility we have with our order book at our fleet. We think that is one of the most important things that we have to manage through tougher times, apart from a terrific balance sheet, which I already touched on. But we can manage our fleet. This is critically important and the other thing that we can do to manage our fleet is continue to bring on lower cost airplanes. And again, you've seen me do that before. It's very effective. It gives you a lot more flexibility in the case of a downturn and we think that's critically important as we go forward. So, here's the punch line. 2018 guidance, we're giving you an annual number as weve already previewed. Scott talked to you about capacity, 4% to 6%. CASM-ex, minus 1% to flat, we're all incredibly committed to delivering on that. We expect an earnings per share range of $6.50 to $7.50 and we touched on CapEx just a minute ago. We like earnings per share. We think that's what matters most to us as shareholders. We think it matters most to you as shareholders. As a metric, if you're going to pick one and so that is -- with our efforts to try to become more accountable, more transparent, that's why we're doing this today.  And lastly, this slide basically speaks for itself. This is a range for 2020. This is what everything we talked about gets us in 2020. We're very, very confident in the long-term strategy that we've outlined for you today. We have a great CASM story. As Ive tried to give you a little bit of information on today, while Im sure well talk a lot more of that in Q&A, very committed to making that happen and I think importantly, we're showing at these numbers a 25% compound annual growth rate in terms of earnings per share by 2020. So with that, I will turn it back over to Oscar to finish up.
Oscar Munoz: Just so we're clear on the numbers, $8.50 on the chart on the far range of EPS is the correct number. And I also want to reiterate, because it wasn't maybe clear on the chart that our CASM guide does include labor deals. And I do believe that from a transparency and a forward aspect, I don't know that anyone in the industry has ever sort of done them. And that's the level of cost management that were going to be going after. So with that, let me just bring it home before we get into Q&A. When I took this job, some of you in this room, a lot of people in the business talked about United being sort of the unsolvable puzzle. There was assets and resources and a global footprint that had great promise, but nobody had ever been able to figure out how to actually put that together. And so one of the first tasks we took out is how do we create a team around that with the smartest capable minds taking advantage of that and that's what weve created. And despite everything we hear and see and sometimes read, we've got a plan that we're very, very confident about.  You heard that strengthening our hubs is critical, not just to our growth and competitiveness, but to profitability. I think thats an important aspect of what we're doing. The numbers we've chosen, the things that we've done about maximizing profitability. And again as Andrew Nocella talked about driving revenue on all aspects of our business, but you heard him specifically say that every day he shows up to work, there is even more opportunity.  So the opportunity set from my perspective, as I talk to the team, specifically, we talk about the great sort of confidence of things to be touched ahead and for the unsolvable puzzle piece, when you think about the mid-continent and the gap aspect of there, that's where the opportunity lies and thats why the growth that we're doing is going to be focused on high cost business, efficiency and productivity, all of that continues to be, I think, Andrew just laid that out very well and so ladies and gentlemen, that's our plan.  That's what we're headed out to do. There will be lots of questions and concerns about different numbers, but that is the fundamental plan and our confidence level is high the numbers weve reached. To provide you some sense of our comfort and our confidence, we are giving you what we think is a greater level of accountability and transparency with the EPS numbers that we're providing. More importantly, we're making the big strong pivot to the strategy, not only doing what's right for the business, for our customers and for our employees, but also driving those sustainably higher profits and margin. So with that, we're going to stop. Im going to ask the team up here and we will take your questions for the next time period.
A - Scott Kirby: I think Julie is going to  Julie and Mike are going to bring mics around. Maybe, to Mike? Maybe not.
Andrew Davis: Thanks for the update. Its Andrew Davis from T. Rowe. Scott, as you try to build regional encashment in your hubs, is there a risk that the traffic that you are going to gain from better regional fee incomes and at a lower yield than it's coming at, now, maybe for some of your competitors and the reason I asked is because American just announced some additional expansion of regional feed, there's a lot of geographic overlap between you guys and I'm just kind of concerned that is this the next frontier of competition that prevents you guys from hitting some of those targets you hit today?
Scott Kirby: Yeah. And Id like to answer that Andrew in a more -- in a broader perspective as well, because a lot of the questions we get are, what's the competitive response to this going to be. And I think its a perfect way to frame this and think about it. The growth potential for United Airlines, just like for our two competitors is really about the geography of our hubs. And what happened at United is, we had years where we were shrinking, while our competitors were kind of growing 2% or 3% a year and I expect they'll continue growing kind of 2%, 3% with GDP.  What we're doing is frankly catching up to some of what we went negative on for years before, but it's a great example, the recent American Airlines announcement. I'll take the Northwest Florida airport, one I know that you like this go to. An American Airlines just announced service to the Northwest Florida airport. It's a really good market for United Airlines and we fly from Houston to the Northwest Florida airport. But it's a market that is almost all connecting traffic. Our largest O&D from Northwest Florida is flying to Denver and that's four passengers a day.  Our second largest is Los Angeles and that's two passengers a day. And the reality is, when American starts flying to Charlotte, which is well positioned to serve Northwest Florida and to Dallas, which is also well positioned to serve the Northwest Florida airport, American is going to get some share from us. They're going to -- some of those two passengers a day that fly to LA are going to now connect through Chicago -- or through Charlotte or connect through Dallas and we're going to lose that share and there's nothing we can do about it. What are we going to do, fly a non-stop flight from Northwest Florida to LA to try to protect two passengers a day and try to protect our market share in there.  It is just about hub geography and I think Northwest Florida is probably an exception to what I'm about to say, because it's still actually a growing market. But at the end of the day, if it wasn't a growing market, we would wind up adjusting capacity, because our demand would go down. And so I don't think the yields are really going to change in these markets, because if you're in a place now to pick a United example, like Rochester, Minnesota people, live buyers -- frequent flyers that live and travel in Rochester are basically connecting everywhere they go and they can connect in Minneapolis on Deltas hub.  They can connect in Chicago on Americans hub and it used to just be the two of them and they probably had about 50-50 market share. And now, United is in the market and it's going to settle at a third of third of third. And the capacity is going to adjust to whatever the demand levels are. And when I talk about natural share, that's what it means. It's geography.  It's not some design to go take on a competitor or have an aggressive response because we have a hub in Chicago where we can connect people to hundreds of destinations and if you live in Rochester, we're well positioned geographically to serve that market. Just like in Northwest Florida, American is well positioned to serve that hub and they're going to win market share from us. But we will wind up with kind of our natural share of -- based on the geography of our hubs and the reason United Airlines has more growth opportunities than our competitors is because we not only havent been growing with GDP for the last six or seven years, we were shrinking at the same time, our competitors were growing in those markets.
Hunter Keay: Its Hunter Keay at Wolfe Research. Appreciate the multi-year CASM guidance and you said it includes all labor deals going forward, you're kind of up against the sort of max that you're allowed on your scope right now, Scott and I'm wondering how you can be so confident on that cost guide, when you're probably going to need some give back and scope from your pilots to achieve some of this regional feeds youre trying to do. So how do you put a dollar amount on the amount that you're going to have to pay for likely scope relaxation? Unless you reject the premise of the question that you don't need scope relaxation?
Scott Kirby: Look, I start with -- I completely understand why our employees and our pilots in particular are worried about scope, because they have seen us take, as I said in the presentation, take airplanes out of a place like Rochester to Chicago and put it in Newark Atlanta. And they know that was stupid and they were right. We should not have done that. But we're now doing it the right way. We're not just asking them to believe us, were making commitments, where actions speak louder than words.  We're up-gauging back in markets where we should be up-gauging and we're putting the regional jets in the right market. But our plan is predicated on having -- it's a critical element, having that high yield flow come through our hubs and we shouldnt have been finding regional jets in a market like Newark, Atlanta but we're going to have to fly regional jets in places like Rochester, Minnesota or Elmira, New York or Columbia, Missouri. We're going to have to fly regional jets because that's the size of the market and we can't grow the mainline if we don't have that high yield flow coming through hubs.  And so there is a win-win. The reality is, we will grow the main  the reason pilots want scope and don't want us growing is because they're worried about jobs. But we're going to create more pilot jobs by having the right kind of aircraft flying, having the right kind of regional jets flying, which then gets to the next point. In the past, we could fly 50 seaters and we've got a temporary surge in 50 seaters in 2018 because we don't have a choice today. But in the long run, we can't be flying in a market like Rochester, Minnesota with a 50-seater if our two competitors are flying two class regional jets.  We will have an uncompetitive product, just like we had an uncompetitive product in Newark to Atlanta for the local market, we will have an uncompetitive product for Rochester to the world and we wont stay in that market. And that's bad for the mainline, because if we can't feed that high yield revenue into the hub, then we can't make it work. And Id believe our pilots understand that.  Because they've been burned in the past, they're going to want some kind of commitment from us, but I think the deal winds up being, we don't need more airplanes, but we can wind up turning 50-seaters into larger regional jets, but we make some kind of commitment to them, whether it's a growth commitment or jobs or some kind of commitment that says, we're not just asking you to trust us that we're going to do the right thing, but it's not about buying scope relief. It's about addressing the issue and the issue is about jobs for them. And they've seen their jobs get outsourced and we do that.  That is a win-win-win for all of us, because its something we need to do anyway as we talked about extensively in the network deck and that's a win for our pilots and that's really what they want. The protection, they're not trying to protect themselves against Rochester, Minnesota. They're trying to protect themselves against us doing that Dallas to Chicago and we shouldn't be doing it in a market like Dallas to Chicago. And so, we are talking to them and I think we're going to wind up with a win-win-win that fits within our CASM guidance. So, we wouldnt have given that CASM guidance today.
Dan McKenzie: Thanks for the presentation guys. Dan McKenzie from Buckingham Research. Couple of questions here, just one housecleaning. I guess, as you provide the EPS outlook for this year, does it factor in some potential upside thats tax reform driven or is there some potential revenue upside beyond what youve guided? And then if you could just address, I think investors are pretty shell shocked from the pricing shock that occurred in 2017. Obviously, the guide doesn't factor in, maybe you can't talk about pricing, but it would seem that, maybe that's in the in the rearview mirror?
Andrew Nocella: We do have in that guide of course tax reform, but we don't have anything explicit about that driving higher demand. And you guys can back into what our PRASM number is and I'm sure most of you've already done it. Some of you may have even published research reports on it already as we talked, which annoys me, because then you arent listening, Im kidding. But we don't have anything explicit in there. We also dont have anything explicit that there's going to be another pricing and I don't think there will be. Frankly, I always bet the over. I think everyone knows that.  But with fuel at $2.11 a gallon, I think that chances of some bad pricing thing happening gets more than not zero, but with fuel $2.11 a gallon, which is what we've got embedded in those numbers, I think the chances of that are smaller and you can back into the numbers and recognize that our forecast kind of at an industry level is probably more conservative than some of you.  And I hope you're right, but we've put out a number that we feel really good about and that we think we have some ability to deal with some ups and downs that might happen. We obviously not everything, there are things that could happen that caused us to miss, but that we have some ploy in there to deal with the inevitable, something bad happened somewhere in the world. We're not going to have a perfect year. We're going to have something most years, but we could also have some good things, but we don't have anything explicit kind of from tax reform built into the numbers yet.
Dan McKenzie: Understood. Follow-up question. I'm wondering to what extent an up-gauge strategy in 18 or in 19 or 20 plays into the non-fuel cost guide. At some point, does it make sense for A319s to free up 75 seat RJs, so that those 75-seat RJs then could go, free up 50 seat RJs. Are there any 50-seat RJs that come off in your capacity purchase agreements to give you that up-gauging opportunity?
Scott Kirby: Couple of points I guess. First of all, the up-gauging which has been a steady upward pace over the last few years, it does pause this year, starts going up again in 19 and 20 based on our fleet plan. We do have a lot of flexibility with our regional jet contracts, particularly the 50-seater. So we do have the ability to -- we do have a lot of flexibility with that in the next couple of years. So Ill probably leave it at that as far as how that works, but we do have that. So, our hope is that we can replace 50-seaters with bigger regional jets or in some cases, it might be what you describes, maybe small narrowbody mainline airplane in its place. So stay tuned
Mike Linenberg: Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank. So the 4% to 6% out over the next few years, I mean, theyre big numbers. If -- can you talk through maybe some of the key underlying elements in those numbers, like how much of it is better utilization or productivity like Andrew, you talked about huge opportunities to improve asset efficiency. How much of that is driving the increase in ASMs as well as what percent are in and out of hubs? Is maybe all that is hub flying or are there -- are you looking to expand in to focused cities, et cetera?
Scott Kirby: Ill go in a reverse order, because thats one is the easiest. 100% is in and out of hubs. Our strategy is about strengthening our hubs  everything I talked about is better hubs and all of our growth is going to be in our hubs. I don't have an exact number on the breakdown of how much is utilization and -- but you can get an idea and we have better numbers for 2018. Weve done more refined analysis. You can get an idea from the chart that Andrew showed about efficiency. Those are all asset efficiency. In 2018, another way of looking at it is, I think to approximately 2 points of our growth is Hawaii and thats still real growth, but it's a different kind of growth than just flying in domestic markets.  And by the way, our Hawaii growth is really a lot more focused on flying from our hubs, like Denver to Hawaii and then off the West Coast, much more competitive and we have grown there too as well. And we both have a history of knowing how well those connecting hubs can work to funnel people. Again, its funneling people through the hub and -- but two points in 2018 are from that. A big chunk of our growth in 2018 is actually this temporary surge in regional jets, which doesn't last.  So there's every year there will be kind of those explanations, but you can get to pretty good numbers from looking at Andrews chart on the utilization, both of aircraft and gates and employees, just to get a good mix that you look at this year and at least half is kind of that kind of utilization type of line that's really efficient on the assets. And even the stuff that's not explicit in that category winds up fitting somewhat in that category, just because we arent adding gates anywhere in 2018. And I suspect in 19 and 20, we will have a picture that looks a lot similar, in a lot of ways similar to that. With more gauge, one of the things thats going to drive it in 19 and 20 is also gate as well.
Andrew Nocella: And then Scott, just to add onto that, some of the new routes that you're flying, some of these longer haul are ultra long haul flights that you're adding where you have because of your hubs, you're probably uniquely positioned of any US carrier to fly, say a Houston-Sydney or an LA-Singapore. I get that Houston-Sydney obviously competes with Dallas-Sydney with Quantas so for flow traffic, but it does seem like that that's also driving a sizeable chunk of the ASM growth. And again, there's nobody else really in some of those markets, they are very unique. You're the only game in town.
Scott Kirby: That's a really good point. And you're right. I mean, Houston-Sydney, I don't know the exact percentage, but it's probably a high single digit percentage of our ASMs in 2018. From a single route, then its an example of -- and its an example of the power of a hub. I mean, literally, 85% of the people on Houston-Sydney are going to be connecting from other destinations and it's a phenomenal route, because if you live on the East Coast, if you live in Oklahoma City or New Orleans, today, if you want to go to Australia, you basically have to fly to the West Coast and at least in one direction, spend the night, check into a hotel near LA or San Francisco and spend the night.  But if you're going through Houston, you can do day trips each direction. And so it is for the whole rest of the country flying through a hub like Houston is the most efficient way to get there and it's just an example of the power of a hub and utilizing the power of the hub, not just for the domestic network, which we focus on today, but even for great international opportunities, because you would never fly that without the power of a hub behind it, supporting that market.
Jamie Baker: Good evening. Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. So 2017 was supposed to be the transition year, margin contraction and various reasons that at sort of this time last year, you were talking about that. The problem is the midpoint of the guide for 2018 implies another year of margin contraction, but obviously the ambitious 2020 guide speaks to the potential for margins to inflect. So my question really is, when is the transition year -- transitioning to higher margins instead of lower margins and what are the most important drivers of that from tonight's presentation, because it's not really clear to me the timing or the contribution and you're guiding down again year-on-year, when and what really drives the inflection, give us some confidence there?
Andrew Levy: Well, I think were guiding to essentially flat next year and that's what the $1.6 billion fuel headwind. That's the difference in 2018. And we've got an embedded assumption of industry revenue and forecast was in our number, which we arent going to tell you, but you can probably back into it and figure it out. And I think most of you have a more ambitious forecast and I hope you're right. And look, I think, you can make the case that particularly with fuel at $2.11 a gallon, revenues will come in better. But we are conscious of the fact that fuel prices are up $1.6 billion this year. And are we going to be able to pass through 100% of that or not, because essentially that's the math, because we've got flat to slightly -- flat to down CASM. So when fuel goes up 106 billion, we got to drive 1.6 billion on the revenue side.  We got to drive it all on the revenue side and that's a pretty big decline when you think about it from that perspective and that's how we get to the numbers. Our margins frankly inflect and get better, because the curve is slightly backwardated and you're continuing to drive flat to down CASM with higher RASM. It's just -- it's math. And we have created numbers that are probably more conservative than you have. Others will have numbers that we feel good about making a commitment to you that we feel confident, we are not 100%, can never be 100%, but that we believe we can hit even when we get thrown some curve balls going forward.
Kevin Crissey: Kevin Crissey at Citi. So Scott, how does the low cost competition in your hubs affect your ability to drive the margins that maybe Delta sees and some of the hubs that maybe has less LCC competition in the hubs? How does that affect?
Scott Kirby: It matters. The best way to be able -- first the best way to compete with a low cost carrier is master prices. Half our revenue approximately comes from customers that are mostly shopping on price. And we cannot ignore half of our revenue and we can't let our low cost carriers have price advantages in our hubs and no one chooses to fly on an ultra low cost carrier, if they can get the same price on United Airlines. Nobody, at least, if they know what theyre buying and so it's entirely within our control whether they succeed or fail in our hubs.  And our advantage that we have when we compete with them and the advantage that Delta has thats better than us is high connectivity, because if you can fill an airplane with 80% connecting revenues in a market, then they're left competing for 20% of the market and they cannot succeed in that environment, but the higher your percentage of local revenue is, the more able they are to compete, because they're just competing for local revenues in the market.  So we're going to be  well continue to have an aggressive competitive posture vis--vis ultra low cost carriers, but the biggest strength we have is the connectivity of our hubs and the higher that connectivity is, the harder it is for them to succeed. I mean, look at a place like Charlotte, no low cost carriers in Charlotte, because it's so much connecting revenue that the local market is too small, is too small of a percentage for them to try to pick off even big markets. And that's one of the benefits that we get as we grow connectivity and our hubs.
Kevin Crissey: Thanks. And if I could follow up with a second one. Andrew, this is for you. Like, I try to come up with kind of rules of thumb, things that work in the industry from talking to airlines around the history and one of the things when you were at Allegiant was that you adjusted your schedule really aggressively, seasonally and day of the week. Why is it different, the economics of that different at United than it is, at say Allegiant?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think, they are two completely different businesses. I mean, just in every single respect, the business I was with, we built it to do exactly what it did. So we have a very high variable cost, a very low fixed cost. This is the exact opposite. We have very high fixed costs with not a lot of ability to vary them. So it's just completely different economics and the only thing that matters is that your RASM exceeds your CASM. So the marginal RASM is to exceed your marginal CASM, which drives profits, we think that the right thing to do here is what we've outlined today and we expect that it will work -- it will drive margin and it's just  its kind of night and day from what I've been involved in the past.
Unidentified Analyst: [indiscernible]. Just looking at the ASM growth and all the things youve said, there's a lot of moving pieces here, but should we assume that domestic ASM growth over the three year period will exceed international or is there no assumption we should be making in that at all?
Scott Kirby: That's our expectation that domestic will be higher than international. I would expect international to, over a long time horizon, sort of be growing with GDPish. In any given year, it might go up or down because as Mike pointed out earlier, you add one route, then its a full point of growth. So in any given year, it might be a little different. But over -- if you smooth it out over time, it's probably going to look GDPish.
Savanthi Syth: Savanthi Syth from Raymond James. Just on the growth again. If I look at 2017, it looks like if I look at your competitors, much of their growth was small mid-markets, but if I look at United, the growth was kind of large, small, mid pretty evenly. As you look in to 2018, 19, 20, how is that growth mix? Is that going to be similar in the next few years?
Scott Kirby: It will and in fact, theyll start this year as we have more regional jets coming. It will be probably more biased towards small markets, but what's really happening is, we're displacing -- the reason it looks like that in 2017 is were displacing regional jets in the big markets, because today, we're flying regional jets in big markets and we're displacing them. So, its a huge increase in percentage ASMs in a market like Newark to Atlanta or Dallas to Chicago. As you go back to the kind of airplane we had six or seven years ago, and you put the right airplane on it. And that will continue, but because we're taking more shelves of regional jets, there would probably be a little  there be more, a disproportionate amount that's moving into the small and medium sized markets, as there is more shelves available to do that kind of line.
Savanthi Syth: Just a follow-up on the fixed cost question, is there any kind of discussion to rethink how the labor contracts are written where you can imagine close to the reality today, which is that the US is a mature market and to maybe have more less of a treadmill or more even seasonal flexibility where you don't  where your minimums are a lot lower in the kind of off peaks and you can have a higher kind of time spent in that peak?
Scott Kirby: I think the short answer is yes. There is a desire to give ourselves more flexibility to manage through the seasonality in a way that's more cost effective than what we are able to do today, but you have to -- you do have to take the employee perspective into account and these are people who live on their salaries. And if there's a -- we try to do with things like voluntary leaves and we can do a lot, because there is a lot of people that are willing to take voluntary leaves and willing to fly less in certain months, because its good for their life. But you can't have the kind of 22% decline that we have -- we don't have that many people to do it. And we're not going to get contractual flexibility, we can just say to people big change in your life in January compared to the rest of the year. Its going to have to be something that works for each of our unions before well get it done.
Rajeev Lalwani: Hi. Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Oscar, a question for you. You came to investors and provided some healthy targets but then things started to move around as it relates to capacity and some of the other goals, how do you assure investors that that doesn't happen this time around? And then I have a follow up for Andrew.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you for asking me a question. I was feeling lonely up here. Kind of building transparency, we use the words constantly. I think the EPS targets are the best measure as weve talked about. We've gone through the absolute versus relative. We did the Investor Day a year ago. It was hard to try. A lot of the feedback we got from all of you that it was just difficult. And so we thought the best way to do it is just to go to EPS and not only do it for the year, but for -- give you an hour target as well. So that's how you can measure us and thats how we measure ourselves and that's what the guardrails are for us to make sure that all the decisions we make stay within that or above it as you might think.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thanks for that. And then Andrew, can you just provide a walk of your old CASM guide to the new CASM guide and what impact does capacity have? Trying to get sort of an underlying clean number as far as what's changed versus before on a three year look?
Andrew Levy: Yeah. Every time you say Andrew, I have to wait to hear what the question is to see which Andrew. So, the short answer is, I don't have a quick answer to give you. I can tell you that old CASM guide, I think you're referring to what we talked about at Investor Day, which was not -- I wouldn't characterize it as a guide. I think what we're giving you day is a commitment that we're making. That is very different than what we talked about in November 16. So I think that's important to point out. That was a three-year view that we felt we would be between flat and 1% based on an assumed rate of capacity, which was a complete theoretical assumed rate of capacity.  I think we made it very clear that that's all that was. The reality is not much has changed since then. I can honestly say, I think, adding regional jets, that's something that's different. We didn't expect that to happen when we came up with those numbers back in the  it was probably early November of 2016 when we put those numbers to bed. So I think that's probably the single biggest change that's occurred, but as we talked about, we have a better appreciation for the opportunities that we have to drive productivity and higher levels of efficiency, which really is a -- that is a huge part of the CASM story.  I mean, there's other things too. We're scrutinizing our expenses in a level that we haven't done at least in a while, I'm told, having been still a relative newcomer, but we just went through a very rigorous budgeting process to try to make sure we understand we're spending our money on and eliminate areas where we can instill, de liver great product for our customers. But we can work with the offline to try to give you a bridge, but we didn't have one prepared at the moment, although I think that realistically, it's really the regionals for the most part. Everything else is pretty much the same, for the good guys on the productivity.
Brandon Oglenski: Good afternoon, everyone. This is Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. So hate to be critical, two earnings calls in a row here, but look, there's a lot of investors here that look at the group and say, these stocks are at least optically cheap on today's earnings, but a lot of folks won't buy your stock because the belief is we're on a long term trajectory to just dilute margins and take profits right back to breakeven and you have problems with balance sheets looking forward. So a lot of analysts in this room believe things are truly different this time, but Oscar, I hate to say it, just feels like this meeting is again contradictory. I think you opened it up saying the focus at United is on margins.  That was clearly the message in 2016 as well. And I think the problem that people have measuring this is because you widened the margin gap in 2017 with a strategy that was outgrowing the market. We show up today, it will take the strategies again to most likely outgrow the market that's based on your own forecast, it looks like revenue underperforming cost performance, so margins again are likely to track below the industry, so the gap is going to widen for a second year in a row and what is a very robust economy so where is the confidence that you can instill in your investor base that we can believe those 2020 targets are actually achievable from here with a strategy that seems for the next three years to be a repeat of what we've already seen?
Oscar Munoz: I would just quibble with the optics of what you just said, this plan -- the details of this plan, the aggressive guide with regards to CASM, I think we are very confident and focused on that and I think as we accomplish. I think what Scott said earlier and what we're comfortable with and giving you at this point in time, so indeed we don't sort of provide numbers that are maybe too high and we lose confidence. I think it's important to know that what we have in front of you is a pretty darn good plan. I think the growth aspect of it as it's been outlined and the component pieces of it and the reasons why and the profitability there in, I think are important and doable.  We've already, and starting in the fourth quarter, our CASM experience has been great. So we are norming and forming a team that's really getting at the bowels of this. And so I wouldnt project this plan and this guide and this outline in any way, but a really positive view and you may disagree with me on that as well, but I'm not going to defend our numbers in any other way other than the details are here. I've been in this industry for a long time and I've never seen and youre not seeing the level of detail that we see with regards to Andrew Nocella who hasn't been asked a question either.  So wed get to you. The level of detail, OD pair, ordering by destination with the profitability expectation of where we're growing, how it measures up, it's the work that we did in our summer program and is the peak that was one of the first concerns about capacity was we went back and looked at it really hard as to hub, are we better off after that summer peak of growth than we would have. We were significantly better off. And so from my perspective, as I harness the energy of this team is, is growth good? It is in the right places at the right time in the right way.  Would that gain us profitability? We've done different model at different numbers and this is where we have come out that it has the highest profitability and then we control the things that we can, which is CASM and that's what we've done. We give money back to share owners. So we're confident about this plan and we're going to -- the trick is to deliver on it and margin contraction, the 1.6 billion of fuel that were overlapping, I think when you take all of the things into account, it's better than you -- I would tell you that it's better than you think. You may think differently, but we're going to be very focused and energetic and communicating this in a very positive way to our company, so that we deliver.
Brandon Oglenski: If I could just follow up with Scott too, I think you said 4% to 6% capacity growth for the next three years. Is that right?
Scott Kirby: I said 4 to 6 and similar in 19 and 20.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. Now look, I'm just an analyst, I don't run anything. So I definitely respect your opinions on the hubs and where your opportunities are in the network. But as investors and analysts agree to believe that at some point this plan is going to result in stimulation in your natural share, such that your revenue is going to significantly outperform your markets and I just want to ask that in the context of your Rochester example that you'd spoke a lot about, because I think it was a very right question that aren't you just going to be taking flow off from some of your competitors, so what's the competitive response going to be? I think your response was that the ASMs will sort themselves out between the competitors. So do you believe that incrementally you're going to win at the expense of some of your larger domestic competitors?
Scott Kirby: Look, Ill let you say it that way. And I wont characterize it that way. I think all of our hubs, if you grow them to their fair size, you're going to win your fair share of those small markets. And just like we will not be able to defend all of our market share from the Northwest Florida airport. Our two competitors can't defend all their market share from Rochester because it's just a function of the geography and the connecting hub that you are flying into. And as sort of Andrew showed in your numbers, we think in year one, those come in at lower than system average RASM, as you're moving into a market and the same would be true at our competitors.  What's different at United is, weve spent years shrinking, while our competitors were growing. And we're not going to say thats the new baseline and we're not going to accept 10 margin point lower profitability in our mid-continent hubs. I mean, that's the key. And growing our hubs to have the kind of connectivity that our competing hubs have, I don't think by the way well get all the way there. There's reasons if we want to talk about the specifics hub by hub, we won't get all the way there, but we'll get close on the profitability of those mid-continent hubs by driving higher connectivity in those hubs.  We absolutely, I mean, really it is math. We will get close in those hubs and we will always have higher profit margins in our international gateways. And that's what's going to drive profitability for United in the long run. And even in the near term, as we do that. Now, there will be times, there will be quarters where stuff happens. I mean, you look at, like we have one bad -- really bad quarter this year, the third quarter, where every exogenous event happened in that quarter, whether it was Guam hurricane, Pacific weakness as you also see price war that lasts for three months and we had some self-inflicted wounds in the same quarter. But that doesn't make the trend for what the fundamental strategy.  And the whole point we were trying to say today on laying out the network strategy is the intellectual rationale for what we're doing. And I would fundamentally disagree with some of the statements that preceded the question about our under performance in 2017 was about growth. That wasn't the issue. It was a whole bunch of other stuff. We did have issues. It was a whole bunch of other stuff, but it wasn't about the growth and the growth, particularly for growing in places like we're growing, one of the other issues in 17 was lots of competitive capacity. We think it was happening in San Francisco and other places. Our growth and strengthening our hubs is absolutely the critical, essential element to driving higher absolute and relative margins at United and that's just -- I'm absolutely certain of that.
Darryl Genovesi: Darryl Genovesi, UBS. Thank you. Scott, it's true that I can back in your RASM forecast, it's also true that I have. I guess what I can't necessarily see is what your underlying macro economic assumptions are and by the same token, I cant see how you sort of view your own RASM performance over the next few years relative to the industry. So can you kind of help us understand that and also try to help us understand kind of sensitivities around your underlying assumptions?
Scott Kirby: So Andrew tried to hint at it without giving you specific number, so I'm going to hint as well without giving you specific numbers. We know that growing faster in the short term drives lower relative RASM. We know that higher competitive capacity growth in our markets drives lower relative RASM. We do have a lot of tailwinds. Andrew talked about them, Gemini being probably the biggest one segmentation, but those aren't necessarily -- I mean I think a lot of those are relative tailwinds because we're behind where our competitors are. But those aren't just relative tail -- those are tailwinds relative to not doing anything, but it doesn't necessarily -- our competitors arent going to sit still.  Delta and the American didn't fire their whole yield management teams, just sit on their hands with your management systems. I think our 1.2 points that we're already seeing from that is going to be meaningfully better than they get, but they're not going to be zero. And so we try to give you a flavor, we do have specific numbers that we have internally. But we're not going to talk about our growth forecast, but you can  I mean you can do the math and get -- probably within a reasonable range of what we think our relative performance is going to be, given what we have said.  And look, I know because Ive read all of your reports. I know what you forecast that we are more conservative at a macro level and I hope you're right. But again, what we don't want to do is put an aggressive forecast out here today that things are going really well and we missed the absolute forecast. We're trying to make absolute commitments to you here today. And while I said before, we're not 100% certain we'll get there. We feel like we can deliver on these numbers in 2018 and on 2020. And we want to be able to deliver and so we're probably more conservative than you and I hope you're right.
Darryl Genovesi: Oscar, just a quick one. How frequently are you intending on updating this guidance?
Oscar Munoz: We haven't talked about it. I think, we are definitely going to give you every quarter an update on everything were doing. Our EPS doesn't track ratably or sort of move around, but I think every quarter and possibly sometime two or three quarters down, I think it would be important to give you a sense, the scorecard that we have out there and other scorecards that we have. So we'll be a lot more visible, I think, more importantly, you'll see certainly me a little bit more often with either Andrew Levy or Scott with all of you investors that we've been focusing, I've been focusing on a lot of things and a lot of places and I think I had a key learning on the year, especially towards the tail end is that this part of our world is incredibly important. And then so we'll give you the updates as we see, but mostly -- hopefully we just want to give you some good results that track along the things that we're doing, which is why we're putting those EPS targets out there.
David Vernon: David Vernon with Bernstein. Scott, I really appreciate the color on what you need to do to build out the network and manufacture that connectivity. Can you give us a sense for how the financial returns from that strategy will pay off as you implement it? I imagine, you're expecting a little bit lower load factors, you mentioned before that yield should be okay. How do you think the cadence of the payoff from the strategy is going to play out between 18 and 20?
Scott Kirby: So actually, growing the network ought to drive higher load factors. You look like if that was Vegas example and you put ten more options for connectivity, it ought to do two things, especially as we get the yield management system tuned. One on peak demand days during the summer, we can spill off some of the lower loads because it was just, city X had the lowest yield and now city Y, one of the new ten cities has higher yields and we can take the city Y passengers into city X. But also in off peak periods, you can now fill -- where you run a 70% load factor today, you can run a 75% load factor because you have more demand.  So the hub stuff ought to drive higher demand. The place where we have a lower load factors is what Andrew talked about, which is on the yield management system, which we had a built in bias in the yield management system to dramatically under forecast. And when you're under forecasting demand, you're saying there's fewer people left to come. And so even in your peak period, you're selling too soon. You're selling out far in advance. And so what's happened now, as we've got the yield management system is you're not selling as many seats far in advance and that leaves more seats to be sold close in, which are at much higher yield as Andrew pointed out, two point higher yield in the test, but since you ran a point lower load factor, because you didn't see all of those.
David Vernon: I made I guess  I heard your response to the first question around the yields not necessarily taking ahead from growing the capacity, and if load factors are going to go up and 
Scott Kirby: That was really a competitive question about what's going to happen when we add service into these small cities. And I don't think, I think ultimately capacity doesn't happen overnight, but I think capacity in those small city adjusts to the level of demand. None of the big network carriers go into small cities and try -- or any cities and try to stimulate demand by lowering prices. The pricing structure when we went, as we've gone into small cities and we've gone into a bunch of them in the last year, the pricing structure never changed.  What changes is there's more capacity and demand changes and moves across airlines and it's not like some executive sitting on a table like this, says, oh, because American Airlines started flying to Northwest Florida, let's go cut one flight. It happens from the bottom up, because you see -- we'll see less demand than we otherwise would have seen in Houston to Northwest Florida and I'll never even know what happened and Andrew wont know what happened, but somehow, capacity will adjust because we've lost demand in that market and our system and our processes and our scheduling department will make those adjustments.  This is really a competitive question and I get the competitive question all the time about our growth. And I know it's complicated. People dont like the natural share answer, but it really is and it really is about geography and we're not the only ones getting our natural share. It's just that we start further behind and because we start further behind, we have more near term growth to make up until we get back to where we were seven, eight years ago relative to Delta and American.
David Vernon: And maybe just Andrew as a quick follow, I commend your confidence in putting a narrower guidance range out in 2020 than for 2018. Can you give us a sense for what are the assumptions around economic growth, oil price when you build that long term forecast, like what do you have to believe that you can't control to put those numbers, those $11, $12 numbers in play.
Andrew Levy: And I think what you might have been asking is I think is kind of whats your 2019 number? Is this the hockey stick, because you talked about the cadence I guess. I think that, I t think we gave you a fuel number or you'll see a fuel number in there. Its $2.11. It uses the forward curve. It is slightly backwardated. So we get some benefits in 19 and 20. As far as GDP, we haven't shared that. I will tell you that were not assuming anything out of the ordinary. I think it would be fair to say, so were not assuming a recessionary environment or acceleration of growth, but we're using forecasts from companies that weve hired to give us long term macroeconomic forecasts. So, and I'm not sure if there's another part to your question. But I mean those are some of the  CASM, we talked a little bit about that. I mean, weve tried to give you a sense as to what we're going to do in 18 and to get better in 19 and 20. I mean, it's not a 20-20, every year, we're going to do that. And you get to the number, so you can make the assumptions about RASM.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Might be a better question for the board, but I wanted to ask you about the incentives in these earnings targets, which are positive, but to the extent that those are actually tied to your incentive comp. So there were some important changes made last year, where it moved much more to a relative margin expansion. I think the waiting on ROIC and ROIC improvement actually went down. And if memory serves, it was a 2017, 2018 measurement period, which feels like this would be the payoff year. So the question is, do you see those formulas changing and are you explicitly going to link your compensation to these earning star gets that youve offered today?
Andrew Levy: Yeah. The relative aspect has always been part of it that will continue to be that way. These particular targets, obviously, we're just rolling them out are comfortable and will meet here in the next month or so on established targets going forward. So of course, they will be tied with. The only other changes I think we're seeing now is on the customer service angle, thats going to amplify those a little bit. And so, the board is still -- the company is still working through that. So I don't want to get ahead of them in what they're thinking. But relative margin is and will continue to be a big part of our long term incentive plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Not explicit earnings.
Andrew Levy: Again, I don't think so, because we haven't, but again the complement, you will have to work through that. I dont want to commit them.
Joe DeNardi: Joe DeNardi, Stifel. Scott, one of the areas of the business where you don't have to worry about competitive response is the credit card. Weve talked in the past, its about 1.5 margin headwind for you guys. What's the strategy for closing that?
Scott Kirby: So, look two things. First, I would quibble with the start because it is competitive. And Houston where the natural player if you're Houston, Denver to have the credit card, but in the rest of the country and there is a bunch of markets that are jump balls. If you're in Kansas, if you're in any of the cities that aren't hubs, it's a jump ball and the kind of people that get frequent -- get the credit -- airline credit cards are the kind of people that travel and need to fly.  And they have a -- not -- just like a Houston based customer is naturally biased to have the United Airlines credit card, a Kansas City or Wilmington, North Carolina customer as a natural bias to have the credit card of the airline that is biggest in that city, because that gives them the most optionality for flying. And so it is a competitive issue. It's not just about our RASM. We underperform and we would expect us to underperform in places that arent our hubs, because if we're number three, it's harder to get, it's harder for our customer to have the rationale to [indiscernible]. So competitive position matters, not just for the hub scale and passenger revenue, but it matters for the credit card. The second issue that we do have is, I think, in spite of that, we have a real opportunity to grow the number of customers that are signing up for a card. It is one of our big initiatives. We didnt talk about today. It is one of the things that Andrew and his team are working really hard on. I am too. And look, Andrew Nocella and I  weve said a bunch of times today, we're not reinventing the oil. Weve both been involved at our two previous airline and step function increases in the card revenues at those airlines and it's not exactly the same situation, its not exactly the same playbook here, but we do have a good partner in Chase and Jamie Baker just ensured me he is going to help me get this done and, but we have a very partner.  But we've got to work through it and we're two big companies and I wish it was happening faster, but we are working with them to drive particularly higher originations and higher card signups for us with Chase and we have some ways that we have some cards in our hand to help make that happen. It really is twofold. We can do a better job with our existing relationship and if we're small in all these small cities, we're behind the eight ball in trying to get people to sign up for our card.
Michael Leskinen: I've been reminded that we have a cocktail event. So I know there are a lot of questions and all of our executives are going to stay in the room for the next hour plus for questions. So well cut it here.
Scott Kirby: Thank you.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO Andrew Nocella - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Julie Stewart - MD, IR
Analysts: Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Susan Donofrio - Macquarie Capital Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Joseph DeNardi - Stifel Nicolaus Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Darryl Genovesi - UBS Kevin Crissey - Citi Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Andrew Didora - Bank of America Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Michael Sasso - Bloomberg Ted Reed - The Street
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2017. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Julie Stewart, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Julie.
Julie Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and a separate investor update. Additionally this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our web site at ir.united.com.  Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our web site. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. In addition, we have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart, and Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella in the room to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie. Good morning everyone. Thank you as always for joining us. Yesterday, we reported pre-tax earnings of $1 billion with a pre-tax margin of 10.4%, excluding special charges, as you can see on slide 4. Our earnings per share was $2.22 excluding those special charges. In the third quarter, we repurchased $556 million of stock at an average price of $67 per share, bringing our year-to-date repurchases to about $1.3 billion. Andrew Levy will provide a little more details of the financial results here shortly. In the quarter, we certainly faced a number of challenges, including a series of historic storms and natural disasters, coinciding with the usual busy summer travel season. I have to shout out to our employees, they all impressively overcame these challenges, delivering record setting operational performance. Not only did our employees manage to keep our operations moving through these three devastating storms, they really banded together to help one another and take part in one of the largest relief and recovery efforts in United history. So I want to thank all of them, for demonstrating the level of energy and teamwork and morale, that embodies the shared purpose that we have at United. As you know, a big driver of this new spirit at United is what we term an energized culture and really increased employee engagement around all areas, but evidenced specifically by this year's operational performance, which has been just simply outstanding. This can also be seen on how our employees are prioritizing and elevating the customer experience, and I want to highlight a few of those on slide 5 that are gaining traction. We continue to improve our mobile tool, such as in the moment care, the app that allows our employees to more quickly and effectively solve customer interruptions, such as the ones faced this quarter from the severe weather. Also to proactively address travel disruptions, we put together a team, dedicated to providing creative solutions to ensure customers reach their final destinations. They are available to all stations worldwide, 24/6, 365 days a year. Now evidence of progress on our customer service can be seen at the dramatic decline in the third quarter of our involuntary denied boarding or IDBs, which are down 92% over last year, and we also had a remarkable 28 days this quarter with zero IDBs. And for context prior to this year, United didn't have a single day with zero IDBs. Now if you look at the business more broadly, we do feel good about over accomplishing at United, but we also know that we have a long journey and a lot of hard work ahead of us to realize our potential. The third quarter was a challenging environment, probably due to macro events such as the storms I mentioned, as well as things like geopolitical tensions, causing softer demand out of Guam, but we have also made a strategic decision to compete aggressively with ultra low cost carriers, which is essential to the long term health of our business. So today -- earlier, we promised the investment community an update on our 2016 Investor Day initiatives, Scott will do that in a moment. At a high level, our Investor Day initiatives are on track, with the exception of segmentation, where incremental contribution was temporarily offset by broad competitive issues. And also, new issues have arisen this year, and our goal is to produce meaningful, absolute and relative margin improvement, that is something that remains steadfast in our focus. And as we continue on this journey, it's critical for us ensuring that we properly prepare for and mitigate the headwinds that we cannot control, which are often many, correct through the ones we can control and we have to be able to distinguish between both of those. And so, we know we can control how we implement our initiatives like basic economy. We know we can control how we control our new revenue management system, and we certainly have control over the pricing mix that we are doing right now with ULCC. And that is what we are doing. In addition, we are taking a very-very rigorous approach to reviewing our costs, as we look forward into 2018 beyond our planning process. So that's the general update of our quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Scott for some more details.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I am going to take a slightly different approach this quarter. We will start by providing the traditional brief revenue update and spend some time, talking about how the business has evolved over the last year. Turning to the revenue environment, our PRASM was 3.7 points lower year-over-year, and this included about a point of storm impact. Domestic unit revenues were weaker than our initial expectations due to the storms. More aggressive ULCC pricing in our hub markets, and temporary share loss during our initial basic economy roll out. PRASM performance in the Atlantic and Latin regions was in line with our expectations. The Pacific was a lot weaker than we initially expected and declined more than 10%, due to softer demand in China, Hong Kong and Guam. And while Guam is only around 1.5% of our ASOs, demand to Guam has seen a very sharp decline, and we are scaling back service between Guam and the markets in Asia. Looking forward, we anticipate fourth quarter PRASM to be down 1% to 3%. We expect October and November to be close to flat, which obviously implies a large forecast PRASM decline for December. For what it's worth and in some of the analyst reports, that doesn't imply that December will be down exactly minus 6, we'd say close to flat in October and November, doesn't mean it's exactly zero, and the midpoint of our guidance minus 2. There is a lot of rounding in all of those numbers. However, our forecast for December really is driven by the calendar, and in fact, the Christmas outbound starts a lot later this year. A lot of schools, including my own kid, don't get out until December 22nd. That means two things, first, the off peak period between thanksgiving and Christmas, which is the lowest RASM period of the year, that extended by a week. And second, much of the holiday return is pushed into January. So a lot of uncertainty around our December forecast, but our forecast PRASM decline really isn't about anything systemic, it's just the vagaries of the calendar. Now I'd take a step back and look at 2017, which has been a difficult year for United. We started the year focused on several key areas, improving the operations, which includes improving the culture for our employees and customers, rebuilding our network in a profit maximizing way, and executing on our Investor Day initiatives, as we work towards our goal of improving absolute and relevant margins. Turning to slide 9, our operations team continues to do a truly phenomenal job. This quarter was a great example and despite experiencing some devastating storms, our team and all the employees of United were able to rally together, keep the operation moving and deliver top tier operational performance. As challenging as the recovery efforts were, we continue to set new company records in the operation. We managed to set the best ever third quarter consolidated departures within zero, with the month of September having the best ever month in a consolidated D0. We also set a record for the best ever Star D0, which is the first flight to depart beginning of the day, and they set the stage for success throughout the day. Following second quarter's industry leading departure performance, third quarter D0 was second best in the industry among our peers. This type of operational performance is really outstanding, particularly given the four day closure at our Houston Hub. We have the lowest rate of consolidated airport operations and flight operations delays ever. These records show how committed we are to making United the best in class airline and how resilient our operation has become. A big driver of our operational improvement is the energized culture and increased employee engagement that Oscar talked about earlier. Operational performance is evidence that our employees are prioritizing, elevating the customer experience. On the network, we put some key faces -- some new faces and few leadership positions, and are really just getting started on our network improvement. Consistent with what we outlined this Investor Day, our top priority in the network is to strengthen our hub. We started over the summer by improving the competitiveness of our product and schedule, in October, later this month, we will re-bank Houston Hub, and in 2018 we expect to re-bank Chicago and Denver. Lastly, on Investor Day, all our initiatives are duly performing as expected, with the exception of segmentation, due to temporary competitive headwinds from the basic economy rollout. Our basic economy roll-out will dwell operationally, but from a revenue perspective, it started out right. Now that we are competing with similar projects from our large competitors, we are hopeful, segmentation will start to contribute, as we originally thought it would. We are in the early stages of our revenue management improvements, and we are encouraged by the initial results. We continue to optimize our yield management posture in our new system, which is called Gemini, is rolling out to plan. Initial results in test markets are encouraging, showing large improvements in forecast accuracy and a 1% projected improvement in RASM. Internally, we have a lot of work left to do on the yield management system, but I am really proud of the team, and look forward to doing a full deployment in 2018. Despite the momentum in these initiatives, as you can see in our results, they have been offset. Higher costs from labor and fuel, combined with revenue headwinds in the second half of the year, more than offset the value of our initiatives in 2017. Some of those headwinds we have talked about, include ULCT pricing, which is a strategic decision that we know is the right long term decision for United, as well as exogenous events like an unprecedented series of storms, softer demand in China, Hong Kong and tensions around Guam. In summary, we feel really good about things in our control. Many of our initiatives are long-tailed and we are headed in the right direction. As Andrew will mention shortly, we are also taking a very hard look at our cost base, which is an important driver of our ability to improve margins going forward. Turning around the operation, driving cultural change and improving our networking product and improving the customer experience, are all things that are important to our ability to build a great airline. While there have been some bumps in the road in 2017, we are on our path to achieve our financial goal, and we will work to navigate through unforeseen challenges along the way. I will turn it over to Andrew now for the financial results.
Andrew Levy: Thanks Scott. Yesterday afternoon, we released our third quarter 2017 earnings and our fourth quarter investor update. I will discuss both our results and outlook at a high level, and please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 12 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 13, shows our non-GAAP results. We reported earnings per share of $2.22, excluding special charges and pre-tax income of $1 billion, which represented a 10.4% pre-tax margin excluding special charges. Turning to slide 15, non-fuel unit costs increased 2.6% on a year-over-year basis, which was at the better end of our September 6 updated guidance, mostly due to the timing of certain maintenance events that will appear in the fourth quarter. We expect fourth quarter non-fuel CASM mix to be higher year-over-year by 2.5% to 3.5%, which brings projected full year 2017 non-fuel CASM mix to the high end of our prior guidance of between 2.5% to 3.5%. There are four principal drivers that have changed, since we issued that range. First is Harvey, where we continue to incur many costs including some additional costs, extraordinary costs, despite lost ASMs. Second is at our maintenance operation, where we experienced more high cost maintenance visits than we had forecast earlier this year. Third, is higher depreciation and amortization expense, which is mostly driven by changes made to our depreciable life assumptions for our fleet, to ensure consistency across some fleets, and changes to salvage values. It is also higher, because we continue to purchase aircraft off-lease, which has driven higher D&A expense, with the future offset in rent savings. Lastly, we had additional expense associated with new regional flying that started in September. While this additional 50 seat flying comes with additional ASM expense, it does enable us to execute our strategy of increasing [indiscernible] flying to smaller cities, from places like Chicago. We understand how critical cost control is to 2018 and the team is doing a ton of work to identify opportunities to improve cost performance, as part of the budgeting process. These range from flying the network in more cost efficient ways to reevaluating why we spend money in certain areas that have always been that way. At the same time, we know there are some headwinds in 2018. While we don't have the same pressure from new labor contracts that we had in 2016 and 2017, we do face some headwinds, such as a higher mix of 50 seat flying, rising medical and dental costs, higher pension expense and rising airport rates and charges, all of which we are working to overcome. Turning to slide 16, we ended the third quarter with $6.3 billion of unrestricted liquidity, which includes our $2 billion of untapped revolver. We are comfortable in excess of our stated liquidity target range of $5 billion to $6 billion and our balance sheet remains strong. During the quarter, we raised $400 million of unsecured debt, at an interest rate of 4.25%. We also contributed $160 million to our pension plans and that brings us to our expected contribution of $400 million for full year 2017. Turning to slide 17; during the quarter, we repurchased $556 million of our shares at an average price of just over $67, bringing our year-to-date repurchases through the third quarter of 2017 to $1.3 billion. Cumulatively, since we began repurchasing shares in the third quarter of 2014, we have invested $5.4 billion to buy back our stock, retiring 26% of our shares outstanding. As of the end of the quarter, we have $553 million remaining of repurchase authority. For 2017, we continue to expect adjusted capital expenditures to be between $4.6 billion and $4.8 billion. As we announced in early September, during the quarter, we finalized negotiations for our A350 order. We are pleased to have reached a great outcome for United-Airbus and [indiscernible]. There are three key changes; first, on timing. We have deferred deliveries by four years to begin in late 2022, and they will continue through 2027. Second, we will take the A350-900 instead of the larger A350-1000 variant. Third, we added 10 aircraft for a total order size of 45 aircraft. The delivery timing, model type and order size are all a better fit for our future wide body fleet needs, that allow these aircraft to have used for either growth or for a potential replacement for 777-200ER aircraft, as this subfleet will begin to approach retirement age, around the same time you start taking delivery of the A350s. Finally during the quarter, we finalized agreements to take two additional A320s in 2017 sourced from the used market. Slide 18 is a summary of our current guidance, including fourth quarter's projected fuel price range, using the October 12 curve. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs imply a fourth quarter pre-tax margin between 3% and 5%. Looking forward, cost control is an integral component of our path to margin improvement, and as I mentioned earlier, we are in the middle of our 2018 budgeting process and taking a very rigorous approach to stem future cost inflation. With that, I will turn it back to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you. I just want to thank once again to our employees, our customers, and certainly our investors. I think as Scott mentioned, there have been some bumps in the road in 2017, but we are on a path to achieve our financial goals, and we will work hard to navigate through any unforeseen challenges that come along the way. But at the end of the day, we are excited about our path forward, and just try to reward all of you along the way. So with that, let me turn it over to Julie and we are happy to take your questions.
Julie Stewart: Thank you, Oscar. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question, and if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And from Buckingham, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks. Scott, I guess the first question really is for you. There is a lot of noise in the revenue trend for the third and fourth quarter, which makes it a little hard to think about core underlying revenue trends. And so, if we just go back and strip out acts of mother nature and other idiosyncratic stuff, how are you thinking about the true core steady state revenue trends sequentially? Are they getting better, worse or going sideways?
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, I agree. Dan, it's really hard to strip out. There is so much that happened in third quarter this year, with the stuff that's happening in the fourth quarter this year, and stuff that happened last year in H1. So I think that the core trends are largely the same. The third quarter wasn't as bad as it appeared, is mostly what that means, and as you go into the fourth quarter, it's more representative of what the real demand trend is. The one thing that I think is improving, at least for United in particular, is we had in late of July, a huge change in the pricing philosophy at one of our ultra low-cost carrier competitors, that was a big shock to the system. Where walk-up fares wound up going down over the course of a week or two by 80% or 90%, and that takes little time to adjust to. While fares remain at those levels, we are better at managing in that environment, I think today, and will be in the fourth quarter than we were before. But if you sort through all the bad stuff that happened; I think, that the fourth quarter is a little bit better than the third quarter, even on core underlying trends. Mostly due to the changes we have made in being able to manage better, and the pricing that has remained consistent with the ULCC, and there is also less industry capacity in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, particularly as Southwest is growing less.
Dan McKenzie: I see. Thanks for that. And I guess, if I can go back to the ultra low cost carrier pricing just for a second; I know, at the time of our last earnings call, that was impacting 3% of our revenue. And I think that that stepped up and impacted a bigger percent in the quarter. How has that progressed? Is it still affecting a larger portion of the revenue base than it was at the time of our last earnings call, or how is that -- as we think about that heading into 2018?
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, it is. At the last United earnings call, we didn't -- I don't think we talked about Spirit, at least at all, and really didn't think much of it. But of course, the day after their earnings call, fare has been down dramatically, and it continues to go down dramatically. And so it did spread. It has kind of been constant I would say, for the last six to eight weeks, where fares got down to -- walk-up fares as low as $10 and that $10 including the online convenience fee or whatever they call those fees, which are lower than ever seen, and including the time that we were engaged in stuff like this, like my prior employer. But they have been -- they haven't gone up, but they haven't gone down. If you want to get down to $10 at the walk-up fare, there is not much room to go down, particularly when that fare started at $170 two months ago. So really not much change. There is a higher percentage of markets that are involved in the really low fares. The percentage build out 17% of our revenue that comes from markets where ULCCs fly, but the amount that is exposed to this kind of pricing -- that's of the domestic system by the way. But the amount that's exposed to this pricing is obviously less than that, it's 100% right now.
Dan McKenzie: Okay, thank you. Appreciate that.
Operator: From Macquarie Capital, we have Susan Donofrio. Please go ahead.
Susan Donofrio: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted a follow-up on Dan's question, and that is, you talked a little bit about better managing against ULCC pricing. I am just wondering, is that because you are getting more comfortable with some of your new pricing levers, to as far as fine tuning basic economy, and also, your new yield management system? I mean, how can we kind of think about that? Because I am looking at markets, and it definitely looks like you are not as widespread with respect to some of the pricing initiatives?
Oscar Munoz: Yeah. There is a whole bunch of things, Susan, that are going on. One, basic economy is a great tool and we have been experimenting with the difference of price between basic economy and standard economy. It's not really the new yield management system yet, but it will be, and we have got some really cool stuff going on that we are experimenting with, that will roll into the new yield management system, that can be particularly targeted in these markets. One of the big things that changed is, for us, in this environment is, actually the impact on flow traffic. And so as the fares go down like this, we are selling a lot more local demand on some of these flights, and what happens is, we wind up spilling off connecting revenues. And that takes a little time to adjust to. What we do essentially is, we are going to be selling more seats in the local market, will continue and that maintains that competitive posture in the head-to-head local competitive markets. But we continued our yield management posture on the connecting flows, because essentially we have now fewer seats to sell in some of those connecting flows. But there is improvement in the local market with the connecting markets or places we can improve as well. And we have far more data today than we would have had a few years ago, to help us manage this and we also have, as you mentioned, the tools, basic economy, that's a real help. That in the very short term of things, when fares go down by 90% over the course of two weeks, that takes a little time to adjust it, but we are getting a lot more adjusted, as we go forward.
Susan Donofrio: Okay, great. Well thank you.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning everybody. Scott, a question in the hypothetical, if you are given the chance to renegotiate one contract from scratch, but you were given a choice between the current Chase credit card agreement in the existing alliance contract with Air Canada and Lufthansa. Which would you pick? I am just thinking longer term, which of these two, unless you think there is a third more material option, might afford the greatest amount of potential margin upside, that sort of thing?
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, you are trying to box me out. So I will say there is opportunities on both. In dollar value, the larger opportunity, and it's not necessarily renegotiation, but the larger opportunity is absolutely with our credit card partner, Chase. And we are working on that. This is my and Andrew Nocella's third or fourth time through one of these, and also on the people on the Chase side, not their first time going through something like this with a partner. We had great success in the past, getting to win-win situations with our bank partners, and I believe and hope that we will get there with Chase. On both sides, we are seeing all the right things. We are big organizations that don't move -- both big organizations that don't move overnight. That has been true everywhere else that I have been as well. And I think that we will get to, ultimately, a much better result. And it is certainly -- it's a great partnership, but it is a disadvantage, as we sit here today compared to our competitors, and one that has a lot of opportunity. We also have opportunity on the Alliance front, and it's not so much about renegotiation of JVs, it's about realizing the potential of the JVs and on that front, all of our partners are engaged and anxious, and we are making real progress, both in South America and across the Atlantic in particular. We today are getting better results in those geographies than we otherwise would, even though we haven't done a new deal, just because we are working much closer together, and we are [indiscernible] to the line and feel good on both of those fronts that we are going to have improvements. The credit card deal is obviously bigger.
Jamie Baker: Got it. And the second question, on the topic of 'natural share.' Is it possible to quantify the progress that you have made or that you expect to make by, I don't know, call it summer of next year. Are you going to be half way there, 10%, 90%? And also, does re-banking help contribute to natural share in your model, or is achieving natural share strictly exercising growth? Obviously, I am trying to back in to when your capacity might moderate back to something closer to the industry average?
Scott Kirby: So I am not going to be able to give you an answer today on what the ultimate end-game on capacity is. But re-banking does help with natural share -- when we talk about natural share. It means, not just our share at our hub, it actually frankly means more our share and all of the non-hub cities around the country, so at Des Moines or wherever. And winning your share in Des Moines is not about carrying people from Des Moines to Chicago, it's about carrying people from Des Moines to the world. And what we have, a less efficient hub structure in Chicago, when we fly those people to Des Moines and we miss 10 or 15 connecting markets, then we lose out on share in a place like Des Moines, that would just be natural if we had a hub structure that worked better. So some of what we are doing to regain that -- a huge part of what we are going to regain natural share, is re-banking the hubs and driving higher levels of connectivity, which will increase your share at a market like Des Moines, without having to increase capacity.
Jamie Baker: Makes sense. Thanks a lot Scott, appreciate it.
Scott Kirby: Yes
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Yeah, thank you. So Scott, the 4Q guidance implies full year operating margin of about 9.5% if you adjust for the weather in 3Q. By my math, about 3.5 points to that is from selling miles to chase, so why shouldn't I be worried that at 3% GDP and $50, the core airline business is only earning at a 6% EBIT margin. Does that type of return require different strategy than what you are pursuing right now?
Scott Kirby: Well, one, you can't divorce those two things from each other.
Joseph DeNardi: Well, to be fair Scott, last quarter, when you said that you are -- you have about 0.5% margin gap versus American because of your deal?
Scott Kirby: Well, I am saying you can't divorce those two things from each other, because one of the disadvantages that we have and that Chase has, is that if you are living in Des Moines, Iowa, and you are picking a credit card, and we are the number three player in Des Moines, Iowa, you are more likely to pick one of the other two. And that is not incumbent just on a Chase fix, but on us to help address. So part of winning back natural share is not just about the core airline business, it is also about improving credit card business. And I think of those two as fundamentally tied together. It is true that a big part of our earnings, and I am not agreeing necessarily with your numbers. But a big part of our earnings comes from selling miles. But that is a core part of the business, and you can't say strip that out, and then watch your growth fee at the airline. That said, we do think that there is opportunity to improve that part of the business, and it's one of the big areas that we are focused on. We can't do a -- well there are some things that we can do unilaterally. But we are working with our partners, but Chase is by far the biggest, and working with them to get results that look like our competitors. And I think both of us agree, actually both United Airlines and Chase believe that we can do that and that we can get to a world that's good for Chase and good for United Airlines that generates the same kind of results and we are marching towards that. It will not happen overnight, but we are moving in that direction, and I think we will eventually get there.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Andrew, it looks like you guys recently made some changes to mileage plus award valuations, you had increased the price on some saver awards, added a fee to cancel. It seems like those decisions benefit the airline business, because the miles flow through at a better rate, but they effectively devalue the currency for consumers. So how far can you push that, before people stop signing up for the card, and why shouldn't I be worried that, unless your disclosures improve and the transparency gets better, the marketing company won't continue to subsidize the airlines?
Andrew Levy: We have made some changes. We have gone through a dynamic type of pricing environment. But we have been really careful on how we do that, to make sure that our customers still see a great value. And I don't think that has changed here. There were a few price points that went up. But there are not many price points that are actually lower, as they reflect the true availability on particular flights. So I don't think what we did over the last two weeks is going to change the dynamics at all.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Oh yeah. Hey everyone, good morning. Just I guess, two quick ones here. Andrew, you talked about pension expense being a headwind in 2018. How does the expense in 2018 at this point, how does that compare to 2017 and then how does the expense compare to what your anticipated contribution will be in 2018? Do you have a sense on that?
Andrew Levy: Yeah Mike, it's about $70 million of inflation that we are expecting at this point in time. Some of that is based on a forecasted discount rate, which we can only forecast at this point or actuaries can only forecast. That will get kind of locked down at the end of the year. So at the moment, a little over half of that is due to forecasted lower discount rate applied, and the balance would be lower mortality and expenses associated with that.
Michael Linenberg: And then just the contribution, I guess it was what, $400 million this year. For next year, what should we expect?
Andrew Levy: Mike, historically, we are kind of hesitant to give anything on 2018 just yet. But we will certainly talk about $400 million a year, and at this point, I don't see any reason to expect that number will be much different next year. It will depend on a number of factors. I think it's safe to assume, it will be similar to what we did this year.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just to Scott, the PRASM forecast for the fourth quarter. How much of it is FX? Is there an FX boost in there that we should see?
Scott Kirby: It's pretty small, a quarter -- about 25 basis points of tailwind.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. Thanks Scott.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Thanks. Good morning. I think I have two questions for Oscar. Oscar, if we put aside any relative comparisons to your competitors, for your margins to go up next year, with current fuel, your RASM has to be something like 40 or 50 basis points better than your CASM ex-fuel. So I am asking you now, will that happen? And if you want to put that -- answer a different question, would you say United is a RASM or CASM story in 2018, and I would encourage you not to say both?
Oscar Munoz: Well I appreciate the encouragement Hunter. I think we are a margin company, as we happen for -- I think focused on that for quite some time. You know, I think it is a good opportunity for us to just discuss the broad advancements that we made as a company, with a strategy and a management team and a focus that, I think, holds for a very bright future. I think the interim periods are difficult to discuss, because we are making investments. We are -- I think the way I said it earlier is, we have dug ourselves historically in a little bit of a competitive hole as a company. And in order to get ourselves out of it, we have to do something a little bit extraordinary than others. And so, that's what we are focused on. We are focused on doing that, but at the same time, from a long term perspective, on margin capability. So as we head into 2018, one of the reasons we are not talking too much about it, we are deep, deep at work with regards to that. How do we get the kind of growth that has good margin, and how do we get into the bowels [ph] of our cost structure and ensure that we make that. And so it is about the net margin number. And so it's a difficult period for us, as we work through all this information. This team has only been in place really for a year, and we are just getting our mojo working. And again, I think Scott said it from -- with regards to our initiatives are long tailed, and what you see, vis--vis our competitors, is that they have been together as a team and with their focus and their initiatives for quite some time, and they are beginning to see the benefits of that. We just have a little bit more work to do, and we will continue to ask for a little bit more patience. But there is no change with regards to where we think our relative and absolute margin improvement need to be, to compete in this industry.
Hunter Keay: Okay. All right. But I think people are really trying to buy into this story, because they believe there is a CASM story here, at least I was. And the excess capacity growth has not translated in a better CASM ex, despite the fact that your ops are better. Higher completion factor drove a lot of the CASMB or the ASMB. And yes there were some onetime items in 1Q, I get that. But how can we have any confidence in the 2018 CASM ex story, particularly given the headwind that you guys went out of your way to lay out on this call? So can you at least may be bracket in like a high end of CASM ex for us, so we have some sense how to think about you guys in this next year?
Oscar Munoz: Not today. And trust me, we are not telling you because we don't want to; we are, as Andrew Levy talked about, deep in the middle of this stuff. In fact, I just saw the thick book that was on Scott's desk that I went through briefly yesterday, we are taking a very different approach that Andrew Levy has taken us through, with regards to some of this. And again, we need to ensure that we [indiscernible] through the detail before we probably can tell you anything at this point. So let us keep working through this, I just need a little bit more time. We have always been about proof, not promise, and so right now, it's going to look a little more promising and the proof will come, as we get more into the details of this.
Hunter Keay: Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen and Company we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks operator. I appreciate the time. Hi guys. So here is my two questions; one is, I think, relatively easy question. When you think about Scott, the ultra low cost carriers that you are competing against, are you just talking about domestic or are you including international in there, so that if you look at like Newark-Athens as an example, I think Emirates is in there, and they would be considered a low fare airline, maybe not low cost. So can you parse out what the impact of something like that would be on your business?
Scott Kirby: So we have the same approach to all competitors, low cost or not. Emirates is a unique example, we feel really good about our ability to compete with ultra low cost carriers domestically or with the ex-Air Berlin or Norwegian or anyone like that, that has a -- that is not subsidized by the government. Emirates is a completely different story, because they are subsidized by their government. And we can compete, and think we can compete effectively and win against anyone, but we can't compete against governments. So our best approach to competition is the same everywhere we fly, but you have brought up a unique example of a subsidized carrier, that is unfair competition.
Helane Becker: But is it -- aren't China Easter and China Southern subsidized as well?
Scott Kirby: I don't know. It's really not the same extent, and certainly they are not allowed to do things like fly from Newark to Athens.
Helane Becker: Okay, fair enough. Okay, that's great. Okay, I think that was it. One question, one follow-up. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Helane.
Operator: And from UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi guys. Thanks for the time. Scott, when you rolled out basic economy, you would have been forced to choose some spreads between how you price basic economy and how you price your regular economy product. I would imagine that early on, that spread is somewhat of a guess, and as you gain more experience with this, I mean, I guess, would you expect to be revenue managing that spread over time, and could you envision a scenario where it's much different than it is today?
Scott Kirby: Yes, is the short answer, and we are already doing that in a number of markets. So we do think that there is an opportunity there, and we are experimenting with that, as we sit here today.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. And then I guess on some of your longer term initiatives, I think you said the only one that was behind, was the segmentation initiative. I guess, if I looked at the chart that you showed in November, I think you showed about an incremental $1.4 billion from these initiatives ticking in next year. Should we be thinking of that number as still largely representative of your view of how these initiatives sort of play out altogether in total?
Scott Kirby: Well, we are trying to get away from being quite that prescriptive. But we do think that we are largely on track with the exception of segmentation, that we are largely on track with those initiatives. It's also important I think to point out that, the Investor Day initiatives, while we felt we went out of our way to say that these are -- versus what would have happened, had we not done them, but that they were not absolute increases compared to the prior year numbers. A lot of people interpreted that in a different way. And what that means is, there are other things that could be headwinds or at least, it could be tailwinds. This year we have more headwinds, things like Asia. I am hopeful that Asia next year, will actually be a tailwind, because those kinds of geography driven issues ebb and flow around the world. But we do believe that we are -- basically, with the exception of segmentation on track or everything that we talked about, timing maybe a little earlier or a little later on different ones, we had some of that this year, although they are largely balanced out, with the exception of segmentation. But we think that we are on track for these initiatives.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. I think that's an interesting perspective about what you just said about, people sort of taking these to meet -- to be something absolute versus something incremental, what you otherwise would have done. If I look at the 2018 consensus, earnings before tax number, it's about $3.1 billion, which is actually below the $3.2 billion that you have in this presentation from initiatives, which you would imply that the three kind of things that you would be breakeven or even at operating at a modest loss, without these initiatives?
Scott Kirby: Yeah. You got a bunch of numbers that are kind of apples or oranges that we neither endorse nor don't endorse. So yeah, you did the analysis, but I am not sure I'd agree with the conclusion, because I am not sure I agree with all the input numbers.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Citi, we have Kevin Crissey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Hey, thank you for the time. I am going to follow-up on Darryl's because that was essentially the question I was going to go with. If we are not going to use those specific numbers, and I understood. I think we tried to understand at the time that those numbers were relative to what you would have otherwise done. And I think Darryl's point is fair, that given the results and being on track mostly, it implies that the company was going to have some tough times, were it not for these initiatives. What I am hoping to do is, maybe give you guys an opportunity to tell us, reframe this in a different way. Coming and saying we are on track for these initiatives, but don't mind these numbers, doesn't feel right. It feels like you need to like reset expectations, whether it'd be not giving specific numbers for individual initiatives, or somehow saying, resetting a bar here for these initiatives; because I don't think those numbers mean very much to anyone anymore, they seem very optimistic, and there must have been some significant headwinds that we were unaware of. So maybe I am hoping for you to give us an opportunity to come up with more specific reason, how are these initiatives going to play out? You got the gist of my question I guess?
Scott Kirby: I am not sure I actually do understand the questions, but it sounds like you want to give a new set of numbers that you believe?
Kevin Crissey: Well yeah, I mean, those numbers are -- [indiscernible], it's like $1.4 billion between 2017 and 2018, and we will back out segmentation entirely and call it $1 billion. I don't know what $1 billion headwind year-over-year should be there, that we shouldn't be able to attack those on. So if you are on track with these initiatives, why aren't we adding $1 billion? And I don't think that's the right number. So therefore, these numbers are not terribly useful. So what I am looking for is kind of more useful numbers.
Scott Kirby: Okay. Look, we are not going to redo the Investor Day numbers on this call today. As I think through what the Investor Day initiatives are, the network initiatives, we feel good about; we are going to redo Houston Banking, a lot of this is about the re-banking structures, we are doing Houston on October 29. Chicago and Denver are going to be a little bit later than we originally planned, just as we work through all the operational stuff on that. The fleeting is going to be a little bit different next year, because we just have changes in the fleet plans with 50 seaters. MileagePlus should go up, we had a hit this year from MileagePlus that was related in the old deal, we are paying back, essentially it's a loan. Not to classify it as a loan, but it was essentially a loan. We are paying back miles at a lower rate, that was pretty straightforward. Should happen. I talked about the revenue management stuff in my opening commentary, we feel pretty good about that, got it delivered, and there is a lot of water that still has to go under the bridge on that. We feel good about that one. And we are doing a lot of work on the cost stuff. I think that we will do well there. Headwinds remain, the overall macro environment that applies to everyone. The ULCC environment, and they are talking about some of the cost headwinds. We don't know for sure what the Pacific will do next year. But we kind of walk through each one of those. I am not sure the -- I don't have an exact number to update on today, but on those initiatives, we feel pretty good about, because they bring on those initiatives.
Oscar Munoz: And Kevin, this is Oscar, I think you raise a great point, and we understand it completely. And I think the conundrum is, how do we give you a sense of the results of these long tailed initiatives and provide you a little bit better transparency. And so, it's a good point. It is what we are in the middle of today, trying to understand -- not only understand, trying to better understand these issues and how they play out. Given all the things that have changed since we have given those things. So we need to package all that together, and that's what we are doing, as we put together our plan. But again, I just want to make sure, I understand your point completely as of the rest of the team, and thank you for that admonition. Appreciate it.
Kevin Crissey: Thanks. Maybe it's for Scott, can you talk about -- I know you are probably not going to give specific capacity guidance for 2018, but how do you think about it and the need to -- how do you think about capacity growth for 2018 overall?
Scott Kirby: Look, we are still going through it, and it's driven by a view of what's going to maximize our margin performance. And every day we are just trying to do that. And so we look at anything either additive or subtractive, it's about what the margin of RASM is going to be and what the margin of CASM is going to be.
Kevin Crissey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Scott, I might have missed this, did you talk about what you expect regional trends to be that's kind of embedded in the 4Q guidance?
Scott Kirby: We didn't talk about it, but we -- essentially, there are some onetime things that happened last year, that are going to cause our reported results to differ slightly from what I am going to say. But the core performance is going to be that, Domestic and Atlantic are our two best regions we think and do better. Pacific will probably have the largest improvement, despite the fact that Guam is terrible. For core Pacific, we are at least forecasting it's going to improve. And Latin will continue to be strong, but as it overlaps the recovery and the sharp improvements in RASM last year, on a year-over-year basis, we expect it to be less strong.
Savanthi Syth: Okay, got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And Andrew, if I might quickly ask you, I know you realized on -- your focus on liquidity targets, but could you share your thinking on, how you think about debt levels and the use of cash here?
Andrew Levy: Well, you know Savi, our view on the balance sheet is unchanged. We certainly like to see a higher rating of our debt. But we feel very comfortable with where we are. We have not decided to try for investment grade. We may decide one day, that that is something that's worth doing. But at the moment, we are very comfortable with our debt levels. We are able to raise capital at extremely attractive rates, and we are very comfortable with where we are in the balance sheet, which is taking into account, not just debt levels but also the liquidity and the active capital that we have.
Savanthi Syth: All right. Thank you.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi, good morning everyone. Scott, there is obviously a lot of seasonality in your business, but the pre-tax margins in 4Q and 1Q, that can -- significantly below 2Q and 3Q, yet much more so than some many other airlines out there. Is there anything you are doing or can do to help mitigate this? Has it been something in terms of how you focus new capacity or maybe even the re-banking of the hubs? Or anything that you are doing in order to kind of fix this seasonality?
Scott Kirby: Well we are going to have higher seasonality than the others. Driven by the fact that we are a more business oriented airline and we have less exposure to Florida and the Caribbean, which for the less exposure of Florida and the Caribbean, means that our first quarters are relatively weaker. Our seasonality is going to be higher. We are working on -- another thing that we do that's unique, our peaks are higher and our valleys are lower, and should we change those two variables to help with costs. That drives higher CASM at United. But it's easy to say that, and it's harder to go through all the analysis and some work to address it. But I do think over the coming years, you will see us with less variability in our seasonal scheduling, which should be a cost benefit. But we are in the early stages of figuring that out. But we will always have higher seasonality, because we have lower exposure to Florida and the Caribbean.
Andrew Didora: Understood. Look I know, in terms of 2018 CASM, you are obviously not prepared to talk about that right now. But just at Investor Day, you did speak about 2018 to 2020 unit cost CAGR of sub-1% on just 1.5% capacity. I would say, you grew much faster than this in 2018. But with the headwinds Andrew that you kind of outlined in your prepared remarks, do you think this CASM outlook that you provided last November is at risk right now?
Andrew Levy: So we are just not prepared to talk about 2018. Look, there is a lot that's happened, a lot of changes that have happened since we provided that forecast over a year ago. We are working through it right now, and it's not as simple as you grow more CASM-ex goes down. I mean, on an Excel spreadsheet it does, but there is a lot of inputs. Some of them have nothing to do with, whether you grow fast or not. I mentioned one of them, airport rates. When airport rental rates go up, it doesn't matter how much you fly, you just pay more, and there is a ton of other costs then, some of which do go down when you fly more. As you fly more with aircraft utilization, it drives down your membership cost on a PRASM basis. But there is a ton of inputs. We are going through all that, and we are just not ready to give detailed commentary on 2018 for costs. We are in the middle of our budget process, we are going at it in a very-very detailed way in trying to get to the best answer we can get to, that's going to maximize margin for United, and we will comment on that further when we are ready to.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar again; again I just -- and I know this won't help matters much, but I know everybody is getting scared about the fact that we are not going to give these numbers, because of some ominous reason. I cannot fully express to you, how much in the middle of things that we are. We historically have had a lot of talented people with a lot of experience in this industry, who know their relationships and how they are supposed to work, and we also have a very-very large company, with a lot of places that we are digging into. And so, let us do a little bit more of that work, and when we come out of it, we will be able to sort of provide you some better information around what we are thinking.
Operator: Okay. From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning everyone and thank you for taking my question. And look, I try not to be too critical on these things, but I have just heard a lot of conflicting comments today, so I do want to poise my question this way. So Oscar, you have been in the transportation business for quite some time now, you know a lot of the investors here probably more than a decade. And you know that, when you point out public statements about earnings improvement or efficiency targets, people are going to measure you against those. And so, when you put in your slide today, that Investor Day initiatives are generally performing as expected. But then we hear on the call, we don't really want to focus on those numbers. You guys are drawing the focus there and then saying, we shouldn't be focused on it. So I guess, I just want to focus on your comments that, you said on the call, I am focused on absolute and relative earnings performance. When I look at your absolute earnings, they are down more than your competitors. Your relative margin gap is widening, not narrowing, and more importantly for the investors on this call, the stock is now down, call it 20% to 25% versus the market this year. So from an investor perspective, what is it that happened this year, that we didn't anticipate at the Investor Day last year? We knew a lot of the labor costs are going to be here? And what is going to incrementally drive positive change for your shareholders, where we can start to address some of these absolute and relative gaps? And can you commit to driving higher margins in 2018, barring some sort of change in the macro?
Oscar Munoz: Hey Brandon. Again, the things that I have changed, I think we have noted and discussed, A. B, it's hard to prove to you how well some of our initiatives have worked. The fact that they are working, and the headwinds have been significant. The inconsistencies that I think you are picking up, are just a function of time and structure. We are in the middle of planning process. It is a quarter that we just had and a quarter that follows, and we are really getting to the bottom of all these things. So I wish I had more information to share with you at this point. We are committed to the things that we've said, the absolute relative margin growth. It's just in this interim period, we are having some difficulties explaining this to you clearly, and we get that. That is still a little bit more work, and as we get better clarity on the things that we are doing, we will do what's required to make sure that we regain the trust. But more importantly, beyond the communication and quarterly update, I think the execution of all these initiatives is something we have to continue to focus on. And so, I appreciate your concern and your pointed question and appreciate your sentiment. And we will just move forward.
Brandon Oglenski: Well if you don't mind, I just want to follow-up; because you did mention you are going to control what you can. And in your opening comments, I think you mentioned revenue management, your role of economy basic, mention of the fair structure of ULCCs. But notably absent from that -- and now listen, I live in an Excel spreadsheet, right? I don't run errands, I am not trying to say, I know better than you guys. But at a simplistic level, we see domestic revenue growing, let's call it 4% this year. You guys chose to grow your capacity, let's call it 5%. From our perspective, we'd say that's going to be dilutive growth. So why was not capacity part of that discussion of what you can control, and is that something you are looking towards in 2018, to maybe rethink it?
Oscar Munoz: It's not. We have dug ourselves in a hole, from a competitive perspective, and the team that we got in together here, is about regaining that competitive advantage, and we have that focus on margin, but at the end of the day, we feel that the moves we made in the marketplace are creating a more positive potential for revenue increases in the future. And so it is a focus of ours and it's one that we are committed to.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Analyst and Investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]. From Bloomberg, we have Michael Sasso. Please go ahead.
Michael Sasso: Hey, good morning. I will open and this is up to whoever wants to take it. I have been interested in the Polaris international cabin. There has been a lot of blog posts in the last few weeks, suggesting that you are delayed in your lounges. At least, there was some delay early on with seats. It has been really hard from my perspective to kind of assess how it's doing. I have not seen much guidance or input into whether it's helping you win over customers on these international routes. Can you just talk about one, how is it -- one, did you maybe announce this too early, there is some sense that maybe people are confused, why can't they see it? Should you have been a little -- been more restrictive or whatever in how you went about announcing this? And number two, just give us a sense, how is it doing? Is it winning over any customers?
Andrew Nocella: Sure, this is Andrew Nocella. The way I'd describe it is, first of all, whenever you change out -- see employers, there are many -- owner/suppliers that sees one of the -- for an airline the size of United, it takes a number of years. So the airline announced the new seat and has launched it, and by all of our measurements, where we are flying, it's doing very well. We are serving our customers all the time about the time about the cabin, comfort, their overall experience and all those things are going really well onboard our 777-300s and we just got our first 767 out there. We'd like it to go much faster, and we are looking at ways to do that all the time. But when there is hundreds of aircraft involved, it's just going to take a few years to roll out, and we are well on our way, at this point. But we also remember, there is many other components to Polaris. There is a new refined food offering, there is new amenities, blankets, and all of those things are available on all United Intercontinental flights, and are being well received by our customers. So we are well along the way. We'd like to go faster. But the feedback we have gotten in two days, I think has been fantastic, about the seat we have put on board and the changes we have made, and you will look for more and more of it over time, as we get more aircraft converted to include the seat, as well as all the other Polaris experiences.
Michael Sasso: And then, is there any -- how would we know, how it's doing? I mean, I guess it wouldn't be broken, I am sure it would be broken out and the results or whatever. But is there -- how could observers tell how it's doing financially, and if it's helping you financially?
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. We wouldn't release that type of individual data. And you are talking about, at this point, a small number of flights across the global system, it would be hard to -- even internally for United to estimate how one or two routes are doing, relative to the whole system. So that's something we wouldn't release. But look, we serve our customers all the time, and we are trying to understand what they like about the service, and we have made incredible headway. And our performance on those aircraft that have the Polaris seat as well as the overall Polaris experience is better than the experience on an aircraft that don't. So we know we are moving in the right direction.
Operator: From The Street, we have Ted Reed. Please go ahead.
Ted Reed: Thank you. I'd like to ask Scott a couple of questions about the ultra low cost carriers. Mainly, in the current quarter, are they doing anything different or are you going to do stuff differently? And also, I'd just like you to explain to me a little bit, the impact on connecting traffic?
Scott Kirby: So not much has changed in the last six to eight weeks in the ultra low cost carriers, and I don't know if things will change going forward. The impact on connecting traffic is, if we are flying between Chicago and Fort Lauderdale, and they are now lower fare. We carry more local traffic between Chicago and Fort Lauderdale. That means, we have fewer seats available to carry from Fort Lauderdale to Des Moines, actually, because we are more likely to be sold out in the local market, because we sold more seats in the local market. So that's how we have changed our yield management posture, with regard to connecting revenues, recognizing that essentially there are fewer seats available for connecting traffic than there were before.
Ted Reed: Thanks. And last thing, what are the hubs where they have the most impact?
Scott Kirby: We have probably the most flights in Chicago, it's number one for us.
Ted Reed: All right. Thank you, Scott.
Scott Kirby: Yes.
Julie Stewart: All right. Thank you all for joining the call today. Please contact media relations, if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-19 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Julie Stewart - Managing Director of IR Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO Greg Hart - EVP and COO Andrew Nocella - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Andrew Didora - Bank of America Darryl Genovesi - UBS Mike Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Kevin Crissey - Citi Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Joe DeNardi - Stifel Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Jack Atkins - Stephens Ted Reed - The Street Andrea Rumbaugh - Houston Chronicle Edward Russell - FlightGlobal
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2017. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Julie Stewart, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Julie.
Julie Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. In addition, we have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart, and Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now Id like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie and good morning. Welcome to a terrific second quarter, strong financial results and even more incredible operational results. And these developments that we've seen today and frankly, Ive seen over the past couple of quarters across the board are not only obviously the direct result of a lot of our great employees, but also the leadership in this room. And I think it is a direct result of the work we've done in so many areas to reengage the United family for both our customers and for our employees. And so as you think of our customers, I want to thank them for their continued loyalty and support. We continue to find new and better ways to service them and make them more comfortable on our airline. But were here about financials, so on the financial side, Im turning to Slide 4. Our earnings per share excluding special charges was 5.4% higher than last year at $2.75. We reported pretax earnings of $1.3 billion, with a pre-tax margin of 13.2%. Both of those of course are excluding special charges. Total revenue was 6.4% in the second quarter. This is the highest level of quarterly revenue that weve had since the fourth quarter of 2013. Also in this quarter, we repurchased $422 million of stock at an average price of $74 per share. Secondly, on the operational side, we finished this quarter as the Number One airline amongst our largest competitors in completion, on-time departures and on-time arrival. This is the first quarter Uniteds operation has finished Number One among our peers since the merger and we look forward to continuing to build on this momentum in the second half of the year. We've also made meaningful strides and are executing on ten changes we announced in April on the customer service area and so to better serve those customers and really empower our employees, and so the initial results are very encouraging, specifically around the issue of involuntary denied boarding. Since we put different things into inception back a couple of months ago, weve achieved almost 85% reduction in involuntary denied boarding. So that's a good metric that were monitoring across the board. And it's important to make the point that these changes amount to a lot more than just a policy shift. Really is more of a, you know, Im going to use the term paradigm shift in our culture and mindset of our employees and our management. So its about providing our people with tools, but also the imperative to solve problems kind of in the moment for our customers. And so we're excited about those developments and youll hear more coming from us soon. And during the quarter we also continued to execute on our strategic initiatives that we laid out at Investor Day last fall with a primary objective of improving our absolute and relative margin performance. We feel incredibly good that we're on the trajectory that we laid out at Investor Day and so its a solid path for us that were very excited about. So with that I'll turn it over Scott to discuss both ops and the revenue environment.
Scott Kirby: Thank you Oscar and thanks everyone for joining us today. I'm going to start by talking about our operation. With all the decks and slides that we've created in the past year, for those of us at the United team, this is probably our favorite. You can clearly see that in the second quarter, United ran the very best operation amongst our largest competitors. It was true across the board, with great departure performance, on-time arrivals, completion factor and mishandled baggage rate. We just couldnt be more proud and thankful to the United team for the incredibly reliable operation. And this improvement is coming from all parts of the company. It starts from getting blank to the gate, ready to fly on time and while we don't traditionally show you a lot of tech op statistics, our maintenance team is doing a great job with margin improvement in tech ops metrics that I recall seeing at any airline, anytime, anywhere during my career. At the airport, our agents and ramp team are turning airplanes and getting them out on time. You can see our industry leading departure performance, but dig a little deeper and youd find an almost 100% improvement in quick turn performance and many other metrics showing huge year-over-year improvement. Globally, our ramp team has set new records for mishandled bags in 22 of the last 24 months. And once our customers get on the airplane, our flight attendants are just doing an incredible job. In fact we get more positive feedback on flight attendants then we get feedback on anything else. Thats an amazing statistic and a testament to our great flight attendants. Our pilots are the day to day leaders of the airline on the front line and without that front line leadership none of this would be possible. And finally, our network operation center has the most difficult job in the industry given our hubs are located and the airports most likely to experience air traffic ground delay program and they do a phenomenal job quarterbacking the entire operation and quickly recovering after air traffic control or weather events. I know some of the investors on this call are really more interested in what Im going to talk about on revenue, intended to discount operational performance, but great operations are the foundation that a great financial airline is built on. First, over time we will win more customers by being the best operationally. And even in the short term, our CASM performance is much better when we run a good airline as evidenced this quarter by our strong CASM results. So thanks once again to the entire United team and to the operations and leadership led by Greg, who is here in the room with us today. Turning down to the revenue environment, demand was solid, we performed in line with our passenger unit revenue forecast during the quarter, despite softer than expected demand in the Pacific and despite higher year-over-year completion factor. Kudos also to the cargo team for a 22% increase in revenue in the quarter, with an assist to the operations because one of the keys to winning cargo business is running a good operation and delivering that cargo on time. Our consolidated PRASM was 2.1% higher year-over-year for the quarter, just above the midpoint of our guidance provided in April. All entities except the Pacific were PRASM positive in each month during the quarter. Domestic revenues were 2.4% year-over-year, a very solid result on 5.6% growth in ASMs. Atlantic performance of 3.3% was better than we forecasted, boosted by strong US point of sale and healthy front-cabin demand. Latin PRASM grew 7.8% year-over-year, driven by the timing of Easter and strength in Brazil, Caribbean, and Mexico beach markets, which more than offset weak performance in the Mexico business market. PRASM in the Pacific was weaker than we initially expected and declined 5.5% this year, worsening from the decline in the first quarter. This result was nearly 400 basis points worse than our initial expectations due to softer demand in China and Hong Kong. Looking forward, we anticipate third quarter consolidated PRASM to be about flat. Domestically, we expect PRASM to be also to be about flat given higher industry ASMs and shifts in holiday timing. The domestic market has absorbed our growth well and were pleased with the performance of our new summer flying from a revenue, operational, and financial perspective. The Atlantic PRASM is also expected to be flat as the demand pattern shifts to European point of sale in July and front-cabin demand is pressed by European vacations in July and August. So thats being somewhat offset by stronger Europe. The Pacific remains our most challenging region and probably the only region that weve seen an actual slowdown in demand. But we are hopeful that a reduction in industry capacity growth by the fourth quarter will help future PRASM results. United capacity growth slowed in the Pacific from 6% in the first half of the year to just under 1 in the second half of the year. Additionally, we expect that retiring our 747 fleet which were excited to do, but it will help the second half profitability in the Pacific. Latin PRASM remains a bright spot, but second quarter growth was likely the peak growth rate for PRASM during the year given the Easter tailwind in 2Q. As we get into the back half of the year, comps will start to get a little bit tougher as we lap the start of the Brazil recovery. Turning to Slide 8, our capacity outlook for the third quarter is up approximately 4%. As it was in the second quarter, we expect that growth to be biased towards higher domestic with an increase of 5.5% to 6.5%. Our full-year outlook for system capacity growth stayed the same at 2.5% to 3% and is consistent with our guidance from March 15. I think everyone probably knows this, but our capacity guidance is based on scheduled capacity. In the first half of the year, our ASM growth ended up higher than wed originally expected as a result of higher completion factor. We couldnt be happier to see that because it means running a really good operation is good for our customers and our investors. If this trend does continue in the second half, our full-year capacity growth will be towards the higher end of the range. On Slide 9, we are delivering on our promises from Investor Day, which includes executing on all of our strategic initiatives. In addition to the great progress weve made improving the operational integrity of the airline, weve rolled out basic economy fares across our mainland US domestic system and were pleased with the initial results and operational manifest that come from fewer - having fewer gate checked bags. We continue to optimize our pricing strategies related to basic economy and we remain confident in the $1 billion contribution from segmentation by 2020. This summer we added new margin accretive flying in 15 domestic markets and weve up gauged five domestic markets from regional to mainland. We're growing faster than any of our major competitors, something that hasn't happened here in a very long time. We're doing this by adding efficient margin accretive flying this summer, 75% of our growth is being driven by gate, with 25% coming from improved fleet utilization. United has unique network opportunities and we are capitalizing on them. Another example of this is our plan to remake several of our hubs, which further improves connectivity in our domestic network. Well start with our Houston hub this fall by taking our bank structure from ten to eight. We expect connectivity in this hub will increase dramatically with 50% more connection opportunities in the largest bay on the same number departures per day. In 2018, we also plan to rebate our Chicago and Denver hubs. Rebating our hub, up gauging the airline, improving utilization during peak period, and adding [indiscernible] already achieved that's why these are unique opportunities for United. On revenue management, we continue to optimize our yield management posture and well roll out the first phase of the Gemini yield management system in late August with a broad rollout in 2018 consistent with our Investor Day plan. Were off to a great start on making United the best airline in the world. It's working really well so far and were optimistic about our opportunity ahead and our ability to continue to improve absolute and relative margin performance. We run the best large airline operation in the nation in the quarter. And we continue to close the margin gap this quarter as weve been doing for the past several quarters. United team is truly doing an outstanding job. With that I'll turn it over to Andrew to review the financial results.
Andrew Levy: Thanks Scott. Yesterday afternoon we released our second quarter 2017 earnings and our third quarter investor update. I'll discuss both our results and outlook at a high level, but please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 11 is the summary of our GAAP financials and Slide 12 shows our non-GAAP results. Adjusted earnings per share increased 5.4% to $2.75 and we reported pretax income of $1.3 billion which represented 13.2% pretax margin excluding special charges.  Turning to Slide 14, nonfuel unit costs increased 3.1% on a year-over-year basis, which is better than our initial forecast of up 4% to 5% mostly due to improved operational performance, higher ASM growth, sustained cost reduction efforts and timing of certain expenses. We expect third quarter CASM x to be higher year-over-year by 2% to 3% and our projected full year 2017 CASM x increase remains unchanged between 2.5% and 3.5%. Turning to Slide 15, we ended the quarter with $6.6 billion of unrestricted liquidity which includes of $2 billion untapped revolver. We are comfortably in excess of our stated liquidity target range of $5 billion to $6 billion. During the second quarter, we generated $1.6 billion dollars of operating and $314 million of free cash flow. We also contributed $160 million to our pension plans and continue to forecast a total contribution of $400 million in the full year of 2017. During the quarter, we repurchased $422 million of our share at an average price for $74 bringing our repurchases in the first half of 2017 to $735 million at an average price of $72 a share. As of the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $1.1 billion remaining in repurchase authority. Turning to Slide 16, full-year 2017 CapEx is now projected to be between $4.6 billion and $4.8 billion which is $400 million higher at the midpoint than our prior guidance. The slide provided some details for this increase which includes higher non-aircraft CapEx, more free delivery deposits and used aircraft transaction. Let me give you a little bit of color on each of these categories. We will invest between $200 million and $300 million more than forecasted earlier this year in IT, ground service equipment, facilities and other critical areas of our business. Technology projects are the biggest area of non-aircraft CapEx and we are increasing investment in our digital platforms, applications development and strengthening our technology infrastructure. On the fleet side, there are two buckets driving higher CapEx. First $50 million more in PDPs, represent the net impact from a number of changes to our new aircraft order book. The deferral of the first four A350 aircraft out of 2018 to later periods is accounted for in our new projection. Please note that today we will have no further updates to provide about our A350 order. Second, $150 million is related to the purchase of 21 narrowbody aircraft off lease. These include 737NGs, A320 Series aircraft and 757s which have an average age of 21 years. We expect to reliably operate these aircraft for many years to come. The acquisition of used aircraft will be difficult to forecast since these transactions will most often times be opportunistic. We expect this will continue to be an important part of our fleet strategy and well effectively reduce average fleet CapEx. We continue to expect 2017 to the high watermark for CapEx and expect 2018 CapEx to be approximately $1 billion lower. We will provide a more refined 2018 forecast later this year. Lastly, Slide 17 as the summary of our current guidance including third quarters projected fuel price range using the July 13 curve. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs imply a third quarter pretax margin of between 12.5% and 14.5%. In conclusion, we are pleased with the results in the first half of 2017 and remain confident in our ability to continue to drive earnings improvement. We are managing the business to maximize margins and are focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. With that, Id like to thank you all for joining the call today. And I will now turn it back to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thanks, Andrew. And again, one just quick last shout out to the energy and enthusiasm of our employees who made such a strong quarter possible. And so with that lets turn it back over to Julie and were happy to take your questions.
Julie Stewart: Thank you Oscar. First we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if need one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you Julie, and the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And from Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay in the line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: So Scott, you said that Denver is your most profitable hub, obviously it looks like Frontier has announced a pretty big growth push there with the - I think theyve called it natural share. Id be curious to have sort of your early take away of what that means for you guys there and if you care to talk about how you might deploy basic economy that means just fee, that is just sort of the first sort of like production test of that product or just any broad thoughts would be appreciated. Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Sure, thanks Hunter. In the near to medium term, anytime we have capacity growth from anyone but particular a low cost carrier its going to lead to some pricing pressure. Over the longer term however I view this really having watched the ULCC growth over the last decade this is the best news that Ive heard in the last ten years. I have known and look, what they said is, theyre going to run a connecting hub-and-spoke network in Denver. The model that they used to have which led them to bankruptcy, but theyre pivoting from what has been the most successful models, point to point ULCC strategy around the world to going back to trying to copy what the network carriers do and run it connecting business model. And the reason I view that is that best thing that has happened in the last decade is because I believe for many years that the ULCC business model cant work when a network carrier decides to compete on price and particularly once weve been able to roll out based economy. And while I believe that for a long time this is the first I guess public validation that one of the ULCCs is throwing in the towel on the point-to-point business model and switching to a network model. And look thats a lot more complicated. It's one thing to run a point-to-point network, but when you're trying to run connecting traffic, you got to slow down the aircraft utilization because you got to wait for passengers and employees to connect and airplanes to be timed correctly. You got to staff up, because you have peaks and valleys, you got to connect bags, which is one of the most operationally difficult thing we do. Today if Frontier has a flight from Orlando to Denver and its delayed by two hours, all they have to do is run the flight two hours, but the customers still get there and its not a good experience, but its not the end of the world. Tomorrow when theyd have half the people in that airplane that are connecting, if that flight is two hours late, their choice and they got one flight a day to all these markets, do we delay everything else for the rest of the day by two hours or do we have half the people on that airplane go to a hotel and spend the night or do we buy [indiscernible] half of the people in that airplane tickets on United to get them to their destination that day. It is exponentially more complex to run a connecting model. And for Frontier to publically acknowledge that the old business model has run out of growth opportunities in the middle of an IPO process I just view as a phenomenal validation of everything we've done has worked and our ability to compete and win against them. And I can promise you theyre not competing on our turf and trying to get a network carrier in Denver, that is a battle I guarantee United will win.
Hunter Keay: Thank you for that thorough answer Scott, I appreciate it. A question for either you or Andrew, I suppose on this whole zero based budgeting concept. I think you know there's some success and there's some failure - stories of failure out there around that concept. I think like Heinz for example one of the worst places where it didn't work like that was supposed to. So its not always the slam dunk. Can you talk to me about sort of lessons learned that you have seen from your own experience with it, what maybe you've learned from other industries and if it works does this represent incremental cost upsides to what you laid out at the Analyst Day or is that considered as a long-term guide? Thank you.
Andrew Levy: Sure, again hey Hunter, I think what you're alluding to is the fact that we're going to - we're starting a, were calling it a bottoms up budgeting process as we get ready to budget 2018. Look, I view this really simply as a way to understand the business at a greater depth of detail instead of just simply looking at changes year-over-year in terms of expenditures. We need to revisit the expenditures that we spend the year and make sure that everything we're spending money on continues to make sense. So its a big of a mind shift and it's a bit of a just a change in the way of thinking about the business. We're not approaching this with any particular cost savings target in mind.  But I do believe that in scrutinizing our cost at a higher degree of detail throughout the organization that we will in fact find opportunities to save money along the way. But this is a journey, its going to take time and it's a different way of going through the budgeting process. So unlike Heinz or some of the other examples, where perhaps the goals were more short-term oriented and removing cost from the business, I think that will just simply be an output overtime as we get more proficient looking at our cost base and that process is going to start this fall. Actually we've already started that process now, so.
Oscar Munoz: And Hunter, this is Oscar. With regards to experience in other industries and Ive done it in telecom, Ive done it in railroads, Ive done in soft drinks. I just think it as Andrew outlined, this is a normal process that companies go through and now that we're running better, weve always talked about taking out some of the safety cushion in operations is one area. So we are very cognizant of both the great trust weve built with our employees and with our customers and we're not going to be silly about a cost structure there and just about making sure we do normal things that businesses do. So were excited about that possibility that Andrew will lead.
Operator: From Bank of America we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Scott, you mentioned, its in the slide deck and in your prepared remarks that the new summer capacity in efficient and performing well. Are there any metrics that you can provide to help us understand this because I think the point gets lost a bit given that that 3Q PRASM and margin guide would suggest otherwise.
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess Id start with your back part of that. I dont think that the pre-3Q PRASM or margin guidance suggest otherwise. And look as we move from -- what I guided really reflecting as we moved from 2Q to 3Q, one, on a sequential basis, there are a bunch of calendar things that are probably a point [indiscernible] just calendar issues. That of course is an industry issues but you know not have a or Easter being in the second quarter, with movement of the Jewish holidays in the third quarter, timing of the Easter, just even the day of the week there is extra Friday in the second quarter, extra Saturday in the third quarter, all those things are a point.  And then we also got industry capacity ramping up particularly in the second half of August and into September at the off-peak period and so our guide is really reflecting those things. Our capacity increased, just started, Im sure well come up with some more things to share but only been flying for six to seven weeks its a little early to have anything definitive and share with you but Im sure we can come up with something to talk about more in the future, but look you can just look at this quarter from a margin perspective, well only got one airline to compare to, but at least stripping out the hedge losses, we have in fact [indiscernible].  Its the fifth straight quarter that weve closed the margin gap thats pretty good track record. And we just feel really good about how well this is going. Im particularly proud of the ops team because switching from a slow growth or no growth mode to growth is not easy operationally and we've done that. At the same time our team is putting up absolute records in terms of operational performance. So really across the board we're excited about how things have played out so far and very optimistic about the future.
Andrew Didora: And just my second question, Andrew, I know our CapEx will be down to $1 billion next year. But I think it still implies a tick-off from your prior $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion guide. Is this just a change in the order book that you've announced over the past few months or is there something else in there to think about in 2018?
Andrew Levy: Andrew, it's really nothing to do with the order book. It's really more of an - well, first of all let me start out by saying that we want to give you directionally rough order of magnitude sense of 18 versus 17. And I think in the comments I made, I did state that we will give you a more refined estimate later this year. But it's just rough order of magnitude I think the main difference is just a higher level of non-aircraft CapEx expenditures, we think that some of the investments that I touched on as far as categories and investment that that will continue next year and thats our expectations as we sit here right now. So it really doesn't tie into the new order book and I don't expect any changes in the new order book that would affect 2018 CapEx to occur between now and the end of the year.
Operator: From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Scott, does the guidance embed continued strength in operational performance or are you assuming that you normalize to something that you perhaps achieved over say a longer period of time versus the second quarter?
Scott Kirby: I not only made it explicit to something, either on RASM or CASM about continued operational performance. Its sort of a continuation of the trends from a RASM perspective. So I guess that would implicitly assume that operations continued to run well. Really doing things on a sequential basis. And from a CASM perspective, Ill let Andrew talk about anything on CASM.
Andrew Levy: I think we made some assumptions about how meetings certain targets would affect profit sharing or operational bonuses that are based on meeting certain targets. We do expect to continue to operate the airline at a similar high level that weve been as far as estimating a higher completion factor. We really haven't taken that into account on a go forward basis.
Darryl Genovesi: And any rough thoughts towards your 2018 capacity plan at this point?
Scott Kirby: Not yet.
Darryl Genovesi: I mean have you filled out all of the catchment area flying, the stuff that you werent already serving that youve added this year. Would you say that process is largely complete?
Scott Kirby: No, but you shouldnt try read anything into that about 2018 capacity.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Mike Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Mike Linenberg: I just have a couple of fleet questions here. The four A350s, does that represent 100% of your A350 deliveries in 18?
Scott Kirby: Yes, it does Mike.
Mike Linenberg: And then just, the dozen MAX aircraft that are being accelerated into 2019, are those MAX 8. And then, if they are, are those types of airplanes in a two class or two plus class, with those airplanes makes sense Transatlantic for you.
Andrew Levy: Mike, let me handle the first part and then maybe Andrew or Scott can talk about the network use of that. First of all, their MAX 9 aircraft, so they are not 8s. [indiscernible] but those MAX 9 aircraft and those 12 aircraft as you recall we deferred 65, well we deferred 61 737-700 airplanes that was about a year ago, we did that less than a year ago. Four of the 65 became 800s, 737-800s which were delivering this year. And the balance of the 61 positions had been kind of put out there in the future - in different way out in the future with Boeing. And what we're doing here is that these 12 aircraft are kind of first 12 of those 61 that we've identified a delivery slot and theyre coming in in 2019 as we indicated in the release. So as far as the suitability of the MAX 8 for Transatlantic, I think Andrew is probably going to take that one.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. I think right now, Mike, we have plenty of 757s in our European configuration that are flying around in the domestic system. So I dont think we have any rush to move into flying 737s across the Atlantic. But its something were going to look at for the medium to long term. But its not something we plan to do in the short term at all.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: I just have a couple of questions. One, I think one of the things that you're doing to improve consumer relations has to do and denied boardings and I think, Oscar, you may have mentioned this as well with the program to encourage passengers to change their flights a few days in advance. And I'm kind of wondering how thats growing the acceptance of it, whether that's driving more, knowing that they won't be bumped, driving more passengers your way.
Andrew Nocella: Helane, this is Andrew Nocella. We are working on that pilot that does, what you described, we have not implemented it as yet and I would say its a pilot. So its really small. This is something that we continue to evaluate. We think its a great idea for our customers and for United Airlines. So more to come on this if it becomes something substantial, but at this point, well likely launch the pilot in the next few weeks and the total number of passengers being moved in this pilot, you know, if they so desire to move, will probably be in the neighborhood of 50. So its really small scale, but we think its a great idea and if it works and our customers appreciate it a lot more to come.
Helane Becker: Okay. Great. So we'll look out for that. And then I just have a question on CapEx and IT spend. Airlines were really early adopters of technology and haven't been able to keep pace in part because obviously there were financial issues in the last decade, but I'm kind of wondering as you think about IT spend over the next three or four years, can you just -- of your CapEx budget, should we think about that as being like 10% of the budget? Should we think about it as being a combination of new website, new retail to cut customer outreach in terms of the mobile app and so on as well as system redundancies, so that you don't get caught out with technology issues? Thank you.
Andrew Levy: Sure, Helane. Our technology spend, both this year and going forward I think will be all of the above, everything you mentioned. Its application development, both customer facing as well as operationally beneficial applications, its infrastructure investments, including disaster recovery. Thats a big part of our spend this year. It is bringing in automation in parts of the business where weve had very little of that, including for instance, in our warehouses. We have a project this year we launched where were going to start to automate our warehouse, our warehouses in terms of our spare parts inventory.  And there, I think youre right, there is a big opportunity to bring technology into the business and allow us to increase our efficiency as a result of taking advantage of that opportunity. I think youre also right that there are many, many years where we didnt have the balance sheet or the wherewithal to be able to make these types of investments and were fortunate to be in a position where we can change that and thats what were doing and that is, in large measure, why were spending more money this year in non-aircraft CapEx projects. As far as the pace of spend, I would assume it will probably be -- probably about a third of aircraft or non-aircraft CapEx will be in the IT arena, as far as capital expenditures, obviously more of it hits the OpEx line.
Operator: From Citi, we have Kevin Crissey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Maybe Scott, could you talk about corporate, whether it be share or performance relative to leisure in general.
Scott Kirby: Corporate was strong in this quarter with quarter that was  it was up 6%, our corporate business. Thats not the best metric, I mean, Ill give it to you, but we can always make corporate going up by just signing more corporate accounts, but we also need the quality of our corporate accounts, but business demand is, I think, certainly, internationally stronger than leisure demand, but corporate demand was strong throughout the quarter.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Scott, maybe I can ask you, again, just how should we think about when you start to see the benefits to PRASM from three items. Like one is the kind of the increased amount of market presence. The second one is the basic economy which you just rolled out and then eventually, this Gemini rollout in late August, like when should we think of that showing up in unit revenue or maybe your unit revenue doesnt perform in line with what you would expect, given comps or capacity?
Scott Kirby: So Ill make one overarching point that our initiatives, the initiatives you talked about, some of those are, like Gemini is rather specific, but many of those are about margin. And youre already seeing that, besides the second quarter, youre going to continue to see it going forward. And I think so those are showing up in PRASM performance, I mean if you look at our second quarter, I mean domestically, bringing up one competitor compared to, but given our growth rate, but then given some of the issues in Delta last year, to be that close I think is really good about the result already.  On those things, new markets was the first line you mentioned. Those arent on day one RASM accretive. You start flying to a new city, takes some time, around, but we typically think of that as about, on a domestic city, 6 to 12 month ramp-up for you to kind of get to full benefit. Gemini, [indiscernible], we already have some yield management benefits, but theyre not really in the system. I think they really just started in the first quarter this year. On the system, were going to have to rollout the first part of the new system in end of August, but I wouldnt expect meaningful changes to revenue for a little while. And even when we do let out to the full system, those kinds of changes, yield management system, with the kind of changes and sometimes they take one step back to take two steps forward, because you turn off an old system thats [indiscernible].  That process is going to start in August and in basic economy, weve got basic economy rolled out across the system, but weve been for the last couple of months, one of our big competitors essentially has it rolled out. Theyve done it in less than 1% of their system and there is a bunch of places that weve been uncompetitive from a pricing perspective. We havent been -- normally, we worry a lot about pricing competitiveness in the near term, weve been willing to be uncompetitive on price in the short term, as we try to get this sorted out for what its going to look like for the next 20 years instead of worrying about the next two months.  But I think by the end of the year, well have a position where everyone of the big network fares presumably will have rolled out basic economy around their system and at that point, I think basic economy will be more of a tailwind. Its less of a tailwind right now, because on some of our competitors, the standard, you can get the standard product on our competitors for the same products that we get the basic product on United Airlines. That wont be the case in the long run, but in the near term, we get benefits from selling up more customers, but Im sure we lose some share as a result of that as well.
Savanthi Syth: Thats helpful. Thank you. And if I may, just really quick. I wonder if there is an update on -- earlier this year, there was an announcement about kind of investing in Avianca, in Avianca Brasil, and kind of deepening the partnerships there. Is there any kind of progress on the investment or any kind of strategic initiatives related to that?
Scott Kirby: There is lots of progress, but none of them which we can talk about on the call today. We are fitting in to work with partners and we appreciate the, all of our Latin American partnerships and we hope to be able to have something to announce in the not-too-distant future.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, actually a question for you, a higher level one, there have been quite a few developments since your Investor Day last year, can you just talk about some of the pluses and minuses since then that make it easier or harder for you to narrow the margin gap and meet some of the other commitments.
Scott Kirby: Ill give it a shot. We, on the plus side, feel like were executing really well on all the initiatives that we talked about. Weve done more work in yield management than we initially intended. Weve grown more confident on basic economy, particularly when it rolled out everywhere. We -- the network stuff is a little, some of the rebanking is a little delayed as we got through the operational, making sure we can handle it operationally. As for the plus side, the operation is running better than it ever has in history and as I said earlier on, its the thing were probably the most proud of that really is a great foundation to build on the rest of the airlines. In the near term, so most of the things are going on plan or a little bit better than plan.  In the near term, if there has been a headwind, geography is a headwind for us, that has nothing to do with margin gap closure. But for example, in the second quarter, if we just had applied our RASM performance to the Delta geography, thats what we know right now, our RASM would have been seven-tenths of a point better. I mean that really is, we have big exposure to China and less exposure to domestic. And so with China doing worse, and domestic is doing better, were going to underperform on the system private level, not because were performing, but just because we have bad geography. Those things ebb and flow, so we dont really think of those as margin gap one way or another, because one quarter [indiscernible] pretty good about the trajectory that were on.
Rajeev Lalwani: Okay. And then actually Scott on the international front, as we move beyond the next quarter or two and I think youre kind of alluding to this, where do you think the best opportunity is and how sustainable was some of the flattish PRASM weve seen, just given how much weve already improved over the last year or two?
Scott Kirby: Well, for United, we have more modest growth plans internationally. Our international network is fantastic. We are the best international network in the business. I think we have the most, highest profit margins in the business. Latin America is obviously recovering quickly. Weve added some capacity there. Were going to start our service. Weve added a little bit in Europe. Obviously, Asia is the most challenged. I suspect well continue to grow, but not grow quickly on the international line and our growth will kind of depend on whats happening geography by geography. So its hard to predict this more in advance what Asia is going to be doing two years from now versus what the Americas is going to be doing two years from now. But I would anticipate modest growth at a much lower rate than the domestic growth.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joe DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joe DeNardi: Scott, just given the partnership that you guys have with Chase, Im wondering if you could just talk to what you guys are seeing in terms of an impact from their rollout of higher reserve card, what thats meant for your business in terms of spend and card acquisitions and maybe what youre doing to make sure that the value your card offers consumers remains competitive?
Scott Kirby: Look, were having an awful lot of discussions with Chase. And we appreciate the partnership with Chase. Weve gotten more engaged at a high level. So I have now a quarterly meeting with Gordon who runs the card portfolio at Chase and I believe that this should be upside in the future for us. It is one of the areas where we are currently underperforming, both Delta and American is probably a full margin point, its not a point and a half, the kind of performance that theyre getting. But this is about partnership and about making, getting to the world thats a win for Chase and a win for United Airlines.  We have done that before, were fortunate to have the management sitting next to me, Andrew Nocella who led those efforts at my last airlines and American has got a huge tailwind right now from the deal with the city and they have a great partnership with them. I believe were going to get, didnt happen overnight and I believe were going to get there and I believe that Chase is committed to that and that were going to get to a win with them. But Im not sure when were going to be able to have the kind of tailwinds that American and Delta have had, but Im optimistic that well get there, this is one thing that we havent spent a lot of time talking about, because we cant do it alone, but I think the motivation is in the right place with our partners and that we will ultimately get a much better result out of the card, which will be good for United, good for Chase and good for our customers.
Joe DeNardi: And then maybe just switching gears a little bit, I think there have been a number of things that have kind of improved the cyclicality of the business, but maybe one thing working against it is this, what seems to be a shift towards more corporate traffic away from leisure. Im just wondering Scott or Andrew, if you could talk about historically, how, what the share of corporate traffic now is versus ten years ago and what that means for cyclicality?
Scott Kirby: I dont think its dramatically different. Its focused on these earnings calls, more than anywhere else. I dont think its dramatically different. If you look at the places where its important like across Atlantic, but then you got leisure markets like Hawaii that are gaining more. And so there are puts and takes.
Andrew Levy: The only thing I will add is, I think were seeing strong premium performance across the globe other than Asia at this point.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Well, nice segue from Chase. First question for, that wasnt deliberate, was it? First question, I know its in my wallet. First question for Andrew, look, the third quarter guide, I mean, its being met with disappointment by the market. My assumption is that if we set fuel to decide, your 2017 earnings plan is coming in a bit below what the 17 plan was last November. My first question is whether or not that is the case, but more importantly assuming the things are coming in a bit below plan, can you point to what adjustments youve made in order to potentially get back on track? I mean, two, three, four initiatives that are incremental?
Andrew Nocella: Well, Jamie, I guess, we start by maybe that we dont agree with that view. I dont think any of us feel that were off track in 2017 at all, even if you exclude the fact that fuel is indeed lower than what we thought it would be at the beginning of the year. I think the biggest difference weve seen on the revenue side is whats been discussed already, which is weakness in the Pacific, China specifically, that fleet was not expected. Thats the only thing so far that weve seen that is a surprise. On the cost side, everything is progressing as expected. So no, I think were kind of hitting on all cylinders and doing everything we thought wed do.
Jamie Baker: Okay. A question for Scott and I guess this builds a little bit on the theme of Savanthis question, but Im curious what the basic economy RASM contribution is as it relates to the third quarter guide for flat domestic RASM. We were assure the basic economy was going to be immediately accretive, at least I think thats what you said. So Im wondering if that has proven to be the case, it would suggest that absent basic economy, your domestic RASM would actually be going down and Im not sure that I understand what that would be?
Scott Kirby: So, on basic economy, I do expect it will be RASM accretive and immediately RASM accretive with its competitive product. And we said that exactly in the past, but that would have been the underlying assumption that it was going to be competitive and expected our competitors to get the full workout, but currently, they have taken longer. I still think theyre going to get there, but in the near term, you know, the upside that we get from upsell is offset, its impossible for us to make sure, but Im sure its offset to a larger, maybe a complete degree by share shift. And so if weve been through any of the forecast, its probably what our competitors are going to do. We dont know that. We cant control that. And well get bigger benefits once we roll that everywhere.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning everyone and thanks for taking my question. And sorry if it comes off as critical, but were trying to be constructive here. So I guess we might disagree because you guys have been talking about a lot of margin accretive capacity additions, economy basic rollout, yield management. Yet, margins sequentially are looking about flat. Your competitors are up a little bit. So when we think about those initiatives that you guys laid out back in November, with 1.8 billion of incremental earnings expected this year, how can investors start to measure when thats actually going to gain traction when you guys can really start showing some improvement on the profitability of the business?
Scott Kirby: Look, I think were five quarters in a row of closing the margin gap. Your forward-looking, I guess I am going to assume youre comparing to one airline, which has given the guidance for the third quarter, which is Delta. And we knew and could have known and everyone could have known all along that the third quarter was likely to be a year-over-year headwind. I mean, Delta that self described, hit the RASM in last years third quarter from IT, there are IT meltdowns and related other issues. And so pricing issue at Delta last year, which I dont know for sure what the number was, I would guess its another 50 basis points and so those things are uniquely third quarter year over year comp issues that are nothing about the trend line, nothing about margin gap closure.  Weve had five straight quarters of closing the margin gap and we feel really good about that. Thats a metric you should look at us on. Its not going to be every quarter. Sometimes, its going to be quarter-over-quarter things that happened this year or last year. Sometimes, its going to be geographical changes. If China goes gangbusters all of a sudden, well outperform more. If China is bad, that kind of widens the gap. It goes on to the kind of initiatives we talked about at the Investor Day, so we feel really good about whats happened in the last year and the trajectory going forward.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. I appreciate that Scott. I mean, you guys have these initiatives ramping to 3.2 billion of incremental earnings improvement, I mean, how do we think about those numbers relative to your earnings down here and I get it, thats -- those were not net of cost inflation and some labor deals, but your investors are looking for that earnings improvement, when should we expect it and I guess just coming back to the earlier question, what are some things that could change in the future if that traction doesnt develop?
Scott Kirby: Well, I think kind of, I guess to answer the question, when we say 3.2 billion of earnings improvement, weve been saying compared to what it would have been without the initiatives. Thats not and never said, 3.2 billion compared to whatever the baseline was, 2015 or anything else. And so, things like fuel price changes, things like new labor deals, things like industry revenue conditions change that baseline. It really is about being on a trajectory to close relative margin gap as much as anything. Its probably the best way to measure those things and absolutely margin gap. And weve been doing that and we expect to continue doing that going forward. Thats the best way to measure it though.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Can you talk about the linkage if there is any between planned growth at United and margin expansion for the company, not anything relative, but just getting your margins back to a trajectory of up year over year? I mean obviously, growth makes unit cost look a little bit better and makes employees happy, but what is the point of growing faster than GDP, faster than your peers while your margins are still declining?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, it sounds a broken record, but we continue to close the margin gap on each quarter. We did this quarter as well. And yeah, we had big pay increases for our people year-over-year, something were really proud of, really happy, something that they deserve. That was the right thing to do. And implicit in your question is somehow growth, I dont think growth is going to either overcome that and if growth wasnt overcoming that, it shouldnt have grown. We were more profitable. We had a higher margin this quarter than we would have absent growth, and so we feel really good about where we are, not sure whats going to happen with the macro environment from a revenue perspective or from a fuel price perspective, we do know that the big pay increases which were great are in the past and so were starting to overlap those things. But were still going to be subject to what happens from exactly just macroeconomic stuff.
Operator: And our last question from Stephens, we have Jack Atkins. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: So I guess looking forward for a moment, Scott, in reference to your comment around comps getting more challenging in the back half of the year, and certainly some of the internal revenue initiatives that I think may take a little bit longer to gain traction than initially expected, but given the state of the overall market, would you expect you guys be able to see positive unit revenues in the fourth quarter, given that comps are materially are more difficult in the 4Q versus the 3Q or is the really weakness in Asia and the difficult comparisons going to make that more difficult to see, unless we see a stepup in industry fundamentals?
Andrew Levy: Yeah. So look, were not -- we dont have any real data for the fourth quarter. So our forecast can really be no better than yours. Youre right, comps get more difficult, but at the same time, this one point calendar headwind, at least, I dont actually know for sure what the Christmas and New Years holidays are, but at least the Jewish holiday are a tailwind for the fourth quarter. So the calendar does get better for the fourth quarter and we also know that Southwest growth and Southwest Floridas domestic, it could be a lot slower in the fourth quarter as they retire all their process. So those are two things that are tailwind and the only thing that I can really think of is incremental, I dont know if Id call headwind, but the cost to yield more difficult. So your guess is as good as mine, how those combination of things balance out.
Jack Atkins: And just for a follow-up and its kind of going back to the earlier statements around natural share, we can think about sort of the long term capacity growth plans, I guess just conceptually, how do you guys weigh the desire to take back what you view as your natural market share versus the potential for market disruption that that could cause. Clearly, you need to do whats in the best interest of your company and what you believe to be in the best interest of the company, but in cases where share has been seeded over the years and it could be highly disruptive to gain that back, how do you balance that internally.
Scott Kirby: Look, really a network, its different than point to point and the kind of growth were doing, it hasnt been either highly disruptive, I dont think it will be highly disruptive. Were not going in and trying to start flying from Miami to Milwaukee and competing head to head with someone. Were growing in our hubs where we can have the majority of the people on the airplane or connecting traffic and connecting revenues and in few places, were going back to having just competitive service in a market like New York to Atlanta where our competitor Delta flies mainland and weve downgrades, jets and now were back to mainland. I dont view those things as disruptive, they havent been disruptive. And I dont expect them to be. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From The Street, we have Ted Reed. Please go ahead.
Ted Reed: Thank you. Id like to ask about the Pacific, Scott. Delta just announced moving to Atlanta, Shanghai. And I just wondered how theyre downsizing in Narita, it affects your overall in Asia?
Scott Kirby: I dont know. I read that announcement. I wasnt sure whether, although we speculated it was -- Narita Shanghai as youre confirming that. I dont think I have anything to -- I just read it before I came in here. So I dont really have anything to say about it.
Ted Reed: But in general, as Narita becomes less important, does that impact you in Asia and in China?
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think we have a great operation in Narita. This is Andrew, Ted. How are you doing? I think we have a great operation in Narita. We have a great partner with ANA and I think Im really optimistic about Japan over the long run. Right now, the Pacific over the short run is troubled process in terms of RASM as we said over and over again. So were going to be really careful, particularly in Shanghai and Beijing over the next 12 months in terms of our capacity deployment to make sure we can move those markets in the right trajectory for a positive RASM outlook. But were really confident where we are in the Pacific partners and our hubs and we think we have these leading franchises.
Operator: From Houston Chronicle, we have Andrea Rumbaugh. Please go ahead.
Andrea Rumbaugh: Thanks for taking my question guys. United reported a strong financial and operational quarter, but this can get overshadowed by some of the incidents that have gone viral on social media. And so I just wanted to know how you guys are working to showcase airlines improvement in the era of social media right now?
Oscar Munoz: Andrea, its Oscar. I think its a continuing task. The advent of social media in our space is particularly notable and I think the best thing that we can do and continue to do is to refine our customer service experience models, training and people and move from there. I think you will see something from us in the next quarter or so as we revamp our social media team by how we respond and just we need to be a little more agile. Were a big large company and sometimes, we are stuck in past and I think we need to evolve forward, so that we can handle those events fairly quickly. Not just from a management of the media, and its imprint, but of the individuals involved and if we can stick to the issues. So I think its an important distinction between just managing or spinning an issue versus actually you know preventing it and solving for it.
Operator: And from FlightGlobal, we have Edward Russell. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: Yes. I was wondering if you could breakdown your deliveries for 2018, 19 aircraft, could you confirm that and when we take your first Max and your first 787-10?
Scott Kirby: Lets see. The first 787-10 I believe is 2019, at the end of 18, so it will be in service in 2019. The first Max is 20 -- well, the first Max 10 is 2020, Im not sure if youre asking about Max 10 or just Max in general.
Edward Russell: Just first Max in general?
Scott Kirby: 2018 is first Max in general. As far as number of deliveries next year, Im looking at Gerry Laderman here to keep me honest. We may be able to get back to you with an actual number there.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn it back to our speakers for concluding remarks.
Julie Stewart: Thank you all for joining the call today. Please contact investor or media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Julie Yates Stewart - Managing Director, IR Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO Gregory Hart - EVP and COO
Analysts: Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Kevin Crissey - Citigroup Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Darryl Genovesi - UBS Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Joseph DeNardi - Stifel & Nicolaus & Co. Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Andrew George Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI David Koenig - Associated Press Michael Sasso - Bloomberg News Ted Reed - THE STREET Edward Russell - Flightglobal
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2017. My name is Brandon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Julie Stewart, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Julie.
Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of the call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. We also have others in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now I would like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before we review United's performance for the previous quarter, I want to address the events on last week. The incident on Flight 3411 has been a humbling, learning experience for all of us here at United and for me, in particular. In addition to apologizing to Dr. Dao as well as all the passengers aboard, I also want to apologize to our customers. You can and should expect more from us and as CEO, I take full responsibility for making this right. We've always sought to repay our customers' trust with the highest quality of service and deepest level of respect and dignity. We are and will make the necessary policy changes to ensure this never happens again. Those changes began with two key announcements last week. First, from now on, we'll not call for law enforcement to remove passengers from our flight, except in cases of security or safety concerns. Second, crews traveling on our aircraft must be booked at least 60 minutes prior to departure. In addition, we continue to review a broader array of policies and systems that factor into situations like this. And importantly, we are involving our front-line employees and, to a degree, some of our customers to help us take a more common-sense approach to how we do things. We'll communicate the results of our review and the additional actions we will take by April 30th. Now if I could, turning to the topic of earnings and operational performance. As the positive financial results we will discuss today make clear, our people have done a great work to create a more reliable, profitable, and financially sound airline for our customers, investors and everyone we serve. Our financial and operational performance in the first quarter of 2017 gives us a lot of confidence about the foundation we're building, but it's clear we have further to go in terms of elevating the experience our customers have with us. This is a true learning opportunity and will ultimately prove to be a watershed moment for our company as we work harder than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do. Now, I'll turn it over to Scott to give an update on operations and revenue.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. I echo Oscar's thoughts on last week's incident. Our entire leadership team and the entire airline is focused on learning from this terrible event and making United truly customer-focused in everything that we do. While we had a big failure last week, our 2017 operational and financial performance is off to a strong start. Building on a record 2016, we're already setting new operational records in 2017 and our performance improved as the quarter progressed. Demand is solid and we performed in line with our unit revenue forecast during the quarter despite better completion factor, which led to higher capacity. The positive momentum and the revenue environment that we saw late last year continued into the first quarter and our outlook for the second quarter unit revenue growth is stronger today on higher capacity growth than it was just a few months ago. We expect to return to positive system unit revenue growth in the second quarter, which will mark positive year-over-year growth in this key metric for the first time since early 2015, assuming the quarter plays out as we expect. On slide five, we show operational improvements in the quarter. We remain focused on continually improving our operational reliability. Our completion factor performance in the quarter improved from last year, helped by 25 days of 100% mainline completion, which surpassed our annual record set just last year and is more perfect days than all of 2011 through 2015 combined. Our mishandled baggage performance continues to improve. We achieved our best-ever consolidated on-time departure rate for February and any March, and year-to-date; each of our major competitors had canceled more than twice as many flights as has United. Slide six illustrates how changes to our yield management posture are also allowing us to drive better revenue results. As you can see for the past two years, United had a philosophy of never letting advance booked load factor get behind. For the past two years, our bookings 60 days in advance were never [indiscernible] 2% behind. And if your goal is to keep bookings high, the easiest way to do that is to lower the prices, and that's exactly what United was doing. In fact, if you look at slide seven in our deck, we're just industry PRASM in general due to the step function change in the fourth quarter, and I think this was primarily driven by United reducing its reliance on advance-purchase discounts. The second problem with this strategy was that we sold out too soon and spilled our natural market share of close-in business demand to our competitors. As you can see back on slide six, we changed that posture and are now willing to take much more risk that high-yield business customers are going to choose United if we just keep seats available for them. And it's working. In the first quarter, our close-in bookings were up around 12% year-over-year and our corporate revenue was up 11% year-over-year compared with an average of down 1% for the last three quarters. The Easter shift and the extra Friday in March did help, but we also think this is evident that United is restoring its natural market share. Despite starting well behind, you could see that we closed the load factor gap in both the fourth and first quarters and we expect and hope to do so again in the second quarter. This change leads to a better overall pricing environment and better mix and allows United to simply restore our natural close-in to business demand market share. While all of our competitors are lowering their unit revenue outlook from the first quarter, our forecast started just below our guided midpoint and improved to flat despite a one point higher completion factor. This phenomenon at our competitors wasn't about demand weakness. It was about United customers coming back to United, and we simply couldn't accommodate them in years past because we weren't leaving seats for the last minute bookings customers. In the past, we forced many of our best customers to fly with our competitors because we were sold out and our changes now mean that they can and are returning to United Airlines. While the whole industry is seeing strong close-in demand, United is better positioned to capitalize on it with more seats to sell close-in on a year-over-year basis. We expect the second quarter to be United's best PRASM performance in two years. Our consolidated PRASM was flat for the first quarter, right at the midpoint of our guidance provided in January despite running one point higher in completion factor. We saw strong close-in demand in March, and throughout the quarter, we saw improvement across the system, with Houston, Washington Dulles and Chicago all showing positive year-over-year improvement. Internationally, both the Atlantic and Pacific performance was better than forecasted. The strength in the Atlantic was boosted by strong results in Germany and a U.S. point-of-sale shift, while the Pacific was helped by positive PRASM in Japan. We anticipate second quarter consolidated PRASM to be up 1% to 2% -- 1% to 3%, 200 basis points better than at the midpoint from the first quarter. If the quarter plays out like we think, this will mark the fifth straight quarter of sequential improvement and the first quarter of positive unit revenue growth in two years. Moving to slide eight for an overview by region. During the second quarter, we expect sequential improvement in all geographies, except the Atlantic, which we expect will be approximately flat after surprising with positive growth in the first quarter. The Easter shift had a much more pronounced positive impact on yield in the Atlantic during March than we anticipated and we're now expecting an opposite impact in April. We're currently forecasting solid positive unit revenue growth in domestic and Latin markets. Latin remains a bright spot, and we look for the year-over-year increase to be in the mid-single-digits in the second quarter, driven by strength in Brazil and Argentina and a tailwind from the Easter shift. In the Pacific, declines are expected to moderate again in the second quarter. Our capacity outlook for the second quarter is up 3% to 4%. We expect that growth to be biased towards higher domestic growth with an increase of 4.5% to 5.5%. Our domestic year-over-year growth will peak in June and July, driven by improved utilization of our fleet this summer. Our full year outlook for system capacity growth remains up 2.5% to 3.5% and is consistent with our updated guidance from March 15. Our capacity growth is comprised of nearly a 5% increase in gauge, partially offset by fewer departures. We're delivering on our promises from Investor Day, which included restoring the domestic network to its natural share in our hubs. Everyone knows that United never should have been flying regional jets in markets like Chicago to Washington National or Newark to Atlanta. We're up-gauging where we should be flying larger planes, and that, by the way, is mostly in places where we historically did fly larger planes. And we're putting smaller planes in markets that will drive better connectivity to our hubs, places like Champaign, Illinois and Rochester, Minnesota. These [indiscernible] markets have better pricing structure than large markets and help to improve connectivity in our hubs. We'll continue to improve connectivity, and we will start re-banking later this fall, which will be the next step in our network optimization. We're even more excited about our opportunities today than we were at Investor Day five months ago, and we look forward to providing proof points that we're executing over the coming quarters and years. To close, I want to, again, say that we're committed to learning from last week's failure by becoming the most customer-centric airline we can be in everything that we do. Now, I'll turn it over to Andrew to review the financial results.
Andrew Levy: Thanks Scott. Before I turn to the numbers, I want to make it clear I share the sentiments expressed by Oscar and Scott about what occurred last week. Our entire team is working together to identify ways we can become a more customer-focused airline and are confident we will succeed in this goal. Yesterday afternoon, we released our first quarter 2017 earnings as well as our second quarter investor update. I will discuss both our results and outlook at a high level, but please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 10 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 11 shows our non-GAAP results. In the first quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.41. We generated pretax income of $196 million, which represented a 2.3% pretax margin excluding special items. First quarter 2017 results were lower year-over-year mostly due to higher fuel expense and labor rate increases. Turning to slide 12, our first quarter non-fuel unit costs, excluding special items, profit-sharing and third-party expenses, increased 5% as compared with the first quarter 2016. 4.2 percentage points of this increase was due to new labor rates from the 2016 agreements. For the second quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs, excluding special items, profit-sharing and third-party expenses, to increase between 4% and 5%, with approximately four percentage points of this increase due to the higher labor rates. Last month, we reduced our guidance for full year 2017 non-fuel unit costs to an increase of between 2.5% and 3.5%. We are affirming this guidance today despite elevated unit cost growth in the first quarter and our forecasted increase in the second quarter of 4.5% at the midpoint of the guided range. We expect the increase in nonfuel unit costs to slow appreciably during the last two quarters of the year. Turning to slide 13, we ended the first quarter with $6.4 billion of unrestricted liquidity, including our recently increased $2 billion revolver, which is comfortably in excess of our stated minimum liquidity target range. As of the end of the first quarter, our gross debt balance, including capitalized operating leases was $17.6 billion. During the quarter, we completed several financing transactions that improved our liquidity by $1.35 billion. This included raising $300 million of unsecured debt at a rate of 5%, increasing our term loan by $440 million to $1.5 billion with more favorable terms and rate, and also upsizing our revolver by $650 million to the $2 billion number I gave you a minute ago. In the quarter, we spent $313 million repurchasing shares at an average price of about $68 a share. We remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders and will continue to be opportunistic to take advantage of pullbacks in the stock. We currently have approximately $1.5 billion remaining of repurchase authority. Our 2017 guidance for CapEx remains between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion. This is higher than 2016 due primarily to the delivery of 15 wide-body aircraft. Also during the quarter, we purchased 12 737NGs off lease. These are not incremental aircraft to the fleet, but rather aircraft we've operated since new. We expect to enter into many similar transactions when we can cost-effectively purchase leased aircraft that we expect to operate for many years instead of acquiring new aircraft to replace equipment at the end of the lease term. Additionally, we expect to grow the fleet by adding used aircraft. Growing with used aircraft is much less capital-intensive, provides us with greater balance sheet flexibility and therefore, de-risks our business at the margin. Lastly, regarding our fleet, we continue our comprehensive review of the fleet and order book. We continue our work and we will update you when we have new information to share. On slide 14, we show summary of our guidance, including second quarter projected fuel price range, which is using the April 12 curve. The ranges for capacity, revenue and costs imply a second quarter pretax margin between 10% and 12%. In conclusion, we're off to a solid start in 2017 and remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and finding incremental cost-savings opportunities. With that, I'd like to thank you all for joining the call today, and I'll now turn it back to Julie to open it up for Q&A.
Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Andrew. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if need one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And from Cowen, we have Helane Becker online. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much operator. Hi everybody. Thank you very much for your time. Just on the bookings over the past -- I mean, this is like very short-term-focused, but are you hearing from any of your corporate accounts about adjusting bookings or whatever for the -- given United's performance over the last couple of weeks with various incidences?
Scott Kirby: We had a lot of communication with our corporate accounts, and we've had appropriate questions and concerns, particularly with regard to our corporate accounts, with whom we have a good relationship and we've already communicated with. We feel pretty good about the communications that we've had so far and in our ability to reassure them and explain things like overbooking. Some of the steps that we will do with the broader public on our April 30 launch but some of that with our corporate accounts, we've been able to accelerate some of that -- some of their specific concerns. And our sales team has done a wonderful job of being out, talking to them if there has been a concern from corporate accounts, which has been totally appropriate. We feel like we've managed that pretty well. And our corporate accounts are largely supportive. They want us to fix this. They want us to do the right thing. But they believe in us and believe that we will get this fixed. And at the end of the day, we will be stronger, and we will have better customer service when we get through this. 
Oscar Munoz: And Helane, this is Oscar. I echo the same sentiments. I've had -- go ahead, Helane.
Helane Becker: No. I was just actually -- I mean, I don't want to beat this up. I just was going to change the subject and actually ask you about regional -- regions in the domestic market. I know you were talking about improvement in various domestic markets, and I wonder if there are any specific areas of improvement that you would call out as being noteworthy. And that was all.
Scott Kirby: Well, we saw improvement -- we saw PRASM up, actually, the most in Houston. To some degree, that's -- we have less capacity in Houston. We're looking forward to actually re-banking Houston starting later this year, which will allow us the platform to grow Houston and actually improve PRASM even more. The energy sector in Houston, while still down significantly compared to where it was historically, is starting to at least recover from a very low base. Our energy accounts have [rounding up] [ph] 13% during the quarter. We also saw strength in Dulles and Chicago, and the rest of the hubs, while down a little bit, were all down pretty marginally. So really, I would say for the most part, across the board, we're starting to see an improved revenue environment, and we really feel good about the revenue environment, really, across the board.
Helane Becker: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Citigroup, we have Kevin Crissey online. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Good morning. Thanks for the time. Can we talk about the international partners maybe in a big picture, the evolution of the international partnerships, their importance overall, where your strengths and opportunities exist, maybe just a big picture on where international partnerships and alliances and JVs, as you see it, are heading? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Well, international JV and partnerships are incredibly important to our customers. They are a way to give a seamless experience to our customers, to get them around the world. This is one of those rare events that if they win, win, win; it's a win for United Airlines. It could be a win for our partners, and it's absolutely a win for our customers. I think we -- and Star Alliance, we all believe that we have an opportunity to do better. We can be more seamlessly integrated with one another and that includes on the commercial front, but to a large degree, that includes the customer experience, where we can make the experience more seamless. And we have a new CEO at Star Alliance, and that is his number one mission. I'll actually be going to the Star Alliance meeting on Mother's Day, which my wife doesn't appreciate, but it's in Germany. And the focus of the meeting is to talk about how we can create a more seamless experience for our customers and really have the focus to be on customers. And we think there's a big opportunity there, and that's something that we'll be working on over the coming years. But our partnerships are really important, and we're looking forward to expanding partnerships, particularly in Latin America with Avianca and Copa, and we think there's a real opportunity. But we have strong partnerships across the Atlantic and Pacific. Adding Avianca, Copa and Azul to those relationships is going to give us the ability to give the American and LatAm a run for their money in Latin America.
Kevin Crissey: So Scott, would you say that that's the region where you have the biggest opportunity for improvement is in the Latin America region?
Scott Kirby: Well, we have opportunity for improvement everywhere, but it's the least developed region for us. So yes, it's the area with the most opportunity for improvement.
Kevin Crissey: Thank you for your time.
Operator: We have Michael Linenberg on the line. Please standby for just a moment. Michael Linenberg is on the line, please go ahead sir.
Michael Linenberg: Yes, hey thanks. Two questions here. Hey, Scott, I just want to go back to -- you mentioned Houston, Dulles and Chicago seeing PRASM improvement. Just specifically looking at Newark, if it weren't for the fact that Newark-Florida fares were somewhat depressed, if we were to exclude that, would have Newark's PRASM been up?
Scott Kirby: Newark what fares?
Michael Linenberg: If you were to exclude -- to Florida.
Scott Kirby: Excluding Florida. I mean, Newark was down 1%, and so I don't know. And actually, what's happened in Newark is there was a flood of low-cost carrier capacity, and for a long time, United Airlines did not match the prices. We started matching the prices and I think our revenues, while down in those markets, is down less than it was before. So, we feel really good about that strategy. At least our incremental change in strategy and competing more aggressively with the low-cost carriers in Newark, I think, is revenue positive. To be clear, with all the capacity in Florida, PRASM is certainly down, but it was down even more before we decided to start competing aggressively. 
Michael Linenberg: Well. And then just my second question, Andrew, you talked about growing the fleet with used aircraft. And I guess up until this point, you've -- predominantly, it's -- well, I shouldn't say predominantly, it's all been narrow-body. And I'm curious about your thoughts about used wide-bodies. I think the view out in the marketplace is that reconfiguration costs are too high. Hence, we don't see airlines really look at used wide-bodies. I mean, what are your thoughts on that? Are there opportunities there for you, if you can elaborate? 
Andrew Levy: Yes. Hey, Mike.
Michael Linenberg: Hey.
Andrew Levy: The wide-body market is severely depressed across the board. There's tremendous opportunities in the used market. There's a lot of really good high-quality aircraft available at very, very attractive low rates. So you're right that the reconfiguration costs are certainly more significant, and it's, perhaps, a little bit tougher to make the economics work in a normal situation. Certainly, with the -- today, I think we're in a different period in the market, and so we are actively looking at wide-bodies and narrow-bodies and we'll see. I think obviously, the weakness in demand for that sector has been well documented. It's nothing new. And I know the OEMs are feeling it as well. So, we'll see if we can take advantage of the dislocations that we believe is there and will continue to be there for quite some time.
Michael Linenberg: Great. Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Levy: Thanks.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey good morning. Scott, at the Analyst Day in November, you said that historically, inflections in RASM usually involve a couple months of nail-biting, where you're behind on advance bookings, which is exactly what's happening, obviously, in slide six. So we're obviously more than a couple months into it at this point. So I guess the question is, are you deep enough into this point where you can say that you're seeing that big turn, which is what you described it as in November, in the revenue environment? Or do you need a couple more months to go before you can safely say that we have had that big turn, which are your words that you said in November?
Scott Kirby: Well, Hunter, you've followed me long enough to know that I'm an optimist by nature, so take what I'm going to say with a grain of salt. But yes, I think we had a great turn in revenue in the fourth quarter. If you can just look at that graph, I think it was slide, what, six or seven for us and you can see going from RASM that is down 7.4%, down 6.6%, down 5.8%, all of a sudden to down 1.6%. That's a big step function change and there really wasn't a big change in industry capacity at that point, not a flat, not up to -- something changed in the fourth quarter. And my hypothesis is that what changed in the fourth quarter was United's revenue management philosophy, which leads to a pricing philosophy change and that has changed and we expect things to continue to grow. What's not even in these numbers which will bear in the second half of the year is Basic Economy, which we think is going to be really big, predictably by the time we get it at steady state. But I think there was inflection point in the fourth quarter and I feel pretty good that that has happened.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And this is actually sort of a related question. You mentioned Basic Economy. I want to get back to a question asked a few months ago about distribution as well. In an ideal world, if you're able to get the distribution paradigm sort of adjusted to exactly how you want it to be. Is there more of an opportunity to drive incremental revenues at the really, really low end like through things like Basic Economy or at the really, really high end by turning airlines into -- dynamically, you're competing on things like product and schedule, with price way at the bottom of the list. So, the question is, low-end or high-end opportunity as it relates to the distribution changes that you expect over the next couple of years.
Scott Kirby: Well, I think that there's opportunity on both. At United, and I said this at my previous airline, roughly half of our revenue is coming from infrequent customers and half is coming from premium customers, customers that fly as often. And it's a little over simplistic to say that, that half of revenue coming from infrequent customers just cares about price because a lot them care about more than that. It's also -- the flip side is true that some of our frequent customers are really shopping on price as well. But at a high level, you can think of it simplistically as half and half and we need to fuel both. And that's the wonderful thing about Basic Economy. It is giving our customers choice. So, for those customers who do care about price -- and by the way, at launch this morning, we had a couple of flights go out and smooth and we're encouraged with the initial launch from Minneapolis today. But for our customers who want a lower price, it's fantastic that we can give them that. And for customers who want a higher level of service and who are willing to pay for a higher level of service and a better product, we can give them that as well. This is all about giving our customers' choice, and I think it will happen on both ends. It will make our product more attractive to customers. We are focused on getting the absolute lowest rock-bottom price, and it will also attract customers who would like to have a better level of service and a better product and are willing to pay for that.
Hunter Keay: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth online. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Good morning. Just on the regional space, Scott, it sounds like you're putting these aircraft in kind of mission-appropriate markets. And now that you've had a chance to review the network and maybe adoption rates to increase connectivity, are you still thinking that the regional fleet will be flattish after the year-end 2017 levels? And on that -- the Air Wisconsin deal, I was wondering how big that deal is and if that puts cost pressure or if it's cost neutral.
Scott Kirby: So conceptually, if there were no constraints, meaning particularly no pilot constraints, we would probably be growing the regional fleet and adding more of those regional markets. To be clear, we wouldn't be flying them in places like Dulles to Chicago or Newark to Atlanta. We will be flying them in places like Rochester, Minnesota, where they're more appropriate. So our regional fleet is less about -- our regional lift is going to be less about our optimal network strategy and much more about our regional partners' ability to source aircraft and pilots, in particular. We -- as a general rule, most of those deals are trading down over time, and we are losing aircraft. That's one of the great things about the Air Wisconsin deal is we were able to go get aircraft that are going to come in at a price that's kind of right in the middle of our prices on other deals, so it's attractive economics and to a large degree, will offset some of the shrinking that we expect to occur at our other regional partners. And we're hoping that our other regional partners can actually keep flying some of those aircraft longer. In fact, SkyWest, [Indiscernible], our numbers have gone up for aircraft at the end of the year because it turns out they're going to be able to fly some of those aircraft a little longer than we thought. But at the end of the day, it's going to be driven -- our regional count -- aircraft count is going to be driven much more by the pilot availability than it is by our optimal fleet plan.
Savanthi Syth: Got it. Thank you. And Andrew if I might ask a quick question. You might have mentioned this in the opening remarks, but now that you've upped the credit facility, is the cash target, is that unchanged? Or are you changing that as well?
Andrew Levy: Our cash target remains between $5 billion and $6 billion. That's a range we're comfortable with. And as you can tell, we're well above that at the current time. So, no, we don't expect to change that target range at all.
Savanthi Syth: Got it. All right, thanks guys.
Operator: From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hi, thanks for the time. Scott, when you were at American, you embarked on a hub rebanking effort, which I think, in general, leads to a slightly higher-cost operation exchanged -- in exchange for higher revenue. And I wondered if you could use some of the lessons that you learned there to tell us what you think the CASM hit might be over the next couple of years as you try to re-bank the United network.
Scott Kirby: Look, it does cost more to run a banked operation than otherwise. I think it's pretty small. It was a rounding error at American. It worked really well. It will work really well here. I would point at American to Dulles, which had all the craziness going on with the Wright Amendment and the growth of Spirit, all that just huge headwinds, and yet Dulles was outperforming consistently on PRASM quarter after quarter because of the higher levels of connectivity. So, I'm not sure what the CASM number will be, but I'm highly confident that the increase in revenue will more than offset the PRASM hit.
Darryl Genovesi: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Andrew, can you give some more color on what's in the other expense category these days? If we look at that as a total -- as a percentage of total operating expense or as a percentage of revenue, there's clearly some growth going on. It's a line item that now has overtaken consolidated fuel expense, for example. What's in there? And what's driving the growth?
Andrew Levy: Well, there's a lot of items in there, as you noted, Jamie. What we're seeing that's driving the growth in this particular quarter is IT, contracted labor, legal, timing of legal [Indiscernible], which is part of the increase year-over-year; maintenance services, which should be a variety of things, including software support. And also, food is in that line item, and that's also elevated significantly year-over-year, partly driven by the Polaris service launch that occurred at fourth quarter -- late fourth quarter of last year.
Jamie Baker: Okay, that's helpful. And second question for Scott. As we think about your normal market share in your hubs, and I recognize every hub is going to be different, but how does the -- I mean, does your 2020 margin goals specifically require a level of pricing power that's unattainable unless you increase share by, I don't know, more than 5%, 10%? I mean, basically, can you achieve your margin goal with domestic hub share below 50%, with the exception of Houston?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, I don't think of it as market share driving pricing power. I think of it more as 2 things: one, driving higher levels of connectivity. When we don't have these higher levels, we have lower levels of connectivity that's high yield [Technical Difficulty] that's completely missing from the network and just giving to your competitors. And second, places like -- let's just take Newark because I talk about it a lot. We have a Newark-based global services or 1K customer, and we started flying the regional jet to Atlanta and regional jets to Dulles and regional jets to Detroit. We pushed that global services customer, who is a high-yield customer, who booked at the last minute to fly on Delta and American in those markets. And beyond that, that customer used to just be a Newark-based customer that was on American -- or United Airlines' frequent flyer program and flew exclusively on United. But now, all of a sudden, anywhere they flew, they decided to go shop because we forced them to carry free frequent flyer cards in their wallet, and because of that, they're no longer global services because they didn't fly on United all the time. We lost those customers. So it's not about pricing power. It's about winning back the loyalty and giving a better product to our best customers so that they choose and want to fly United Airlines. And so -- go ahead.
Jamie Baker: No, go ahead, sorry. Sorry. 
Scott Kirby: I was just going to say restoring is not about gaining pricing power or anything like that. It's about creating the best product for our customers in those markets so that they'd want to choose to fly United exclusively.
Jamie Baker: All right. So, it's more about the quality of the ASMs that you add in your hub than just attaining a share number, in other words.
Scott Kirby: Absolutely.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Because I think that point is lost in a lot of investors, so I appreciate you clarifying it. I'm sorry. Did I cut you off, Oscar?
Oscar Munoz: No. I just wanted to -- I will go back a little bit to your question to Andrew with regards to the other expense category. I think it's important to note that Andrew specifically is leading an initiative to bring down cost in the company across the board, and we had some success in that, and that's what we'd committed. Additionally, with some of the components that we mentioned, I think we have to recognize that they're investments for the customer, right, what do you think of Polaris, what you think of the IT organization. Some of the tools that we rolled out already this year have had a significant level of improvement how we treat our customers. So, we'll continue to manage that and talk a little bit more of that specifically because you will see that cost trend potentially continue. But again, there's initiatives to offset it, plus it's getting a return with regards to our revenue and passenger loads. 
Jamie Baker: Three thoughtful answers. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Just two questions on the loyalty program, which hasn't gotten a lot of love today. So Scott, based on the disclosures that United provides around the economics of MileagePlus, it appears that the program is considerably less valuable than American. So American disclosed $1.9 billion marketing revenue in 2016, United disclosed $1.2 billion, American is expecting an incremental $800 million in EBIT by 2018 from the new credit card deal. You're expecting only 8 -- only $300 million. So structurally, is there a reason why United's business of selling miles to third parties is less valuable than American's? Or your disclosures understate the value you received?
Scott Kirby: I do think that we have different disclosure policies, and this is something we are going to work on. Andrew Levy is nodding his head at me. It's a big initiative for Andrew to figure out how we disclose this better. It's something that we are going to do -- or at least intent to. I think your simplistic analysis -- it would be hard for you to know because we put it in other lines, but isn't right. One thing it is right is that at the moment, Americas' growth rate is much higher. Delta's growth rate also is much higher from today's date. That's the bad news. The good news is, I believe that our partner -- partners at JPMorgan Chase understand that and understand how important it is to get us on the same growth trajectory. We've kind of had a reset of the relationship here in the past few months, and they've committed to getting us to have the same kind of growth rates. And look, we are actually to be growing faster. We're growing faster as an airline. We're growing our capacity faster and so we frankly, ought to be growing faster than those guys. That's not at all on JPMorgan Chase, a lot of that is at United, things like we weren't allowing them to offer the credit card to customers onboard. That's the best acquisition channel that American Airlines had. It was -- I've been told best acquisition channel with Delta and United wasn't doing. So, there are things that we can do to get our growth rates up. We're going need to do it in combination with Chase, but we look forward to getting that accelerated in the months and years to come.
Joseph DeNardi: So Scott, does that add some upside to what you laid out that Investor Day then?
Scott Kirby: There's nothing about that in the Investor -- assuming we're successful in that regard it would be upside.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. And then Andrew, I guess, what we have done is really just value the business you guys have of -- and other airlines of selling miles to third parties. But I'm just wondering if just bigger picture you can address the opportunity you see for the company just being able to better monetize the 90 million members you have in MileagePlus beyond just selling them air travel? I mean, this is a marketing company essentially. How much is each of those customers worth to you longer term beyond just selling them tickets?
Andrew Levy: Hey, Joe, let me go back to the first answer by the way. I think Scott hit the nail right on the head. We don't disclose the same way. If we did, the difference in valuation would be much -- or the difference in the numbers that you cited would be much smaller. And so as we mentioned, we're going to work to find a way to disclose this really valuable business in a way that people can understand better because it is unique and very attractive. I think the question you asked about driving incremental revenue, I don't think that's limited to simply MileagePlus members. We communicate with a lot of customers, we carry a lot of customers, we have a lot of this on the website. And we've talked a lot about different ways we can monetize or do a better job of monetizing the eyeballs that reach our website and the members of our mileage program and how to enhance our mileage program. So, I think that, that hasn't been the first priority. We're focused on the things we talked about at Investor Day, which were kind of foundational. But it is the focus of ours, and we've had a number of discussions and at some point, we will really put a lot more time and effort into backsliding the opportunity there, which we do agree with you it exist and is quite substantial but really hard to quantify it.
Joseph DeNardi: Thank you very much.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey good morning and thanks for taking my questions and Oscar, appreciate the comments. Accidents happen and I think your hard-working frontline in place probably deserve a little bit more credit than all the negative media attention. So hopefully, we can put this behind us. But from an investor perspective, I think, Scott, what folks are worried about here is that we saw the capacity increase domestically in the past month, one and a half. The concern here is that maybe we're a little bit more focused on market share than margins. You've benchmarked to Delta publicly. Their guidance for 2Q is a good bit ahead of you here although you are showing a lot of sequential improvement in 2Q as well. So, how can you re-ensure your investor base here that this capacity addition indeed is restructuring the network to help you capture that margin Delta and that we should be thinking this is going to be quite accretive as we move into 2018?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, we used the term -- I try to avoid actually market share and try to say natural share more often than market share because this is not a play to go get market share. This is really about restoring United to its natural share. And United get a lot -- took a lot of accidents in the past three to four years, which caused it to lose its natural share and which hurt its financials. And you guys used to get on this earnings call and beat them up about why aren't your financials good. And you gave them a cure for that, which was cut capacity, cut capacity, cut capacity and it just made the problem worse. And despite taking the same medicine quarter-after-quarter as the numbers got worse and worse and worse that was part of the problem when the airline was cutting capacity and taking regional jets out of places that set the network like Rochester, Minnesota and redeploying them in places like Newark to Atlanta, in order to keep capacity low. That was driving margins lower. And so I'm trying to be careful to say what we're doing is restoring United to its natural market share, to a position it was in the past, and it's working so far. I mean, it's actually working faster even than I would have thought, the fact that our guidance with this cutting capacity is for RASM up 1% to 3%. And by the way, we've got number of issues that are driving about -- our flown PRASM is actually higher than that. We've got some accounting issues that are going to be 50 to 70 basis points headwind in this quarter. Those are just the things that happened, but our core performance is even stronger. I mean, we just -- early on, we feel really good about how well this is working. It's logical. This is not trying to go invade someone's hub. This is about restoring United to where it should've been and we had some unforced errors. And we were double faulting and giving points to the competitors, and we've stopped double faulting and that, I think, is just going to be getting us back to our natural market share. I don't think it's disruptive. I wouldn't describe the reason that we're doing as disruptive. We're just returning to where United's natural market shares. We're going to be very careful to calibrate how it's working and how we're doing. We're only a few months into this, but I tell you, we're off to a really good start. We won't be perfect, we'll stumble. I mean we had a stumble last week in operations. We'll have stumbles on the commercial side, but we feel really good about the trajectory that we're on.
Oscar Munoz: And I would just add, Brandon, and reiterate what I think I said a couple of times publicly. This is a thoughtful approach with lots of team members involved. Andrew Nocella has just joined us, and joined the team and is really in charge of most of that day in and day out. So really thoughtful, but at the same time opportunistic because it is a unique opportunity as Scott outlined that we have and the list of opportunities continues to be a fairly large one, how we do it in a thoughtful balanced way is sort of the course of the day. But I can tell you that market share is not a conversation we have in this room or with our board, it is all about margin. And so, again, I just want to reiterate that point.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. Oscar, I appreciate that. But I think you even said it publicly before this is a not a shift in long-term strategy that United is about to grow capacity now at or above GDP. This is, indeed, a shift in the network, is that incorrect?
Oscar Munoz: I'm sorry? 
Scott Kirby: Yes, I think that's probably correct. I'm not sure I'd say exactly that. This is not an attempt to go build an empire and go win the market share. It is an attempt to restore United to its natural position. And once there, I would anticipate we will be growing in line with GDP. 
Brandon Oglenski: All right. Appreciate it.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora online. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi good morning everyone. Thank you for question. I guess, Scott, asking the capacity question another way, we can see there's a three to four percentage point pick up in your main line utilization in the back half of the year from June through December. This does put you ahead of where the other legacies are and kind of closer to your big LCC competition. Is there the ability to push this even -- is there the ability to push this even higher or you've kind of maxed out with where you are on the current fleet?
Scott Kirby: Okay, you're just talking about our utilization?
Andrew Didora: Yes, main line.
Scott Kirby: Yes, certainly in the back half of the year, if we wanted to, we could push utilization higher. The utilization is lower in the first and fourth quarters because demand is lower. And so we could push it higher, but -- and not -- to guarantee that we won't change it at all, but it's a much bigger hurdle. It's operationally easy to push it higher, it's financially harder to justify pushing it higher in off peak periods.
Andrew Didora: Got it. And then just -- haven't had much discussion on Trans-Atlantic, the numbers in 1Q and the 2Q guidance was actually much better than I was expecting given all the -- low-cost competition coming on. What have you -- what are some of the actions you've taken on the Trans-Atlantic to help offset some of this kind of new flying that's coming in?
Scott Kirby: So, at least for the Star Alliance and so forth, United and flying to the Star Alliance countries, we have not restructured pricing in those markets. And the Sky Team and Oneworld Alliance, pricing has been restructured and lowered. We keep track of the lowest published fares by AP across our whole system, and those aren't always selling fares because yield management bucket sell out at different airlines. But the Sky Team and Oneworld markets fares -- advance purchase fares are down, call it 20% to 30%. They're down about 10% in the Star Alliance markets because there are growth of low-cost carriers and other things that drive those down, but our pricing is much better in those markets than in the other markets. Now, of course, we carry a lot of revenue to those countries, we carry a lot of revenues in the U.K. and to Paris, so we're impacted by that. But we are less impacted by that. Also, at least, in this portion of the year, we're disproportionately selling U.S. point of sale and U.S. point of sale is really strong. I will caution you that as we move to the back half of the summer, the normal demand pattern shifts to European point-of-sale. And so I would expect RASM to be still be high-capacity. RASM to be under more pressure in the back half because once people starts going back to school here in the U.S., the second half of that peak summer season is really much more about Europeans coming to the U.S. and so I'd anticipate in the third quarter a little more weakness just given the European point-of-sale was weak -- was strong.
Andrew Didora: Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, a couple of quick questions for you. Just first, on your comments on restoring natural market share. What's the timeline to actually get that? Is that a one, two-year thing, a 10-year thing? How are you envisioning it?
Scott Kirby: I think we don't know yet, that's for TBD. And I don't think we can --- even if we could do a complete analysis and it just depends on what -- on how the markets evolving and how the new flying and new routes are going to be doing. It's really bottoms up analysis, We're not trying to do a top down and say, here's where we're going to be X years from now, we're doing bottoms up one by one, we're watching the performance of those routes as we up-guage them, or as we add new routes. And it's going to be a judgment that's based on how those things are doing when we get to the point where we're adding flying, and it's not margin accretive, then we'll know probably reach that point. But that's probably going to be the metric where we've decided we've reached that point.
Rajeev Lalwani: Okay. And post your decision to adjust your capacity for the year, what kind of response have you seen from some of your peers and some of the markets where you're at, or have you not seen any real response?
Scott Kirby: Look, it's -- we're trying to do it what's right for United Airlines. And because what I think we're doing is really about -- we're not trying to invade someone's market, or do -- we're not trying to create a competitive battle, we are trying to compete that I wouldn't have expected and haven't seen much response. I mean, look, take a market like Newark to Atlanta where 5 years ago, we flew 8 mainline flights or call it 150 seats per flight, and so we had 1,200 seats a day in that market. Delta flew 12 mainlines so you can call it 12x150, so they had 1,800 seats. We were 40% of the market; they were 60% of the market. We shot that down to 6 50-seat regional jets, so were down to 300. And so we were -- and Delta stayed at 1,800 that whole time. And so we were one seventh of the market from 40%. We've now quadrupled our capacity and gone back to 1,200 seats today. And we're back -- right back to where we were before. We're at 40% of the market. I think that's probably the natural share between Newark to Atlanta. Atlanta is a bigger hub with more connectivity and that 40-60 ratio is probably about right. Is it possible that Delta is going to decide to quadruple capacity and go for flying -- in every bank, they're already flying every bank, 12 flights today, are they going to try to fly 48 flights today? I doubt it. That hasn't happened. It wouldn't be rational. So I guess I'd say because of the kind of capacity that we're adding or we're re-upgauging, some of those hub-to-hub markets, and we're adding competitive capacity or adding capacity in places like Chicago to Rochester, Minnesota, we didn't anticipate a respond and we certainly don't think we've seen one. And that's about all we said now.
Rajeev Lalwani: If I could sneak in one quick one. Scott, you've provided some good color on the Trans-Atlantic market. How are you thinking about Asia?
Scott Kirby: Well, Asia has been the region under the most pressure because the capacity -- incredibly high growth in capacity. As we get to the second half of this year, we're through the bilateral, particularly to Beijing and Shanghai so capacity growth will moderate in those cities. There are still awful lot of capacity coming from secondary cities. So United is one of the first -- well, the only U.S. airlines -- one of the first airlines to the party and flying to those secondary cities. But it's -- that's going to continue to be a challenge, particularly with the kind of subsidies that people are getting to open up new routes out of China from secondary cities. But the core of China, which is really about Beijing and Shanghai looks like capacity will moderate in the back half of the year. So, we're hopeful that the Pacific PRASM will start to improve in the back half.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Hey, thanks. I was hoping to hear from Greg Hart. Is he on the line?
GregoryHart: Yes.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Hey Greg. As you're thinking about this plan to grow domestic capacity, nearly 6% in the June quarter, it would be great to hear from you, your level of involvement in that aggressive plans, what preparations you've made, what lead times look like for staffing and training. And then what gives you confidence that United historically more careful approach to utilization flying is now able to change?
Gregory Hart: Yes, thanks for the question, Duane. I would say that we've been working on our capability to do this sort of thing for years, and this isn't something we started working on over the past couple of months. We've been focused on developing systems processes, the health of our fleet and lots of other things to make sure that we had the capability to do this. My team has been involved, along with the finance team and Scott's team in every step of the way here and in fact, I feel really comfortable as does the rest of the team that we're going to be able to deliver on what we've committed to and our performance here before would suggest that we've got a great structure in place to allow us to do that. And of course, our employees are really excited about the opportunity to grow the airline again.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Okay, I appreciate that comment and that it was years in the making. It's -- it is keen to surprise your finance team for what it's worth when this first started to show up in the schedules. With respect to calibration which, I think, is the most interesting word I heard on this call, United has low relative margins. Those margins are still declining and the company's proposed solution to correcting that is a higher growth rate. So going back to Rajeev's question, how will you measure if that proposed solution is working? And I think investors deserve more than kind of a 4-year goal. What is the timeframe by which you'll measure if it's working that would lead to potential calibration?
Scott Kirby: Look, we're measuring today and our principal metrics are going to be absolute and relative margin. That doesn't mean quarter-to-quarter because there's going to be fuel price spikes and there's going to be fuel price decline and there's going to be timing of labor deals at our airline or other airlines. But we look at our relative and absolute margins, and we look at it over kind of a trailing 12-month period, and it adjust for things like fuel hedge losses. And those numbers look like we're doing a good job today, and we feel pretty confident. We believe that, that's going to work going forward. I mean, you look at least relative to Delta. In the first quarter, we had higher RASM, better CASM performance, so a lot of other moving pieces in that hedge losses and things that make the numbers a little hard to look at. But that would imply that we're closing the margin gap. Expect we will do so; continue to do so as we move through the rest of the year. And we just -- we feel really good about the path that we're on. We think we are moving towards sustainably closing both the absolute improvement in margins and relative to RASM gap, but that's what we're going to look at and we're not waiting for you to look at that, we're looking at that every day.
Oscar Munoz: And I would just cap it off with that that is big component of our long-term compensation plan.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From the Associated Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: Yes, good morning. This is for Oscar. I know you're talking about April 30, but I wonder if you could give any more light on what you're thinking about, and specifically are you considering in response to what happened last week on United Express, are you considering simply ending involuntary denied boardings with all the sales policy changes that, that entails.
Oscar Munoz: Hey David. We are looking at a broad array of issues that affected not only that situation or our broader customer experience. And so we are hard at work at that and have been for the last few days and I'll ask all of you to wait until that time when we talk about it.
David Koenig: You can't rule that in or out?
Oscar Munoz: I think I would rather wait until we've done the full work and then we'll report on it next week.
Operator: From Bloomberg News, we have Michael Sasso. Please go ahead.
Michael Sasso: Yes. There's certainly was some conjecture that somebody could lose his job over the situation last week. Can you say at the board level or in the management level, was there any of that founded? Was there ever talk of anyone losing their job within management, lower down?
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. Michael, the buck stops here, and I'm sure, there was lots of conjecture about me personally. I think I've met with the board and the board has met independently and we've had fulsome conversations that I'll be involved in some of that work that we're doing, going forward as well as they always have been. I have issued the letter of support, but to your specific question, again, it was a system failure across various areas. So no, there was never a consideration for firing an employee or anyone around it.
Operator: From THE STREET, we have Ted Reed. Please go ahead.
Ted Reed: Thank you. Speaking about changes comparisons with Delta. Delta always says they have a revenue premium. This could -- they said 108%. Do you have a revenue premium to the airline industry?
Scott Kirby: Well, Ted, I hate that metric because if we calculate the numbers here at United, yes, we have a revenue premium and yes, it's higher even than Delta. American also, by the way, when I got there said they had a revenue premium. Because everyone makes all these adjustments to the numbers on stage length and density and a whole bunch of other stuff and so with all the caveats everyone calculates that they have a revenue premium. I think margin is what matters. You can make your revenue premium go up by taking a row of seats off airplanes, for example, and that makes your RASM get higher. You could fly only first class seats on airplanes, and that will make your RASM higher and we give you a revenue premium and have a real cost problem. And so I think looking at margin, we are focused on margin, in closing the margin gap and improving our absolute and relative margin. 
Ted Reed: All right. I would also like to ask there was this reaction in China to the incident. Have you seen any impact on China bookings because of that incident last week?
Scott Kirby: We've only had a few days and it's a small numbers problem. There's a lot of volatility in bookings for point-of-sale China, so it's really too early for us to say anything about it.
Oscar Munoz: And Ted, it's Oscar. I would add that there certainly has been some sentiment and I did visit with the Chinese Consulate here locally to discuss that with them. And I will be heading out there in a couple weeks to have further conversations with customers and related governmental officials.
Ted Reed: You mean in reaction to this, you're going to make a China trip?
Oscar Munoz: No, it's been a trip that was planned for some time. There was a lot of other activities going on. It's just a normal travel that I'll do as we run a fairly global airline and we have lots of occasions and employees out there as well as customers.
Ted Reed: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And from CNN, we have John (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning. A question about -- you just spoke about corporate customers earlier. How are you seeing an effect at all on leisure customers and in the overall trends in the wake of last week's incident?
Scott Kirby: Again, it's really too early for us to tell anything about bookings and in particular last week because it was the week before Easter, that's normally a very low booking period, so we just really don't have any quantifiable data. Our forecast for the quarter didn't change at all. We do a weekly forecast that stays to the tenth of a percent exactly the same as it was before, but it's just really hard for us to look at data in the week before Easter and have a good view of whether there was a measurable bookings impact or not?
Oscar Munoz: And John, I would just add that I've sent out a personal note to a person who is legit, intimate things you can sent to hundreds of thousands of people but to our -- at least at this point, to our most loyal customers and the response rate has been pretty high and positive. Obviously, a lot of people have ideas and thoughts about how we can make things better. But in that particular segment of our highest end customers, there's been a lot of support.
Unidentified Analyst: And Oscar, in that same vein, I mean, your rival in September 2015 really focused on a creating more employee-focused culture. I'm curious just kind of to go back to the early parts of last week and your comments about emphatically supporting employees. And that statement seems to rile people up more in regards to the characterization around Dr. Dao's behavior. I just want to kind of go back and kind of get inside your head for how you were trying to walk a line between your relations with your employees and your relations with your customer, and if you feel you got that balance right early in the week and how you kind of felt you need to make a pivot later in the week?
Oscar Munoz: Thanks. Listen, customers have always been first, but I think the evolution of our company, we needed to regain the trust of our employees first before they can do that. And if you think about -- your question about what's in my head and why it was important to support our employees as well as keep customer focus is that customer service at the end of the day, is not about a policy or a procedure or a tool, it's about values, human values, and that we cannot lose because if I lost that with that many thousands -- tens of thousands of employees, we'd be in a very much more difficult situation. So as far as I look at it, it's about values, not protocol.
Operator: And finally from Flightglobal, we have Edward Russell. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: Andrew, I wanted to ask a bit more about the 12 737 that are purchased off lease. I was wondering if you can break down with the variants are 700, 800, 900 and who the lessors were that you purchased this from?
Andrew Levy: The aircraft were split evenly between 737-700s and 737-800s and the seller was GECAS.
Edward Russell: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Levy: Thanks.
Julie Yates Stewart: All right, thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Julie Yates Stewart - Managing Director, Investor Relations Oscar Munoz - Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby - President Andrew Levy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Savanthi Syth - Raymond James David Vernon - Bernstein Joseph DeNardi - Stifel & Nicolaus & Co. Kevin Crissey - Citigroup Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Darryl Genovesi - UBS Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc. Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Susan Carey - Wall Street Journal David Koenig - Associated Press Michael Sasso - Bloomberg News Edward Russell - FlightGlobal Ted Reed - TheStreet
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter 2016. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Julie Stewart, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information on yesterdays release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie, and welcome to the United family. Pleased to have you here and thank you all for joining us on our call this morning. Our fourth quarter financial and operating performance capped what we think is an outstanding year for our airline. In 2016, we we put into action our plan to become the best airline in the world and last years results demonstrate were well on our way to achieving that goal. We plan to continue delivering on this commitment by investing in employees, elevating our customer experience and driving strong and consistent returns for our shareholders. If you turn to Slide 4, lets review the year. We reported pre-tax earnings of $4.5 billion with a pre-tax margin of 12.2%, both excluding special items. For the year, we earned $8.65 per share, a 13% increase over 2015, adjusting for book taxes as a result of $2.6 billion of share repurchases in the year. Before going into greater detail on the financial results, I want to review key accomplishments in the year, which was a year of transmission for us here at United. Notably, we ratified new industry-leading labor agreements for all United employee groups, starting a new chapter in how we build a partnership between management and labor while driving higher employee engagement. We also continue to build upon an industry-leading leadership team, a critical step forward in our progress as an agile and innovative leader in the industry. We delivered significant improvements operationally, substantially increasing our reliability and customer satisfaction, as well as achieving the best on-time performance in our history and delivering the most zero cancelation days ever. We opened several new international routes to key growing markets, introduced the new United Polaris service, the biggest product innovation for us in more than a decade. And importantly, we outlined the future direction of our company at our November Investor Day, laying out a longer-term plan for earnings growth through a number of strategic initiatives across the airline that we expect to generate significant improvements by the year 2020. I couldnt go on without personally thanking all of our employees for their hard work and commitment in achieving these milestones. More recently, Id like to extend my gratitude for the great work that was done during the busy holiday season. And so with a shared purpose comes shared success, and of course, with that success comes a shared benefit. So Im pleased to announce that due to our strong financial performance, United employees will be able to share in the success as we payout $628 million in profit-sharing for the year. Above all, I believe weve begun to change the conversation about United from the question whats wrong to an optimistic whats next and that has been the most powerful change of all. With that, let me turn over to our President, Scott Kirby.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar. Id like to start by thanking our employees for their hard work over a busy holiday season. In 2016, the United team delivered new all-time records for departure performance, arrival performance, completion factor and baggage handling. Over the holidays, we also set new all-time records for essentially all of our operating metrics and the people of United played a critical role in connecting family and friends during the holidays. In order to continue improving operational performance in 2017, our top focus will be on further improvements in completion factor and departure performance. Turning to revenue, our consolidated PRASM declined 1.6% for the quarter. We outperformed our guidance as we went through the quarter, given stronger than expected business traffic in December. If were going to miss our guidance range, we certainly prefer to miss like this on the upside. In our view, both the demand and the pricing environment got meaningfully better post-election and that strong demand trend, particularly for business travel continued through the fourth quarter and on into the first quarter. Looking forward, we anticipate first quarter consolidated PRASM to be flat at the midpoint of our guidance range, marking the fourth straight quarter of second derivative improvement. We saw strong within-quarter growth in the Atlantic, Latin, and domestic regions. The only region that didnt outperform our original expectations was the Pacific driven by significant capacity growth from both the industry and United. During the first quarter, were currently forecasting flat to up domestic unit revenue growth. We expect the Atlantic and Pacific roughly similar year-over-year first quarter PRASM as we saw in the fourth quarter. We expect Latin PRASM to be up, but currently expected to be slightly less than what was in the fourth quarter based on the Easter shift and the fact that our Latin comps get a little harder in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. Turning to our 2017 capacity outlook, we expect our first quarter capacity growth to be up 1% to 2% consistent with our full-year 2017 capacity guidance provided at Investor Day. As shown in Slide 9, we expect that growth to be biased towards higher domestic growth. On Slide 10, we have provided a brief update on some of our near-term commercial initiatives. Were working on the network changes and expect to begin implementing changes in Chicago, Houston, and New York later this year. Were excited to be rolling out later  Basic Economy later this quarter for travel beginning in the second quarter and our new Polaris product has been a hit with customers and were excited and anxious to continue the Polaris rollout as quickly as we can. And finally, we continue to work hard on the revenue management system. In conclusion, it sure feels like the revenue environment turned the corner in the first  in the fourth quarter and assuming that continues, we are looking forward to positive PRASM for 2017. With that, Ill turn the call over to Andrew to go over the financial results.
Andrew Levy: Thanks, Scott. Yesterday afternoon, we released our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings, as well as our first quarter Investor Update. Ill discuss both our results and outlook today at a high level, but please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 12 shows a summary of our GAAP financials, and Slide 13 has non-GAAP or our economic results. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.78, up 8.5% year-over-year on a tax-adjusted basis. For the full-year, we earned $8.65 per share, which is a 13% increase year-over-year again on a tax-adjusted basis. Excluding special items, we generated $4.5 billion of pre-tax income, basically flat compared with 2015, and a 12.2% margin, which was slightly higher than the 11.9% margin reported in 2015. Slide 14 details our cost performance in the fourth quarter and full-year 2016. While labor rate increases created upward cost pressure. We did a very good job managing the rest of our cost to a flat core CASM growth, which exceeded our initial internal expectations. Turning to our 2017 cost outlook on Slide 15, we expect our first quarter non-fuel unit costs, excluding special items, profit-sharing, and third-party expenses to increase between 4.5% and 5.5%, with 4 points of this growth due to the ratified labor agreements for 2016. Our 2017 full-year guidance of 3.5% to 4.5% non-fuel unit cost growth is unchanged. We expect core cost growth to be less than 1% in 2017 by meeting the cost savings targets, as highlighted at our Investor Day. Based on guidance, weve provided for costs and revenues in the first quarter of 2017, we expect our pre-tax margin, excluding special items to be between 1.5% and 2.5%. Please note, our first quarter is historically our weakest quarter of the year, which is due to the structure of our route network. In addition, this years first quarter is even tougher, as it will be a high watermark in terms of non-fuel unit cost growth due to the timing of labor rate increases and the pressure were seeing from materially higher fuel costs. Turning to Slide 16, we ended 2016 with $5.8 billion of unrestricted cash, including our $1.35 billion revolver, which remains untapped. As of the end of the year, our gross debt balance, including capitalized operating leases was $16.5 billion, about $600 million less than at the end of 2015. In 2016, we generated $5.5 billion of operating cash flow and $2.2 billion of free cash flow. Maintaining a strong balance sheet remains the top strategic priority. During 2016, we invested $2.6 billion to repurchase 15 million shares at an average price of approximately $52 per share. In the fourth quarter, we invested $156 million, repurchasing our shares at an average of $59 per share. Since the beginning of our share repurchase program in 2014, weve invested over $4 billion, purchasing approximately 80 million shares, which has reduced our outstanding shares by approximately 20%. We currently have just over $1.8 billion remaining of repurchase authority and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders. With respect to CapEx, were reiterating our 2017 guidance to capital expenditures of between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion, with approximately $1.1 billion from non-aircraft CapEx. Please note our aircraft CapEx is elevated this year as we have 15 widebody deliveries scheduled. We have secured financing for all, but a few mainline aircraft deliveries in 2017 through the two EETC transactions we concluded last year and are currently exploring options to finance the 24 Embraer 175 aircraft, which will deliver during this year. Regarding our fleet, we maintain flexibility and are further exploring, both our widebody and narrowbody fleets and order book plans. Last week, we announced our plans to move up by one year the retirement of our 747 fleet. This decision was mostly driven by our desire to simplify our operations where possible and enhance fleet and operational reliability. We will now retire all 20 remaining 747s by year-end, but theres no change to capacity or CapEx, as a result of the earlier retirement timeline. Our 14 new 777-300ERs, two of which we accepted in December of 2016 and the remaining, which will come in the first-half of 2017 will essentially backfill the 747 capacity and routes. As we refine our fleet needs and explore how best to achieve them, were actively seeking opportunities in the used aircraft market. Our fleet review is a work in progress and we will update you later this year when we have something to share. In conclusion, 2016 was a very good year for United as seen in our financial metrics. Moving to 2017, we have challenges in the resetting of our labor agreements, as well as higher fuel costs. However, as we believe, we have great opportunities as outlined at our Investor Day and we look forward to beginning to execute on those plans. Ill now turn it back to Oscar for closing remarks.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Andrew. Let me just close by saying, were excited about 2017. We have the strategy and certainly the structure in place to deliver on all our commitments to not only employees and customers, but to you as investors as well. So with that, lets turn it over to Julie and well get to Q&A.
Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Oscar. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from media. But please limit yourself to one question and as need one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, Julie, and the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, good morning. Thank you. Scott, is the share system giving you the tools that you need to execute the vision for United in both the immediate term and the long-term? And is it a permanent solution for United, or is an RFP for a new PSS inevitable at some point in the next one to three years?
Scott Kirby: Shares is a good fundamental foundation and architecture. We can make it a lot better for our people by putting a better front-end on it. But it is our reservation system. Its not limiting anything we do from a revenue perspective or anything like that. Its just sometimes a little clunkier to use for our people than some  than perhaps we can make it. We have a number of systems where our IT team now that theyre through the integration work is hard at work on actually making the interfaces easier for people to use. But you shouldnt expect us to be changing shares and its not a limiting factor for us at all.
Hunter Keay: Great. Thank you. And then also for you, Scott, as you forge ahead with sort of a top to bottom review of how things are done at United, how are you thinking about, again, this is a near-term and long-term question about the business relationship that you guys have with your GDS providers? And the specific question is, do you envision a scenario at some point in the next couple of years, where you continue to disaggregate your services and maybe push towards a partial content agreement with, at least, one major GDS provider? Is that something that you would really highly value in the medium-term as something you think you can get? Thanks.
Scott Kirby: Im not a 100% sure how the situation will evolve. Theres the potential for GDSes to be partners, that has to be a balanced relationship if theyre going to be partners. It historically hasnt been what I would describe as a partnership, its been a lot more one way. We do have more and more customers coming directly to us. But we recognize that there are some things that some of our customers like to use the GDS for. In an ideal world, wed get to a balanced relationship, where the GDSes were fairly compensated for what they add, but that it was fairly compensated and the customers actually had the choice of whether to go direct or whether to use the GDS. I think its also incredibly important. One of the big things that were going to be pushing on in the near-term is to get adequate disclosure to our customers when they buy through GDS. So were going to be rolling out Basic Economy later this quarter and starting travel in the second quarter. To me, the most important thing that were going to need to do on that is communicate to our customers. And I assure you, on united.com, were going to have a very clear communications about what the rules and restrictions are. And I think its going to be really hard to go through and buy on united.com and not know exactly what the rules and restrictions are. We want all of our other entities that sell United tickets to do the same thing. And we want customers to know for sure what theyre buying and the GDSes can play an important role in that, hasnt historically been the top of their investment list, but we need them to do that. And if we can create a relationship, where theyre effectively communicating that and we have a cost structure that is fair and balanced, I think we can continue to evolve on the path that were on, but and actually that with those caveats.
Oscar Munoz: And this is Oscar, Id just add on, over the course of the year, this conversation has been going on with many other partners in our distribution process with regards to how we want to move forward together with the emphasis on together and with the end customer in mind as well. And so you will see some evolution and changes going forward, but again all with an open amicable conversational sort of tone as we move forward in our partnership.
Hunter Keay: Thats great. Helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott, youve called out the Easter impact, I think when you were talking about LatAm PRASM.
Scott Kirby: Yes.
Michael Linenberg: What is it across the system? What is the impact on a network basis? How should we think about that the way Easter falls this year?
Scott Kirby: I think wed say that the Easter impact is probably about  for the quarter about 30 basis points negative. My guess is, its going to be 40 basis points positive for the second quarter, something like that. Having Easter fall on April hurts the first quarter revenue a little bit, but helps the second quarter more. The impact is bigger  that impact is a bigger shift for Latin than for the other entities, domestic is also reasonably big. But its not a huge issue either way.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, very good. And then just with respect to the moves in FX, what was that impact on the Pacific in the fourth quarter? Do you have that? And how does that potentially change in the March quarter, because weve seen a lot of Pacific currencies go the wrong way, where I feel like
Scott Kirby: Yes.
Michael Linenberg: some of the Latin currencies have gone the right way over the last four or five months?
Scott Kirby: So I dont have a perfect  a really good number for you here. But I think it was about a 1.5 point negative impact in the fourth quarter, and I dont have a number for what the first quarter would be. But obviously, the stronger dollar is going to be the negative and thats been bigger in the Pacific than other regions.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess this is for Oscar or Scott. Can you just give us an idea of line of sight on margin improvement, because I think the volatility is obviously hurting investor views of airline stocks right now? So obviously with fuel down the last two  couple of years, youve had very high margins. We know the resets in the labor contracts. But can you talk about your expectations for the interactions on some of these operational improvements and revenue and commercial improvements in the system and when you think you can get back to those levels of profitability?
Oscar Munoz: Hey, Brandon, this is Oscar. Ill just kick it off real quickly and probably hand it over to Andrew to just quickly recap and remind what we talked about at our Investor Day that we have more than several initiatives with regards to our margin improvement and the aspiration again to be leading in that space by the year 2020. So Scott, Andrew, maybe you can just remind him of a couple of the items that were working through?
Andrew Levy: Yes, I mean, I think you mentioned a couple of specific items, including operational integrity and the benefits thereof. And I think that everything, as Oscar mentioned, were pushing down the path that we outlined at Investor Day, and were making progress and doing what we said wed do. Obviously, a lot of these are longer lead time items. And were kind of at the very beginning stages of beginning to execute on them and we expect to see a lot of positives that come from that.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, broader conversation that will ensue, I think as we discussed as a team is, someone like me coming from the outside with regards to PRASM and CASM and the focus on that at various times. I have to say the last time I checked businesses run on, at the end of the day margins and thats something were really focused on. So hopefully, that gives you a little clarity or at least support in that, thats kind of our focus on improving margin. Thanks, Brandon.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savanthi Syth online. Please go ahead.
Savanthi Syth: Hey, good morning. Just on the Pacific, another question. I understand that FX is an unknown headwind, but I was wondering what your expectations are for the performance in that entity as we go through this year, when we might see some of those supply issues kind of moderate and maybe might get to positive PRASM there?
Scott Kirby: So, youre right. I think the supply issues are bigger than the current issues. And supply gets better in the  a little bit better in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter and then second quarter gets better again and we expect the third and fourth quarters to get better. So the first-half of the year is going to have a lot of supply pressure. But the bilaterals, the amount of flying available, at least, from Beijing and Shanghai to the U.S. from China is  and the China bilateral is done, is filled by the time we get to the first-half of the year. So our expectation is that things will start to improve all else equal in the second-half. I dont know for sure well turn to positive PRASM, but certainly the second derivative will  should be a positive  should be positive just from a supply perspective moving forward.
Savanthi Syth: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful. And if I  along those same lines on the Atlantic side, I know much has been said about ULCCs. But it seems like and maybe one of your partners, Air Canada, is adding a lot of or has a lot of goals for the Transatlantic and wanting to be kind of a connecting hub and is adding a lot of capacity. Is that  at what  I mean, is that an issue and at what point do you need to respond to that?
Scott Kirby: I think Im going to not be able to answer that question very directly, because we compete with across the board. We need to be competitive with everyone. Sometimes those airlines need to be competitive with our partners, sometimes theyre not. And we are sensitive to anyone, thats a competitive threat issue for us and we will be aggressive about competing with all of them. But I cant talk specifically about anything were planning to do with regard to Air Canada.
Savanthi Syth: All right. Got it. Well, thank you.
Operator: From Bernstein, we have David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Andrew, I guess, I was wondering if you could provide a little commentary around where youre expecting free cash flow to end up this year relative to the $2.2 billion last year and how much of the buyback you think you can get done in 2017?
Andrew Levy: Well, we provided you a CapEx estimate for this year, but were not going to provide you with a full-year earnings target. So Im not sure, I can really answer that question. As far as repurchase of shares, as I mentioned, were committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. Were certainly not going to kind of telegraph how were going to do that as far as the pace or the price or anything of that nature. But we do remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. We have $1.8 billion of authority remaining and we expect to execute all that. I dont know if it will all be in 2017 or not, I think it just depends on a variety of factors.
David Vernon: Would you be willing to supplement some of the free cash from operations with a little more leverage, or are you comfortable with where the balance sheet is right now?
Andrew Levy: Were very comfortable with where the balance sheet is in general. I wouldnt close the door out on being opportunistic in the debt market. Were always going to remain opportunistic. But we think that our balance sheet is very good. It has improved a great deal. Were very happy where it is. And I wouldnt expect to see any significant changes to the composition of the capital structure.
David Vernon: Okay. And then maybe just one last one on the retirement of the 747s. Are you expecting any sort of meaningful cost tailwind from that as you kind of close out that fleet type in 2018, or any sort of write-down that would follow that, or is it going to be kind of more normal course and folded into normal cost inflation?
Andrew Levy: No, theres not going to be any incremental write-down expense, at least, I mean very small perhaps. But for the most part, weve already accelerated depreciation of that asset, and so the change from this year to next year is pretty immaterial. As far as tailwinds, look, I think that modern equipment is far more efficient and thats part of the reason were making the decision were making is not only for efficiency, but also the operational reliability, which has an effect on both revenue and cost that should be positive by retiring those aircraft and replacing them with modern equipment. So I think youre right thats probably a 2018 benefit that well see as we continue to fly these aircraft through the third, or I guess, through the third quarter, end of the fourth quarter this year.
David Vernon: Excellent. Thanks a lot for your time, guys.
Andrew Levy: Thanks.
Oscar Munoz: Before we go to the next one, I just want to provide some additional color, I guess, with regards to part of Davids question with regards to sort of forecast or guidance. At United, were focused on transparency. Guidance in itself will take many forms and it will serve a purpose for us, bare with us as we sort of come together on the things that we think are important for you to understand and know about us, well provide those. In the areas that we dont think its as critical, we will not provide that guidance. Just from a standpoint, I think, as Andrew said, we want to be opportunistic in certain things like repurchases. But also we want to make sure that were running the best possible business at all times for the value of shareholders and sometimes guidance gets in a way of that. So you know the story. Again transparency is our objective and focus. You are not always going to get the specific guidance that you want. So just a broad statement. Turn it back over to you.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joe DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Yes, thanks. Oscar, to that point, I guess and maybe this is a question for Scott or Andrew. Just looking at your Investor Day slides, youve got MileagePlus adding about $650 million in EBIT cumulatively by 2018 and that compares to 2015. I would imagine that out of all the initiatives there is probably the most visibility into the credit card. My question is can you tell us what the starting EBIT number was for 2015. How much did MileagePlus contribute to EBIT in 2015?
Scott Kirby: No, we arent going to disclose that.
Oscar Munoz: That one is just a no.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Can I ask, I guess, what are the obvious reasons? If youve got this segment of the business thats enormously profitable and you are trying to convince investors that the airline is different and the earnings and cash flow are more sustainable, why not help us understand the aspect of the business that is vastly different now than it was 10 years ago?
Andrew Levy: I think, Joe, this is Andrew. That is something that were certainly has been  something Ive been talking about since I joined the company. Its  MileagePlus is incredibly powerful very valuable. Were not at this point in time ready to disclose the types of information that youre looking for, doesnt mean we may not get there, but were not going to get there today on this call. We do agree its a real important part of our business and we share your view that it is perhaps underappreciated by investors. So agree in general with your thesis and well see as we move ahead as to how we want to approach that.
Joseph DeNardi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Citigroup, we have Kevin Crissey online. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: Good morning, everybody. Looking at your core unit costs, excluding newly ratified agreements, which is a quasi-new metric, if we look at the things that your costs exclude  so it excludes fuel, labor deals, third-party business, profit-sharing and special charges, it doesnt leave that much left. So if I look at like ownership costs, whether it be rent or depreciation, landing fees, maintenance, distribution and the big category of other, what would you say of that core group of expenses, what is the natural inflation rate and youve guided to what your inflation  unit inflation rate is here? And what is it that you are doing in those line items to have that core inflation rate be lower than it would be if it were just naturally inflating, because I think like depreciation not having a particularly high inflation rate, aircraft rent maybe less so, landing fees kind of out of your control? What is it in your control within that core unit cost, excluding newly ratified agreements? Thanks.
Andrew Levy: Yes, to comment on the cost ex this that and the other, keep in mind the third-party is a very small number. Profit-sharing, we like to strip out and show it just because it can move fairly materially, so we like to try to highlight that. This year, were trying to kind of isolate the labor cost agreements, or the labor agreements and the cost associated with it just because it is a pretty significant cost driver for the year. So as far as all the remaining cost attributes, I dont think I give you a natural rate of inflation in total. I just havent thought of it that way. Were going after every single line item that we believe, where we can become more efficient whether its maintenance, whether its station operations. Youre right landing fees, we dont control. But to some extent, as you upguage typically that drives a positive effect in terms of profitability although it maybe a little higher on landed weight, certainly airport facilities cost, were trying to find ways, we can be more efficient. Distribution, same thing, Scott, touched on that earlier. So there are a lot of opportunities there that that were going after. Overall, if you exclude the items noted, were expecting CASM growth in 2017 to be effectively flat, which were very, very confident and been able to achieve that. And we expect to hopefully continue down that path in future years as well. I think we talked about that a little bit at Investor Day.
Kevin Crissey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Daniel McKenzie: Oh, hey, good morning. Thanks, guys. Andrew, circling back on the balance sheet, could you update us on the principle debt that comes due this year? Just based on the last data point I have, it seems leverage should increase somewhat this year. But just setting this year aside, how should we think about that leverage, kind of the gross leverage trajectory over the coming one to three years?
Andrew Levy: Dan, were trying to identify the actual principle repayment amount for this year. Pardon me, I think $850 million, yes, about $850 million. Youre right by the way though, we do expect that it probably will increase this year as we take all these aircraft that are coming due, much of the purchase price greater than half is going to be financed with debt that will go in the balance sheet. And we have a few debt instruments that would be coming due over the balance of the next few years secured  of an unsecured line, excuse me, actually two unsecureds and a term loan. But those are not due for another due to 2018 or 2019. So youre directionally right though that we will be adding a little bit of leverage just a type two aircraft deliveries and the financing of those assets.
Daniel McKenzie: I see. And then from the investor update, it looks like United is going to continue to retire the 50-seat RJs here, and thats a continuing theme. Any perspective you can give us on sort of the pace or rate of these 50-seat RJs as we get past 2017? It seems like the fleet restructuring part of the story, the densification, is an important part of the story here. Im just wondering if you can give us a little bit more perspective on how we should think about that.
Oscar Munoz: Dan, Ill start maybe Scott can add onto it. We  just to clarify, we do not intend to retire the 50-seat fleet. We are decreasing the number of 50-seaters. But we believe the 50 seater has a long-term place in our network. As we look at our fleet plan, I talked about narrowbodies and widebodies, the regional aircraft is part of that equation as well. Were looking at what is the optimal number of 50-seaters. We know the optimal number of 70, 76-seaters is maxing out our scope clause limitations, which we talked about at our Investor Day. And we are also in the process of getting out of the smaller regional jet 37-seaters, which some of which are leaving this year and some of which, I believe are leaving next year. So more to come on that on fleet, as we continue our valuation of the network in the fleet that we need in order to optimize our profitability and well update you as soon as we have more share and thats good, yes.
Daniel McKenzie: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: All right. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for the time. Hey, Oscar, in the middle of last year, you had announced the start of a comprehensive hub-and-spoke review. Should we think of that as for all intents and purposes now being done and incorporated into Scotts message from the Investor Day, or is that something thats still ongoing?
Oscar Munoz: I think there was an initial thrust to get a lot of the facts and data and sort of a general sense of direction. I think the new team has been working with that as a base. And I think while it never is actually culminating because we are always in a dynamic world. I think, Scotts latest version of it is probably the more specific focus were taking right now.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. So I guess the  if I could call it a conclusion, the conclusion would be that the current up-structure is  it already is optimal based on everything you know today?
Scott Kirby: Yes. I suspect youre trying to ask are we going to close a hub and the answer is no.
Oscar Munoz: No.
Darryl Genovesi: Okay. And then I guess just a quick one for Andrew. Would you provide the year-end pension deficit and also the NOL balance?
Andrew Levy: Yes, the NOL balance at year-end 2016 was approximately $4.3 billion, and the pension unfunded amount at the end of 2016 was approximately $1.8 billion.
Darryl Genovesi: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Andrew Levy: Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thanks for the time. Scott, a couple of quick ones for you. One, just on Basic Economy being rolled out here in the coming months for you and the folks over at American. How impactful could something like that be to the environment?
Scott Kirby: Well, if you go back to our Investor Day commentary, which we think segmentation, this year is going to be worth $250 million, and we have good at $550 million for next year and going to a $1 billion by 2020. My personal view is those numbers are conservative, so that were going to be better than that. But thats our  that remains our official forecast, nothing has happened because as to change that anyway.
Rajeev Lalwani: Okay. And then that $250 million or so, thats mostly just Basic Economy this year, or is some of the other stuff coming into play?
Scott Kirby: Correct.
Rajeev Lalwani: Okay.
Scott Kirby: Thats all Basic Economy this year.
Rajeev Lalwani: It is? Great. And then Scott, youve historically done a very, I guess, honest job of providing your view on positive PRASM and so on. Seems like were there today. Do you think its sustainable as you look forward? Can you continue to get better and what are some of the biggest risk items that you are keeping an eye on to make sure that that path remains?
Scott Kirby: Well, look, it feels like we are on a really good path that  it helps to me like there was an inflection point after the election for business demand. Business demand really got stronger virtually across the board. If you combine that with the world where fuel prices are going up, and I think a lot of airlines then start raising fares. So the pricing environment has improved  is improving. At the same time, I expect thats going to continue. Theres lots of unknown risks that are out there. Well see what happens with the economy and with confident post-transition, post-migration and transition. We certainly feel good today. But our  and our outlook is really based on the world continue to look much like it does today and assuming that happens. I think were going to be a positive PRASM this quarter, certainly next quarter, things would be better in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis and then again  to get again on the third quarter, I think better. Fourth quarter comps are a little harder, but were pretty optimistic about the year, as we look out. And as Basic Economy rolls in, it will start to even overcome, I think, some of those comp issues, where the comps get harder by the fourth quarter, the Basic Economy will be a countervailing balance to that. So kind of sitting here today, I think each quarter is going to continue to get better. Well see second derivative improvement throughout the year.
Rajeev Lalwani: Very helpful as always. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning, everybody. Scott, in the fourth quarter, you outperformed Delta RASM in each of your operating divisions, but based on the first quarter guide, you expect that trend to reverse despite having easier comps in Q1 relative to Q4. So whats driving that reversal and is it possible that both airlines can be correct with their guides, or do you view them as fundamentally at odds with one another?
Scott Kirby: Yes. So first, I would disagree with the statement that, were expecting to do worse than Delta in the next quarter. So I recognize our two guidance points are there, which gets to another point. I mean, in this industry and on calls like this, we spent a lot of time focused on our forecast of guidance and the two point PRASM ranges that all of us get. I bet if you go back and look at history, I bet we miss it 40% of the time. The reason is, because we dont have good visibility into the balance of the quarter. Now, I will just give you a little bit of perspective on it. In the fourth quarter, when we were on our earnings call, our, our booked RASM for December was down something like 18% to 19%. So we were 18% to 19% behind, and we were forecasting that we were going to end the month down to 4, thats calendar  day/week adjusted by the way, so it doesnt tie to other peoples calendar numbers. We actually ended the month down about 1.5%, that was a big swing. But when you are down 19% at the time of the earnings call and youre getting down to 4%, and you say will I actually be down 1.5% or it would be down 7.5%, thats hard to know.
Jamie Baker: Okay.
Scott Kirby: And we have poor visibility. In the fourth quarter, we were assuming that December was going to be the weakest  weaker than October, at least, and it turned out to be better. Delta said on their earnings call for the fourth quarter that they were assuming December was going to be the best, which was different and we turned out to have -- Delta turned out in the fourth quarter to be right on the trajectory and we wound up outperforming them. My guess is the same will hold true this quarter. Our current forecast is that January is the best month and that March is the weakest month. March, by the way, is booked 15% behind on PRASM right now. The good news is yield is booked ahead and we are behind on load factor and we are expecting to make that up and get back to close to flat, but there is a lot of room left to go between here and there. So my guess is that the real answer to your question is, we are not very good at forecasting, because the data is more variable than we would all like to believe. I would add one other point, that is you sort of hit on it by going by region. Its interesting to look mathematically at the results for us in the fourth quarter versus Delta, where we beat them on the domestic RASM by 1.5 points, in the Atlantic by 3.1, in the Pacific by 3 and in Latin America by 2.1 points, but overall only by 1.1 points. Thats a little frustrating and it really speaks to the fact that just our geography is different. We have less exposure to Latin America, more to the Pacific. That trend is going to continue in the first quarter and probably into the second quarter. The good news is, I think that starts to reverse in the third and fourth quarters and the Pacific hopefully will start to outperform. We will be overlapping Latin America. But our core performance  in the fourth quarter, we were, in each region, between 1.5 and 3 points better. And hopefully, well produce similar results in the first quarter, but we will see.
Jamie Baker: Excellent. I appreciate that. I sense that I may have hit a nerve with that, but the response is very disclosive and very useful. The second question on margins and maybe this is for you Scott, maybe for Andrew. But, as you know, there was no relative improvement in the fourth quarter. Youre not guiding for any relative improvement to either Delta or the industry in the first quarter, thats fine. The Street actually has your margin gap to Delta getting about twice as bad in 2017. So its  the question is, is it still Uniteds position that we should view 2017 as a transition year? You should be excused from margin mediocrity, or does your plan envision any second-half relative margin strengthening?
Scott Kirby: Jamie, you are trying to rub nerves.
Jamie Baker: Me?
Scott Kirby: What I would say is, first, in 2016, you strip out fuel hedging, so you strip out the fact that Delta lost a bunch of money last year hedging fuel, which is probably the right way to look at it. There was some margin gap closure. It wasnt big. It was 30 points last year. It was 40 points from 2014 to 2015 versus American, at least, based on assuming fourth quarter hits consensus, and there would have been a 120 basis points improvement versus American 2015 over 2016 and an even bigger improvement 2014 over 2015. So there was progress being made. And if you look at our first quarter, we have a headwind, at least, relative to Delta, that our labor cost kick in right away. So were going to be up something like, I dont remember Andrews exact number, but 350 basis points of CASM from labor and Delta was 125 or something. Deltas big pay increase comes in April 1. So thats just the timing issue. I very much believe that we are on a path to close the gap, everything we said at Investor Day. I feel more confident today the more I know that we are going to do it. Its not going to happen overnight. Basic Economy is an example of one of those big things thats going to be a big step function increase for us when we roll it out and start having it flying in the second quarter, feel very strongly that were on the path that we laid out and that this is a team that is going to deliver and by 2020, we are going to have the best margins of the big three network carriers. So we feel really good about the path we are on despite what people might want to look at the second or third derivative of margin changes based on forecast margins quarter-to-quarter.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. At the end of the day, while we appreciate being held accountable for our actions and our words, we constantly have said that thats proof, not promise and so we will keep delivering and inevitably everyone will agree. But with regards to the aspiration, it is clearly not one of mediocrity, I think we have said that before. And again, I just echo Scotts words with regards to the strategy and structure we have in place to get that done. So keep asking your questions, Jamie, and well keep answering them. More importantly, were going to keep delivering to the point that we convince others to buy our facts and our proofs.
Jamie Baker: Excellent. Thank you, both. I appreciate it.
Operator: From Stephens, we have Jack Atkins online. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First one here for Scott. Scott, how should we think about the potential for you all to revise your capacity growth plans as you move through 2017 if we continue to see an acceleration in the unit revenue environment? Asked another way, can you help us think about the PRASM or margin level that you all need to see before you start thinking about accelerating capacity growth versus moderating it?
Andrew Levy: Well, thats not really the way we think about it based on like system level PRASM. We do bottoms-up analysis. And our capacity did not dictate it from being or from Oscar or from anyone thats in the room here today to say, our capacity is going to be X, Y, Z based on PRASM. Its a bottoms-up forecast and thats the right way to do it. Its by the way, its not the way its been done at United historically, but were going to do bottoms up and build. And if there are opportunities then well find when theres places that it doesnt make sense, well stop flying. Well be disciplined about looking at the financials of each route individually, and so really its not going to be top-down-driven. We probably right now have although more uncertainty than we would normally have and that uncertainty can go both ways plus or minus, just based on all the changes that were making the reviews that weve done then hub structures that were changing. Were still working through a lot of the bottoms-up, while we conceptually know the traction and the vision that we have for the future the exact timing and when its going to go. And if it work perhaps, youve got to be determined and so were going to do bottoms-up process market-by-market and hub-by-hub.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you for that. And then last question here just to follow up, given the strength that weve seen in the U.S. dollar post the election, fluctuations weve seen in foreign currencies, obviously, that has an impact on passenger revenue overall, but can you speak to just the changes in demand patterns that you are seeing, if any, due to the fluctuations that weve seen in currency?
Andrew Levy: I have looked that enough to tell you that weve seen anything of significance where I think youre implying, for example, reselling more point of origin in the U.S. and set a point of origin foreign companies  foreign countries. If we are its not data that Ive seen, so no conclusion for us.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker online. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, its actually O Connor [ph] in for Helane. So business yields obviously outperformed your expectations in the fourth quarter. But I just want to talk a little bit about the demand side. Whats your expectation for corporate travel growth in the first quarter and what was it in fourth quarter?
Andrew Levy: We dont have specific expectations for corporate growth that we try to forecast or if we do no one has ever told me about it. Its been positive. We saw throughout post-election weve seen positive business demand, positive business growth. First-half of the year has started strong. Weve had so far in January, RASM has been up every single day except for two. One of those two was January 1st, which was down something like 20% because the Sunday versus Sunday last year very different. And then we had one other day that was down 1.3% thats indicative of strong business demand and close in demand. But I dont have a specific forecast for corporate demand is going to do, its strong right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Sorry, go ahead.
Oscar Munoz: Sorry, Connor, I was going to add just and you see the same data with regards to business round table and all those different surveys that are out there is general. You have consumer index, which is positive. I mean we also have just sort of business sentiment been higher. So were aware of that same issues. But as Scott said, were seeing some of bit in our business as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then Andrew, just on the  about the fleet a little bit, I know you didnt, you dont want to make a commitment until later in the year. But can you just talk a little bit about the widebody fleet? And so I know youre taking up the 20 747s this year. Are there any big retirements that you expect in 2018? The reason Im asking is just because trying to match up your order book with your expected retirement just like and see if theres an actual potential deferral or whatever that you could possibly do later on? Thanks.
Andrew Levy: Well, I would first start out by saying that that wed like to reach decision on fleet as soon as we can. So were not holding back till later in the year. Were just doing the hard work to make sure that we make the right decisions. So as soon as our work is done, well share it. We at this point in time other than the 747 fleet, we do not have any retirement plans for the rest of fleet. That being said, obviously, those are some of the things that were talking about as we review the fleet, because were looking at not only make decisions for the next couple of years, but looking out many more years into the future. And so there will be more to share as time goes on and we concluded our work. But other than the 74s, the rest of the fleet we expect to continue to operate, you have information on the delivery stream that we have out there at the moment. As we mentioned, anything that we can look at because its far enough into the future, theres a part of the review that were conducting. And so, there maybe changes, but well see and well let you know since we do.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, thanks and congrats, Julie, on the move over. All of the revenue questions so far this earnings season have been a little less insightful without you on the line. [Multiple Speakers] So I wanted to follow-up on Jamies question. Just with respect to margins, and I think so much of the conversation is relative, but I guess Id take absolute. When do you think  what are you driving the business to begin to stabilize and expand margins again? Is it fair that this is completely off the table every quarter of this year, or are you driving the business to expand margins this year?
Andrew Levy: Well, were trying to  our margin expansion, we all believe that were going to be able to expand margins. That doesnt mean its going to be an exact trajectory of, its going to get 50 basis points better this quarter and 50 basis points next quarter. Theres a lot of volatility in that. We think were on a path to expand margins with all the stuff we laid out at an Investor Day, thats not just relative, but thats also an absolute. In the first quarter of this year, we got a big headwind from the labor deals and from fuel prices. So its going to go negative for us to go negative for everyone in that quarter. But we think, were taking longer-term view about the margin trajectory, and we think were on a path thats going to get us sustainably higher margins. But its not going to be on exact every single quarter it goes up, because theres just too much volatility in the business in the short-term.
Duane Pfennigwerth: So margin expansion is off the table this year, in any quarter of this year, or that is too strong a statement?
Scott Kirby: I know thats too stronger statement.
Oscar Munoz: Way too stronger statement.
Scott Kirby: That I mean were guiding, where weve given you guidance for the first quarter and really thats another side, maybe weve given you full-year guidance. But were  we just  the answer is, we dont know. Were certainly going to try to enhance margin thats our number one focus just to drive margin higher. And I believe we can get there.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then, Scott, maybe just big picture, there has been some consolidation touching some carriers in SFO. Youve had some low-cost carrier access in Newark. Can you quantify these headwinds or tailwinds in your revenue trends into what you can see so far?
Scott Kirby: Well, Im not going to quantify it, but Ill say that were going to compete aggressively on both of those fronts.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. And then just lastly on Atlantic, it feels like you may be sandbagging most egregiously there. I dont know how it cant get better with comps as weak as they are and with capacity coming down. Is there anything that we might be missing in that perspective? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: Well, I hope youre right.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Comps go  comps get about 600 basis points easier, your capacity growth decelerates, so how do we get to kind of the same outcome for 1Q?
Scott Kirby: Look, I hope youre right. I dont spend as much time trying to make sure that trying to you spend more time trying to make sure that forecast is as close as you can get, so your model is right. I spend a lot more time trying to maximize revenue, and so I hope youre right.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Wall Street Journal, we have Susan Carey. Please go ahead.
Susan Carey: Good morning, everybody. Scott, I kind of want to come back to Basic Economy with your. You talked about incremental revenue I believe of $250 million this year $518 million in 2021 bill. Is this all from Basic Economy? And can you tell us when the rollout is going to be domestic only? Do you have plans for it to roll it internationally was the question?
Scott Kirby: Yes, so our numbers are more  in this year its mostly about Basic Economy. But moving forward, its also about having Premium Economy and even includes things like once youve got more products, I think, you have more customers buy actual paid first ticket, which is once theyve got the option of Basic Economy, Main Cabin, Premium Economy first class to first class price now looks a lot closer to Premium Economy. And so people today are looking at what is officially a Basic Economy price versus first class, the differential is big. So theres a bunch involved in our number thats not just Basic Economy or even Basic Economy and Premium Economy. As to rollout, were going to start selling it later this quarter. And the first travel will be in the second quarter at some point in the second quarter. So were still working through all the final make sure everything is done, make sure it works right and but coming soon.
Susan Carey: But is it going to be domestic only at the outset?
Scott Kirby: Yes, sorry, Susan, I forgot that part. At the very beginning, its going to actually the only one station. And I guess I could
Susan Carey: Which one?
Scott Kirby: Minneapolis. Were going to roll that in Minneapolis and weve serviced all of our hubs from there. We have a great team there. Weve had some history with us of rolling out new products. And so were going to roll it out there just kind of make sure everything works then well roll it out to the rest of the domestic system. We expect to have it in the rest of the domestic system in the not too distant future. And then well roll it out to  we also tend to roll it out to near international, so places like the Carrabin, as an example, and well contemplate long-haul international after that. We dont have a plan one way or another on that. But we expect to get it rolled out across the entire domestic and near haul international system not too long after we launch it assuming its going well.
Susan Carey: Thank you.
Operator: From the Associated Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: All right. Hi, guys, just following up on the basically
Oscar Munoz: Hey, David.
David Koenig: Hello.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, hi.
David Koenig: Yes, okay. Yes, just follow-up on Basic Economy American just announced details of their Basic Economy offering, including a date for putting that fare on sale. And they said this is an issue that you caught some flak over. American says its flight attendants are not going to monitor whether those Basic Economy passenger put their personal item in the carry on bin. How is that going to work at United? And what is your learn from the public reaction to your proposal so far, what you said about it so far?
Scott Kirby: Well, thats absolutely true that were not going to ask flight attendants to monitor. What well do is collect the bags the size of carryon bag that like a roller board, we will collect those at the gate and if customer does get to the gate, which we think well be able to screen most customers and keep them from getting to the  in the lobby, well be able to get bag to the lobby. But when customer does get to the gate, theyre going to be charged at the gate a bag fee plus the handling fee to have gate shut for that bag. And so they just wont be on the airplane, those bags, so there is nothing for the flight attendant to monitor. Now I suppose a customer could put a personal item like a purse in the overhead, but and fine, but were not going to ask our flight attendants to monitor anything and we are going to leave our flight attendants to deliver the greater customer service they do today. And actually just make their job better, because a lot of times they are stuck trying to help move bags around when the cabin is full and thats a difficult part of their job and were going to minimize that happening with Basic Economy.
David Koenig: It sounds like youve slowed down the whole rollout here. Is that because of the reaction when you first disclosed some of the details around you
Scott Kirby: We havent slowed anything down at all.
David Koenig: Okay.
Scott Kirby: We are making sure we get it right. We have even as late as this week had more test on making sure that were communicating it clearly to customer when they purchase. As I said earlier on the call that to me is the most important thing that were doing and making sure our communication to customer is just crystal clear. Second big thing that were doing is making sure that our airport team has done an incredible job and had some really clever ways to make sure that we keep bags  get bags all in the lobby, but to make sure that were going to be able to implement this operationally and do so smoothly. So no slowdown at all. We are just making sure we got all the eyes dotted and TS crossed.
David Koenig: Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Scott Kirby: Yes.
Operator: From Bloomberg News, we have Michael Sasso online. Please go ahead.
Michael Sasso: Yes, good morning. Could you just talk about I think you talked in the recent past about beefing up your offerings out of OHare, maybe adding some additional connecting locations to OHare, particularly from maybe some smaller spoke cities and such can you talk about your plans for that. What youve done how expensive do you expect that to be?
Scott Kirby: Well, weve already just started adding some in places like new services to San Jose. And Im not sure when our next schedule is going to get published. But when we have our summer schedule, we will expect to have a few more destinations and a few more frequencies, particularly in some of our competitive markets and thats something that I think is just every season and every schedule change, we are going to continue to be growing here in Chicago. We are excited about the future here. We think theres great opportunity for us and we are going to start implementing some of that this summer and its just going to be a continuous process for several years.
Michael Sasso: And just a follow-up, I think somebody mentioned that you are doing this partly in response to American and some growth that American has done in Chicago and will you seek to much Americans growth, or the number of connections or whatnot they have in Chicago? How does this relate to what American has done in Chicago?
Scott Kirby: Well, I dont know where you heard that from. I dont think I said anything like that. We think we have a great opportunity. We have a better and larger hub here. We do have a better product. We have great people. We have better reliability in Chicago than American Airlines and so we think thats a growth opportunity for us to go out and win here in Chicago and we are going to do that.
Operator: From FlightGlobal, we have Edward Russell. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: Hi, thank you for taking my question. There has been some discussions of management headcount reductions recently. Could you provide some more detail on what functions are being reduced and how many employees are going to be leaving the company?
Oscar Munoz: Ed, this is Oscar. Over the course of the year, weve talked about the fact that our structure has to follow our strategy and post the work that we did at Investor Day, weve been reorganizing our folks specifically to align with our customer initiatives, with our margin initiatives. We have created a Chief Customer Officer, for instance. We have bifurcated and focused our financial organization to be more directly impacting both the commercial and operational side separately. Theres a host of things, but enough to meet that that have progressed. In that process, weve also found some bureaucracy and some redundancy in and some redundancy in certain areas and so while there has been some exits of a relatively small number, weve had equal or greater impact by a lot of promotions, a lot of job transfers and a lot of job specificity focused on the things that our strategy evolve. So as the overall numbers, there is no goal; there is no specific number to report. Were just trying to sort of, again, focus our great company on the future.
Edward Russell: Okay. If I could ask one follow-up. Ive heard some discussion of say the fuel hedging team is going to be reduced or eliminated. I mean, can you talk about is that happening as you shift away from fuel hedging, or other departments that are going to be impacted?
Andrew Levy: Yes, this is Andrew. So we are no longer hedging fuel. We do have a very small number of folks that involved in that and I believe they are going to be reassigned to other areas within the company. That was never a large number of folks in that group.
Oscar Munoz: Ed, this is Oscar, again, just one thing I neglected to say, and I think its a very important part of that. In the organizational effectiveness initiative that we are going through, the front line, our front managers, our customers are not impacted in anyway. In fact, we anticipate hiring thousands of people as we do every year with regards to sort of refreshening our front-line organization.
Edward Russell: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And finally from the TheStreet, we have Ted Reed. Please go head.
Ted Reed: Thank you. I have two questions. First, I was surprised that your margin in first quarter is in single digits. Why is that? Is there something structural at United or seasonal that keeps your margin low  that low in the first quarter?
Andrew Levy: Yes, we have less exposure to Florida and the Caribbean. And so the first quarter is always the lowest quarter for United compared to Delta and American, but its just about where our hubs are. We dont have a hub in Atlanta or your hometown of Charlotte.
Ted Reed: Okay. Thank you. And secondly, Scott, you talked about changes at San Francisco. Is that because San Francisco is working so well that you dont need to change it, or is that one of the hubs you were saying on the investor call that the flights are too closely aligned with international and not with domestic? Is that not true in San Francisco and in connection with that, do you still plan to continue the policy of increasing flights to interior China?
Scott Kirby: We  were  weve been pleased with the results of the interior China so far. And so we are  I m at least agnostic about whether we continue to grow there. If it is working, we will and if its not, we wont, so it all depends on the results. I do think that theres opportunity for us in San Francisco. Were a little more facility-constrained there and so figuring out how we can get more gates to grow and add capacity is one of the critical things that we have to do. Its easier to talk about some of the other mid-continent connecting hubs as opposed to San Francisco, where weve got constraints, but its a fantastic market for us. Its the best Asian gateway that  of any gateway in the U.S.. We have a great customer base there. We have a great team in San Francisco, and we would like to find ways to get more gates and actually grow there.
Ted Reed: All right. Thank you, Scott.
Julie Yates Stewart: Okay, thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director, IR Oscar Munoz - CEO Scott Kirby - President Julia Haywood - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Levy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Julie Yates - Credit Suisse Darryl Genovesi - UBS Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Jamie Baker - JP Morgan Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Andrew Didora - Bank of America Savi Syth - Raymond James Jack Atkins - Stephens
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2016. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the Companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Jonathan Ireland, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Uniteds third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information on yesterdays release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Julia Haywood; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. We also have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart in the room to assist with Q&A.  And now, Id like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everybody. This quarter marked another period in which United took meaningful steps forward in transforming the direction of this Company. Notably, we saw our 25,000 flight attendants ratify new contract, our over 9,000 technicians reached a tentative agreement for a joint contract, and were excited to have that ratified soon. Additionally, in the quarter, as most of you know, I solidified my leadership team. This team has deep industry experience, incredible talent in my opinion and a very focused dedication to bring United into its next chapter, realizing a full potential of our great people and the great network and our assets. On the business side, we also continued to run a solid operation in the quarter. In fact, we achieved the best third quarter on-time performance in our history. I am going to take this opportunity to thank dedicated and professional United employees that make all of this happen. Thanks to your commitment and determined efforts, we delivered a Company best performance for arrivals during the busy July 4th holiday travel period. We also earned a first or second place ranking in key arrivals and departure measures in the three months between Memorial Day and September 1st, and culminated our great summer month performance with delivering the best Labor Day weekend performance numbers on record. So, its great to have our operating program and people back in a good consistent application of their work. On the financial side, we continued to record strong financial results including a pre-tax profit of $1.6 billion and a pre-tax margin of 15.7%, both excluding special items. As many of know, we will host an Investor Day on November 15th. With that in mind, today, we will focus our discussion on our recent performance and near-term outlook and wait until November for a discussion of our plans for beyond 2017, including our outlook for both CASM and capacity. So, with that said, Id like to turn the call over -- this is the maiden voyage of both Mr. Kirby, Ms. Haywood, and Mr. Levy. But before I do that, let me say to them all that were incredibly thrilled to have each of you join the United family and very much looking forward to sharing our future with you. With that, Scott?
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar. Before turning to the slides, I just want to start by saying that Im very excited to have joined the United team and there are just fantastic opportunities ahead of us. This really is an exciting time for United. Its true that the last several years have been challenging with the integration that took longer. It was more complex than anticipated, which created cultural, operating and commercial challenges. But now with the integration largely in the past, we can all turn our focus to realizing the full potential of United for our employees, customers and investors. The foundation of a great airline is its people. And in the Oscars leadership, United has made tremendous progress on creating an integrated, united United. Achieving our full potential will require lots of hard work. But with great people, the best network potential, the right plan and the focus on solid execution, we can deliver a great network, operations, and customer service, which in turn will lead the financial results that reflect the full potential of this airline. Julia will touch on some of the high level opportunities in a moment but before she does, Id like to take the time and run through the quarters performance. On slide six, you can see that we made meaningful strides in improving the operation over the past couple of years. On time departures, arrivals, completion factor and mishandled baggage performance have all seen meaningful improvement. Going forward, we expect well continue to improve our operational results through better processes, smart investments and a commitment to efficiency. As weve talked about here in the past at United, running a reliable airline is a key to winning other customers and regaining customers that weve lost during some of the operational challenges that we had with integration from 2012 through 2014. Turning to revenue, slide seven shows consolidated unit revenue performance for the past quarter, which declined 5.8%. This is slightly better than initial expectations due in part to better close-in, bookings and yields into the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we forecast consolidated PRASM will decline between 4% and 6%. As you can see on slide, we continue to see sequential second derivative unit revenue improvement as were lapping many of the headwinds we have experienced over the past few quarters. For now at least, it appears that we are mostly -- most of the big one-time issues that have been affecting PRASM are in the task. One of the stories in this slide is that issues like currency, energy et cetera arent really having a meaningful impact year-over-year any longer. We continue to see the sequential improvement in unit revenues despite the fact that there is a meaningful calendar shift of revenues out of fourth quarter and into the third and first quarters. Getting back to positive PRASM is now about a balanced supply demand environment, advancements in product segmentation as well as many United specific opportunities that well talk in more detail about at Investor Day in few weeks. Slide eight has some additional detail in each of the geographic regions. Domestically, were seeing positive close-in corporate booking trends and a better alignment of supply and demand. Additionally, the domestic pricing environment is beginning to feel more rational. We expect the Atlantic to remain the weakest region of the world. Overall capacity continues to grow at high rates. At the same, the demand is growing more slowly putting pressure on unit revenues. In the Pacific, we expect to see a continuation of recent trends with modest unit revenue declines, modest at least as compared to the Atlantic. And we expect Latin America to be the first region to return to positive year-over-year PRASM, driven by good results across the region but particularly strong results in Brazil. In summary, we think the revenue environment has bottomed and were starting to see signs of recovery in all regions with the possible exception of the Atlantic. At this time, Id like to now turn the call over to Julia to share with you her high level thoughts on commercial opportunities that weve identified at United, each of which well discuss in a greater detail next months Investor Day.
Julia Haywood: Great, thanks Scott. Im also very proud to join the United team. Ever since I began working with United, I can see the potential of our Company and Im excited to be part of the team to unlock that potential. We see a number of opportunities throughout our commercial landscape to improve earnings over the next several years with the largest opportunities being in revenue management, network optimization, product segmentation, and product improvement. I will provide some high level thoughts on each today and we look forward to our upcoming Investor Day where we will provide more details on these opportunities including actions that we are taking and the associated financial impacts. So, first, with respect to revenue management, we believe there are a variety of both near term and longer term opportunities to improve share of United. Solutions for these opportunities can range from small but meaningful tweaks to our revenue management system to making more wholesale changes to our strategies for managing both pricing and inventory. And while much of this work has been delayed during Uniteds integration, we are now moving quickly ahead. Second with respect to our network. Let me start by echoing Scotts earlier comment. United has the best network potential of any U.S. carrier, but we are not utilizing it fully today. We have spent the summer working to refine the mission of each of our hubs, and we look forward to sharing some of our thoughts with you at Investor Day. But as an important note, the full details of our network playbook wont be fully revealed in order to protect competitively sensitive information. The third area of opportunity we will discuss is product segmentation. As you know, the work being done in this area signals a meaningful step change for our customers, and I believe that over time, it will have an even larger financial impact than the introduction of bag fees. We will use the time at our Investor Day to describe in more detail our entry level fare product while also providing further plans to advance the segmentation progress in other areas here at United. Finally, we will discuss the changes we are making with respect to our product and travel experience for our customers. In particular, we are now investing in the premium experience, rolling out United Polaris, our all-new business class service, transforming United clubs and elevating our food and beverage offering. In summary, we are looking forward to this day and sharing with you the hard work we have been doing to establish a commercial plan to the organization. Like Scott, I am thrilled to be part of this team and could not be more excited about the opportunities I see ahead for United. So, as a wrap up, Id like to take a moment to thank our customers. In my past life, I spent more hours than Id like to recount on planes and in airports, and I understand how important it is that we deliver to you the travel experience that you expect. The team here has made great strides over the past year and I know that there are even more opportunities to come. With that, Ill turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Levy: Thanks Julia. I too am excited to be part of the United team. We have a lot of work ahead of us, but Im confident well be successful in making United the best airline in the world. Yesterday afternoon, we released our third quarter earnings and fourth quarter investor update. While I will discuss both our results and outlook today at a high level, please refer to both of these documents for additional details. With that said, lets review the Companys third quarter financial performance and fourth quarter outlook. Slide 12 shows a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 13 has our non-GAAP results. Company generated pre-tax income excluding special items of $1.6 billion with a pre-tax margin of 15.7%. Net income was $1 billion, a decline from $1.7 billion in third quarter of 2015 due almost entirely to our higher booked tax rate in 2016. Adjusting for booked taxes, net income was down 9% but earnings per share increased 7% due to the 15% reduction in share count as compared with 3Q 2015. Moving to slide 14, non-fuel unit costs in the third quarter increased 3.4% excluding special items, profit sharing and third-party business expenses. Approximately 2 percentage points of this increase was due to the impact of labor agreements ratified in 2016 with our pilots, flight attendants, dispatchers and IAM represented employees. We expect fourth quarter non-fuel unit costs excluding special items, profit sharing and third-party business expense to increase between 4.75% and 5.75%. Approximately 4 percentage points of this increase is due to the impact of these new labor agreements. Our projections however do not include the effects of a recently ratified tenant agreement with our maintenance technicians since it has not yet been ratified. As you can see on slide 15, we expect full year 2016 non-fuel CASM to increase between 2.75% and 3.25% with 2.3 percentage points of this increase due to the new labor agreements. However, in 2017, year-over-year effect of these agreements is only expected to be between 1.5 and 2 percentage points. As provided in yesterdays investor update, we currently expect our fourth quarter pre-tax margin excluding special items to be between 5% and 7%. Turning to slide 16 and capital allocation, let me start by saying that we believe a healthy balance sheet and adequate liquidity is critical. We ended the quarter with $6.2 billion of unrestricted liquidity, including our $1.35 billion revolver which remains untapped. Adjusted CapEx including aircraft, non-aircraft, and aircraft purchase deposits was roughly $680 million in third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we plan to take delivery of eight new mainline aircraft which contributes to CapEx of between $935 million and $955 million. We have already secured financing for these deliveries through last months EETC transaction. For the full year, we expect approximately $3.2 billion in capital expenditures. We also contributed $240 million for our pension plans this quarter, bringing our year-to-date contributions to $400 million. We do not plan any additional contributions this year. With respect to the share repurchase, we returned $255 million to shareholders purchasing 5.2 million shares during the quarter that brings the total amount of cash returned to shareholders to $2.4 billion year-to-date. And since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2014, we spent $4 billion to repurchase roughly 20% of shares outstanding. We currently have $2 billion remaining under our repurchase authority. On our upcoming Investor Day, we will talk in detail about our plans for the capital structure of the business including our views on liquidity, CapEx, debt, pension funding and shareholder returns. We will continue to be focused on finding ways to invest efficiently in our business. This quarter, we had added our second used A319 to our fleet and plan to take a total of 11 of these aircraft by the end of 2017. In addition, we are reviewing our long-term CapEx needs including the fleet and we will give you a more in-depth update next month. Returning excess cash to shareholders will continue to be an important part of the United capital allocation strategy and we plan to providing the context for our plans going forward. In closing, this was a very good quarter for United and I am excited on many good quarters to come. I look forward to speaking to each of you again in the next few weeks as we lay out our strategic plan for the Company. Ill turn it back to Oscar now.
Oscar Munoz: Great, thanks Andrew. As you heard from the team, there is a lot of energy about the future, and we do have a great day planned for you on November 15th. In addition to what Scott and Julia, Andrew have suggested with regards to the outline of that agenda, we are also going to have Linda Jojo and Greg Hart discuss improvements in both our IT systems and operations broadly so that you can better understand I think the great work being done in those areas to make United more efficient and nimble. I also understand the importance of the establishing goals by which you as shareowners can hold us accountable in order to ensure the execution of our plans. We will use the Investor Day to provide financial metrics and targets by which we are managing our business so that you can also track our progress as we execute upon these plans. Let me close again by thanking our customers for flying United. Were focused everyday on continuing to find opportunities to improve your travel experience and I want to thank you for your business and look forward to seeing you on a flight soon. With that let me turn over the conference to Jonathan.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks you, Oscar. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, Jonathan. [Operator Instructions] And from Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: I guess if I could do two quick ones here, just Andrew, you mentioned 2017 CASM ex-fuel up 1.5 to 2 as a result of the recent labor deals, presumably that doesnt include any sort of a match on your pilot deal since the Delta deal is still out there, its tentative. But does that include the technician piece, the mechanic deal assuming that goes through or would that be in addition to that?
Andrew Levy: Couple of things, just to clarify, I want to make sure that my comments were communicated as I intended them to be, which is that we expect the effect of the existing labor agreements, the new ones that does not include the technicians, it does not include any snap up on the pilots, we expect the effect of that next year to be between 1.5% and 2%. So, that is not a CASM forecast, that is just the increase associated with the existing agreements. So, I think -- hope that answered all of your questions with that.
Michael Linenberg: Yes. Thats a perfect clarification. And then just to Julia, you alluded to the rollout of call it your entry level fares or at least alluded to talking about it at the Investor Day. I think the plan was for it to be rolled out sometime this month. Why the delay and when do we think that that will actually come into effect?
Julia Haywood: Were looking forward to bringing it in later this year. Were going to talk more about that at Investor Day. With Scott and I coming in, we wanted to take another look at everything that were offering within that product segment and make sure that is exactly the way we wanted to be and that we also roll it out really well to the front line. So, were just taking an extra beat on that and well talk more about it at Investor Day.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Julie Yates on line. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates: A question on domestic RASM, so your peer noted that on a combined basis, domestic RASM for the November to January time period should be flattish trying to normalize for some of that holiday shift. Do you agree with this assessment? And if not, what are you seeing that would suggest otherwise?
Scott Kirby: Im not sure I would get all the way to flattish. We do see continuous improvement in the domestic environment. I think its also right to kind of look at it November through January to count for all the calendar shifts. Im not sure we get to flattish, but its certainly trending that direction. I think we started actually, because where we were in the third quarter compared to our competitor, we start from a better position. So, I suspect we will get to positive domestic PRASM before they do. I think we also have more opportunity and more levers that are probably United specific. But we are certainly trending in that direction. And whether its going to get there in November to January or shortly thereafter, its hard to say certain at this point. But were trending in that direction and we feel pretty good about the domestic environment, certainly feels better than it has been a couple of years. Now acknowledge thats an easy comparison, because hasnt felt very good past couple of years but it feels better than it has in quite some time.
Julie Yates: And then Andrew just one quick one for you. Is there any color -- and I understand you havent given ASM and you might want to reserve this for Investor Day, but is there any color you can offer on how we should think about the core CASM ex-growth for 2017?
Andrew Levy: Well get into that in a little more detail in a month Julie. But we expect at this point in time that its going to be consistent with the performance that United has delivered in the past few years. I think United has done a very good job controlling that, its cost structure, the core CASM and I would expect that to be similar as we look forward. But well give you more specific number at Investor Day in about a month from now.
Julie Yates: Okay.
Oscar Munoz: Julie, this is Oscar. I just want to jump in to Andrews comment. Core CASM is an area that will continue. Despite the history, well continue to focus in that strong. We have several initiatives that were thinking through, but weve got a lot of moving parts and well provide a little bit more color again at this infamous now Investor Day. So, thanks Julie.
Julie Yates: Okay, great. And Andrew, one last one, are there any offsets from the recent contracts that have been ratified in terms of profit sharing changes or greater productivity?
Andrew Levy: There are some offsets, certainly on the profit sharing. And I think that each agreement kind of stands on its own. And I dont think were ready to go in individual detail with each one. But as one example with the flight attendant deal today, its 15% profit sharing and its going to drop down to -- I think its a tiered approach, which would be from 10 to 20 depending on the level of profitability. Thats one example. But we have to kind of look at each one on its own merits to go through the puts and takes. But look, I mean for the most part, were going to see an increase in labor expense. It is not completely offset by the profit sharing or productivity. So, were going to have to find ways to drive revenue and reduce expense to continue to grow margins.
Operator: From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi: Hey, Scott, you called out some one-time PRASM drivers in your prepared remarks but one thing that I didnt see in there was the impact of the service disruptions away from you during Q3. Could you all characterize that or was it just not meaningful enough to include in there?
Scott Kirby: I dont think it was meaningful at all. If you go look at our data on a day-to-day basis, you certainly cant find where it happened. So, I dont think it was meaningful.
Darryl Genovesi: And then with regard to China, you guys called out some -- I guess the outlook for the capacity situation to improve as we approach the caps on a bilateral. Can you just help us understand how you are thinking about the timing of the potential RASM improvement across the Pacific? It looks like -- the fourth quarter doesnt look great but as you look out into early next year, how do you think the change in the bilateral sort of impact the capacity growth rate over time? And then I guess looking a little further out with the new airport being constructed in Beijing, if there is a strong possibility that that bilateral gets amended to include more capacity on both sides? Thank you.
Scott Kirby: So, if you look at our third quarter and fourth quarter PRASM forecast for the Pacific, all things considered, I think thats actually quite strong performance, particularly for us where in the fourth quarter were starting the second San Francisco to Shanghai. So, well have for United at least fair amount of capacity growth. So, for that environment, I think were actually doing pretty well. There is a lot of capacity growth out of China in particular but as you point out, the bilaterals were almost capped. And so thats going to slow down dramatically in 2017 and beyond. The opposite is happening in Japan where capacity is starting to be reduced and we see strong performance in Japan. And so, across the board, we feel pretty good about the trans-Pacific environment. Looking further out, once the new airport opens, it takes a long time to chase bilaterals and there is more than just chasing route authorities. The complication with flying to China is you have the route authorities being able to get slots at commercially viable times; its been really difficult. And so, I expect that would be part of the next set of negotiations. And so thats difficult; again, its difficult. I suspect it will take quite a bit of time to get results.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Just two questions; one, can you say if there was any improvement, if any of your domestic markets showed a positive RASM during the third quarter? I think Delta commented that they saw about 33% in their markets. And Im just wondering what that number was for you.
Scott Kirby: Yes. Its actually 43% of our markets have positive year-over-year PRASM domestically. Look, thats an interesting statistic; I only know it because someone asked on the Delta call or they said it and so checked. But whats I think more important is the momentum that that has for the domestic environment and there is -- this can turn out to be wrong but there is lots of little things that are going on with pricing and with a lot of carriers going through and cleaning up pricing in the domestic environment and make us feel pretty constructive about that entity in particular.
Helane Becker: So, I can take away from that that you think its relatively sustainable, even with calendar shifts aside?
Scott Kirby: Yes. I mean, you have to adjust for the calendar shifts. But adjusting for that, I think that the momentum and -- the domestic -- overall system and the domestic is going to continue to improve on year-over-year basis and the results are going to get better.
Helane Becker: Great. And then just a question for you, Oscar. In June, there was an investor call and there were a whole bunch of revenue and cost initiatives that were presented to us. Should we ignore those or maybe not ignore is the right word but maybe set aside those in favor of upcoming initiatives that will be discussed in Investor Day or how should we think about that June call?
Oscar Munoz: So, my view and Ill have Julia and Scott share theirs as well since they are deeply involved in the past work. I think its safe to say that the existing work will be not only continued but built upon and gain some incremental value. But Ill let the folks in the middle of it talk. Julia?
Julia Haywood: I think as we look, we are going to talk a little bit more on Investor Day but I think we see upside from what weve seen from the numbers that were reconciling against versus some of the new ideas and initiatives that we started talking about. There may be some re-bucketing that exists, Helane but besides that I think we see only that will subside. [Ph] So, its great news.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Scott, one of the things I think you did at American well was you reduced forecast error in the revenue management tool, so -- over the last year or two particularly. So, how is forecast error within UALs RM tool suite; where do you want to get it; and do you think you have the IT in place to improve it?
Scott Kirby: I think that there is a lot of opportunity there. Were going to actually spend a fair bit of time at investor day talking about this. So, Ill give you a little bit of preview. I like using one example from the summer. In July as United was seeing stronger demand and bookings were coming in strong at the domestic entity, tried to boost the demand and increase the amount of demand. And so, we took a set of markets and didnt do anything, and we took another set of markets and increased the local demand by a 100% in the forecast, another set of market and increased both the local and the flow demand by 20%. Those were massive, massive changes in demand, and you would expect that to lead to massive changes in output. And at the end of the experiment, those three sets of entities, those three different experimental groups were 0.2% different in outcomes. What that tells you is -- and what that really is, we have a big complicated system. We dont even have a process to measure forecast versus actuals because its so big and complicated. And the team does a fantastic job of managing on the backend but were hand managing a lot of markets on the backend and as great as people are, you cant do that as well as a robust system with thousands and millions of data points can do. Even things like this year coming into Christmas, the demand patterns dramatically differ with Christmas on a Sunday instead of Christmas on a Friday and we dont have any history that goes back to a time when Christmas was last on a Sunday. So were trying to hand this. All of that -- the team has done a great job managing that in that environment but it is a significant opportunity. Its going to require a lot of work; its not going to happen overnight. It is going to require some changes in the system. Our fundamental architecture of the system that were built on can handle it; there are no issues there. Were just going to have to build, do the work to build on top of that and do a management. But itll take time and well talk more about this at Investor Day, but I think it is a significant opportunity thats unique to United Airlines.
Oscar Munoz: And Ill also add; I can just add real quickly, over the years people have characterized the United network in very broad and positive terms but yet weve never been able to realize the full potential of that. I think you just heard another example of what are the things that have been sort of missing, really take it to [indiscernible]. Again level of energy and excitement in our company is based upon -- predicated on the fact that we have some very-very good people on this now and you can see great output over time as Scott says.
Hunter Keay: Yes, thats -- I will look forward to hearing more about this at the Analyst Day. And thats actually a good segue into my next question. When -- you guys actually -- you split the VP of network role into two roles recently; you are going to have one person overseeing the domestic network and one person overseeing the international network. So, to me that says that you feel like one of those two is particularly underperforming. So, is that a fair characterization and if so, which do you think is underperforming more relative to where it should be, domestic or international?
Julia Haywood: I think we have a very strong international network, I think we have for many years. Theres more that we can be doing on that side for sure. On the domestic side, outside coming in, I think we thought there was a lot of opportunity there and I think thats only been confirmed from the inside now. So Scott and I are working together with the team to understand the full potential of the domestic network and I think we see significant upside there.
Scott Kirby: Youre reading a little much into it about the org structure as people are -- anything like that but we do, we have the best international network certainly of any U.S. carrier that goes -- thats no one argues that. But we do not have the same kind of margins domestically or have the same kind of success domestically as American and Delta do. And we can get there. Its another area that I think we have more upside than the others because theres a whole bunch of stuff; its in your management, it can be sales, its in the latest schedule, so all kinds of stuff at the Company thats been very focused on international. But without losing any of that I think we can improve the results in the domestic network.
Operator: From Buckingham Research we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: I know youre saving a lot for the Investor Day, but Im wondering if you can share just more broadly the growth plans for 2017 and how that would break out domestically versus internationally.
Scott Kirby: Dan, wed love to share but we dont actually, just dont have it done yet. As Julia alluded to earlier, we got new people here taking a new look at some of the things. And we will be ready to give you more detail at Investor Day but I apologize, we just dont -- arent ready to do it today.
Dan McKenzie: Okay, understood. And then, secondly here, a number of experts are ratcheting down their economic outlook for the UK next year, so just a couple of questions here. I am just wondering if you can remind us what percent of Uniteds revenue is tied to the UK. And then secondly, how the capacity reductions across the Atlantic are being targeted specifically?
Scott Kirby: I dont actually know what our percentage across Atlantic. I am glad to have now at airline that doesnt have essentially a hub there where I was before. But its obviously much smaller. And on the specifics of the capacity reductions, again thats work thats ongoing right now for 2017, so left away; 4.7% of revenue.
Operator: From JP Morgan we have Jamie Baker. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: This first one Ill just throw out there to whomever would like to take it. When standalone United incurred significant labor cost escalation back in 1999, it isnt clear that any return on that investment was ever achieved. So, here we are whatever, 17 years later, labor costs are once again rising at a material rate. Is there anything different about the industry today that gives you the confidence that your owners actually witness a return on these recent investments?
Oscar Munoz: Jamie, its Oscar. Let me start and then I think Ill let Scott finish, given that hes had deeper, broader, long-term experience here. I understand the history of this. Its been told to me repeatedly as we finished our labor contracts and I completely reject the notion that you cant have efficiency and productivity while also having customer service. I said that constantly. And to that end, in order to get that customer service and that productivity, we have to invest in these folks. And so our employees are very core to our product and customer experience. These costs, -- labor costs are market based costly to your point. Where the difference we are counting on is that over time this collaborative relationship we are building with our labor workforce, we can drive productivity. In fact, were in this together. And some will call that nave, some will call that history doesnt prove that but I think we are already seeing those green shoots as we say around that. But thats been my focus. Now I have experts that are going to help us to do that. So, Scott would you have something to add?
Scott Kirby: Sure, I agree with everything Oscar said. And we are a service business and our people make the airline run successfully every day, how they interact with our customers is most important thing that we do. One of the things that I am proud of as having been a part of in the industry is getting to the point where we can start getting back to our people, we can do great things for our people in contracts after the 15 years that they have been through and the post 9/11 era furloughs and concessions and losing system [ph]. And so, its rewarding to be able to actually give the kinds of raises and economic benefits back to people after all that they can do. I do think the industry is different today and I think its important to not only do great things for our people but for our customers and our shareholders, all those things happen to go together. I think 1999 is probably not the first example of time to use, because we all know what happened in 2001 and that really triggered all of the negative things that happened to airline employees over the next 15 years. Were past that and we are moving forward. I think we can do the kinds of things we have done with these contracts for our people which is fantastic and still get to a role where we have a margins that are higher than they are today and do great things for our shareholders as well. We will talk some more about some of those targets at Investor Day but were looking forward to that but we are all genuinely happy for our people that we can offer them these kinds of various contracts.
Jamie Baker: And Scott a follow-up, and this touches on I guess Helanes question before. If you were to rank order the catalysts that are driving domestic RASM improvement, how would that look; is it tighter aggregate supply followed by better fare fencing, followed by increases to base fares or is it cessation of advantage fares, revisions to AP requirements that sort of thing? We all know what the various levers are and I am not asking you to name names. I am just wondering at the industry level whats really driving the improvement.
Scott Kirby: So, Im going to break it down exactly the way you described it, but Ill take a step back and say whats happened really starting with deregulation and came to a head a few years ago that the way we fence the product, sell the product, differentiate the product, changed. And it used to be that we get use fare fences, Saturday night stays to segment the product between business travelers and leisure travelers, and we cant anymore. And the growth of low cost carriers has forever changed that part of the business. We are getting better even in that world at figuring out segmentation and were doing more on segmentation here certainly at United but I think across the industry were getting better at that. Capacity is still growing faster than demand, but were making real improvements in our pricing and yield management strategies that are helping counteract some of that. And then, as Julia mentioned, and well talk more about on Investor Day, product segmentation is the huge leap forward; I think it is a new structural change that were going to go through here at United. It will be good for our customers; it will allow us to offer low fares to people that care only about getting the lowest price and then allow us to offer a better product to customers who care about other aspects of the product. And so, were excited about that. But really this has been with an industry as a journey of how do we -- changes and how we segment our product for our various customers and were just, I think mostly getting better at that. Right now, its pricing and yield management stuff that were doing is better and product segmentation is getting kick-off in earnest next year.
Jamie Baker: But those are long tailed observations. The sense that I get is that kind of mid-August something really started to take place, something incremental occurred. Is that understanding of mine simply flawed, which is fine? Youve never hesitated in telling me in the past when Ive been wrong.
Scott Kirby: Look, theyre not all long tailed. When I talk about changes to yield management and pricing, those are pretty short tailed. And those are things that weve gotten better at in the last two years. Sort of mid-August, there was a timeframe that there were some changes going on in the pricing environment, which I am not going to talk about in detail. That did happen and I think are contributing to near -- well, it feels like an inflection point in domestic revenues. There probably was an inflection point in mid-August as some of the pricing environment started to change at a number of airlines across the country.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, I know you talked a little bit about the various international markets but maybe just taking a step back, can you just talk about international broadly and whether or not you think overall, as we look into maybe next year, there is a path to just yields being stable or do you think international would maybe offset some of the opportunity that youve talked about on the domestic side?
Scott Kirby: Wed kind of have to go through it region-by-region. So, Ill start with the best, the Latin America. Latin America is going to be positive of both yield and RASM in the fourth quarter. So, we feel really good about that market. Again the Pacific, I think the capacity story is going to get better as we go through 2017. So, while I dont have the best forecast, if I just had to make my best guess today, we will get the positive yield across the Pacific at some point in 2017. And across the Atlantic, its still going to be a struggle; it depends on what happens with capacity; in that entity, lots of uncertainty is still around Brexit and whats going to happen there. So, I think that will get positive and two of the three entities and the third one is really a question mark based on what happens in the capacity. 
Rajeev Lalwani: Andrew, just a quick question for you. Towards the end of your prepared remarks, you made a statement about I think reviewing CapEx across commitments, et cetera. Can you just talk about what some of the range of opportunities ahead are and maybe some of the things we can look for?
Andrew Levy: Sorry. I was -- I thought you were headed to the guidance. Youre talking about more broadly, right?
Rajeev Lalwani: Right.
Andrew Levy: Yes, I think everything is an opportunity if -- and were going to look at everything, everything that hasnt been lets call it committed. Clearly, we have plans; we made commitments. But as an example on the fleet side, there is a window of opportunity to be able to make changes once you get within lets call it a year of delivery, then youre stuck. But were certainly looking at fleet plan, were looking at a lot of our CapEx projects that were making whether we plan to make, think about making and not just reviewing it from top to bottom to see if we like what weve got coming down the pipe and will make changes wherever we think its appropriate. I think one example would be mix of new and used aircraft. Weve already started bringing in some used A319s and we acquired at attractive rates. Were going to continue to keep eye out for high quality used aircraft to blend into the mix of the fleet here. So, wherever we can find those types of opportunities to reduce capital intensity, were going to try and take advantage of that. So nothing specific to talk about at the moment. Well talk to you again on November 15th and if there is changes to be made, we will discuss at that time.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Scott, a few years ago, you said 87% of your customers at American flew less than one time a year and represented about half of your revenue, or about -- the flip side of that, making up half of your revenue. So, can you say, did those statistics look materially different at United? Have you had a chance to study that customer base?
Scott Kirby: So, somebody has showed me the number and Ive looked at it little different but its 85% here. And it is close to half the revenue.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then just to stay with you, Scott; sorry to the others and look forward to spending more time with you in November. With respect to your regional aircraft strategy, you had a captive regional at American. Just with respect to your early impressions, is it fair to say that United has not been as proactive as it could have been from a regional aircraft strategy? If we look back over the last few quarters, regional capacity is down materially and you are growing on the mainline. And I am just wondering is this optimal/ideal or has this been a function of supply constraints on the regional side?
Scott Kirby: Our constraints on regional side at United are about the pilot contract and the scope. And we are growing it but we will be getting to the scope maximum. I think its fair to also say that one of the things we will likely do over time is use our regional supply and more of what you would think of a traditional regional markets and less in big markets. So, today we fly a lot of hub-to-hub between Dallas and Chicago or between Denver and Dallas; we fly regional jets. And thats something that is unique about United that will likely change. In hub-to-hub markets, well fly bigger airplanes and well use our originals to go fly into places that are smaller cities but that generate higher yielding connecting revenues for the network. I do think its an opportunity.
Andrew Levy: Can I add? This is Andrew. Let me add, we -- Duane, there has been a plan in place for a while to reduce the number of 50-seaters for economic reasons. And so, I think part of what you are seeing is just that plan continuing to play itself out as 50-seaters are reduced. So, I dont know if its fair to say that weve been less proactive. I think there is a plan. Were in the middle of reshaping regional fleet and that will continue as we move forward in the next several quarters.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then, just wanted to touch on Brazil. One of your competitors noted a 30% RASM increase in the third quarter. The shape of their capacity is a little bit different than the shape of yours, but wonder if you could comment what your RASM was up in Brazil and specifically how much of that was in August Olympic spike, versus a steady trend over the course of the quarter?
Scott Kirby: Well, not that I focus on trying to beat the guys in Atlanta, I did by the way but that was about 31%. And a big chunk of that was the -- would have been the Olympic -- I dont know the exact number here at United. But as we look out to the fourth quarter, at least we expect yields to be somewhere between 20% and 30%. So, I think thats a real recovery. The Olympics gave us that kick start but it also led -- maybe because of the Olympics that led us to real pricing changes. The pricing environment to Brazil is far, far better than it was just a few months ago. And that happened sort of around the time that youre going to Olympics and maybe thats what caused it but it stuck. So, Brazil is much improved.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks and just to clarify, that 20% to 30% is off of the trough or thats year-over-year.
Scott Kirby: Thats year-over-year.
Operator: From Bank of America we have Andrew Didora. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: A lot of my questions have been answered, but Andrew, I just wanted to touch upon capital allocation a little bit. Obviously the buybacks slowed dramatically in 3Q but you did reiterate your focus on capital returns in your prepared remarks. I guess when we look at 2017, you have higher labor costs, a new fuel curve, increasing your expenses, free cash flow takes a hit as CapEx steps up. So, how do you balance this capital return strategy with much lower free cash flow next year? And do you feel comfortable with higher leverage from here or what is the leverage to keep this strategy going?
Andrew Levy: At the moment were not considering adding leverage to the balance sheet. That being said, we are going to be reviewing it in more detail in the coming quarters with our Board and look at that where we think it makes sense. But at the moment, we think having a very strong balance sheet is critical. Were very comfortable with our debt levels at the moment and our liquidity. As you noted, we do have some issues that we need to get comfortable with as we look into 2017. Higher labor expenses, higher fuel curve are certainly the two important things. And as such, I think that its likely that the pace of any buyback is going to be probably a little more similar to what weve seen in the last quarter, certainly than what we saw in the first quarter where we repurchased 1.5 billion of shares. So, stay tuned. I think we look at that as excess cash and we have excess cash how do we return it to our shareholders. And well take into account all the drivers and the business as we look forward and first and foremost make sure that we maintain a very-very strong balance sheet, which we think is a huge competitive advantage that we care deeply about.
Andrew Didora: So, I guess with the earnings inflection next year, would we expect additional debt pay down to keep occurring at United?
Andrew Levy: Well, we have -- I dont believe we have any opportunities to reduce our debt next year other than just by simply making our payments. We have some unsecured thats due in I think 18 and 19, we have number of EETC transactions that pay down according to the initial schedules. So, I think that at the moment, we dont see any big opportunities to just reduce the debt levels but were very comfortable with where they are. We certainly are going to be mindful to keep it conservative. That doesnt mean that we wont look at more leverage. But as we sit here right now getting our arms around the business and trying to come up with a game plan as we go forward which well share a lot of that in a month from now, I dont expect any significant changes in at least in the next quarter.
Operator: From Raymond James we have Savi Syth. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Just a quick question on the business or the corporate side, just wondering if you could provide color on just what volumes, how theyve been trending. And also in the oil and gas sector, I know the drag in 3Q, it was a bit lower than you had anticipated heading into the quarter but I was wondering if that was just seeing the demand recover or that was just better capacity rationalization in Houston and other markets?
Julia Haywood: In terms of domestic, actually the closing corporate bookings have really been strengthening and even as we look back to the third quarter, as we talked before, the strength of our domestic routes going positive. We actually saw really steady upward trajectory on sequential year-over-year PRASM for business, specifically actually in the corporate. So hopefully that answers your first question. Energy on the second part.
Scott Kirby: Energy was down 14% in the quarter.
Savi Syth: And I think it came in better than expected, right? I am just wondering if that was -- you saw a recovery in demand and just more spending or if that was just a capacity rationalization?
Julia Haywood: Yes, its pretty much in line with expectations; so, not too much of under over on that one, Savi.
Savi Syth: And if I may ask, just on the non-fuel costs, just curious, in 2015 versus 2016, the poor CASM; was there anything in particular that drove the better performance in 2015 versus the performance in 2016? The capacity growth wasnt significantly different. So, I was just curious as to the variance there.
Andrew Levy: To be clear, Savi, are you asking about the fourth quarter projection?
Savi Syth: No, full year in 2015 versus 2016 that slide that you had there.
Andrew Levy: 2015, certainly we had a lot of the results from project quality which drove the material decline in our cost structure we have been able to maintain in the business. But no, I dont think theres anything unique to 2015, if thats your question.
Operator: From Stephens we have Jack Atkins. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Just going back to the June investor presentation with the $1.1 billion value creation that you guys outlined for the second half of 2016, could you give us a progress report on how much of that has been captured and are you may be expecting some of that to push out into 2017 now that it seems like the team is maybe taking a second look at some of those buckets?
Scott Kirby: Well probably be able to give you a better update on Investor Day but as I look through the items we are running better operations that we know. That was $100 million or so in 2016. Its one of those; its hard to go back and identify that you actually got it or not but we are definitely running better operation. And whether we get it all in 2016 or something thats going to come later, we are winning back customers; we are winning back share of high value customers. And thats something we feel confident that we will -- that we are going to get. Another big chunk is the slimline and upgauge program which I think we are on track with because efficiency stuff we are on track with. I think most -- and MileagePlus was another big one as well. And so those are ones that we know that we -- will be achieved. So I think we are largely on track with the 1.1 billion.
Jack Atkins: And then I guess going back to your earlier comments on the international market and then comparing that with what you were seeing domestically. As you look out to 2017, would you expect your consolidated PRASM to turn positive in the first half of next year; is that the message that you guys are trying to send?
Scott Kirby: I am not trying to send a specific timing on that message mostly because I dont know it well enough. I didnt live the history here at United of last year and kind of -- at least I need to have lived that history to feel confident about the timing. I feel confident that we are headed in that direction and we are going to continue to make improvement in every quarter but I just cant today give you what the high level of confidence when I think we are going to cross the zero thresholds.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Brandon and thank you all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC Andrew George Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2016. My name is Brendan and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Jonathan Ireland, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information on yesterday's release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Oscar Munoz; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. We also have Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President, Greg Hart, in the room to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jonathan, and thank you all for joining us today. As we look at the second quarter, we certainly made significant progress and as we continue to execute against our global operations better than our company has actually ever seen and at the same time delivering solid financial performance. As you can see on the chart, for the second quarter, we recorded a pre-tax profit of $1.4 billion and achieved pre-tax margins of 14.5%. Those are both excluding special items. For the quarter, we earned $2.61 of diluted earnings per share, which once adjusted for taxes, represents a 25% increase year-over-year, and we delivered this result while improving on our initial expectations. So, clearly, we accomplished a lot and I'm proud of the hard work of the United team. So, let me give you  give me a minute to thank all of our employees for their continued dedication to providing a positive and reliable experience for our customers. This can be seen as our operation continued to perform at a high level last quarter with our on-time performance improving over 11 points year-over-year, and on the heels of our best ever six month run on on-time arrivals and bag handling, we are now consistently performing at the level that we and our customers expect of us. Our focus has now shifted to maintaining this level of reliability while doing so more efficiently. We also completed an important milestone in our labor negotiations by reaching a joint tentative agreement with our flight attendants. If that applies, this agreement will bring our 20,000-plus flight attendants on to a single contract, relieving inefficiencies we have experienced over the last several years. And, most importantly, this will be an important step in unifying our airline to one shared purpose: to be the airline we know we can be. I want to extend a special thank you to the AFA for their dedication and effort in reaching this agreement. As we speak, our flight attendants are participating in road shows and submitting their votes and we look forward to seeing the results in mid-August. Speaking about flight attendants, training is already underway with them, and many of our other employees in preparation for the December launch of our new United Polaris business class. Discussion Construction has already started on the first Polaris launch in Chicago, production has also started on our new suite-like seats and the first wave of our chef-inspired menus are being finalized. The experience we're creating, as you know, is exactly, what our customers have asked for and we can't wait for you to enjoy yourself starting on the 1st of December. Now, back to the quarter. We also continued repurchasing our stock, spending approximately $700 million, representing just a little bit over 4% of our shares outstanding and as we announced yesterday, our board has approved an additional authorization for $2 billion. Many of you have heard me say, I believe in proof not promise. As you can see this quarter, we had many proof points that we're continuing to build a great airline. However, as we mentioned on our June Investor call, this is not enough and we fully acknowledge we aren't yet performing, from a financial perspective, to the level of our and your expectations and we're not standing still. This can be seen on slide five. On our June call, we laid out a description of the initiatives we are currently implementing and are expected to drive over $3 billion in benefit by 2018. If you've not seen our June presentation, I encourage you to go to our website and download. We expect these initiatives to contribute to driving incremental value and shrinking our margin gap to peers. We'll keep you updated on the progress of these initiatives. And we're not stopping there. We are currently in the middle of a thorough self-evaluation of all aspects of our business. In particular, as shown on slide six, we are working to identify ways to operate our airline more efficiently now as it's reached top tier reliability. We are also refining the mission of each geographic region, hub and spoke. Additionally, we are implementing a profit-maximizing product and segmentation strategy that best aligns with our customers. And finally, we have a cost gap to our peers that we're identifying and addressing those costs that are controllable. I am looking forward to presenting this next chapter of United at our fourth quarter Investor Day. But before I turn the call over to Jim, I'd like to speak to our future capacity plans. Let me start by saying we acknowledge, truly acknowledge the importance of returning to positive unit revenue, and, of course, we recognize that our future capacity plans directly impact the future PRASM performance. However, we must evaluate what our network is today, and the evolution to ensure that long-term optimization and sustainability of earnings is maintained. At times, this may include adding capacity to strengthen our best performing markets and ensuring we remain competitive. However, we determine that certain clients will not generate sustained profitability; we will then carefully consider modifying that capacity. Proof of our result is seen in us again reducing full year capacity 0.25 point. We have now reduced our 2016 capacity growth plans by 0.75 point. This is a meaningful demonstration of our responsiveness to the present demand environment, particularly given that our initial guidance have always been responsibly and conservatively disruptive. Our review and analysis won't stop here as we continue to closely evaluate future changes. Going forward, as we adjust our capacity we tend to update shareholders on these modifications. So, to wrap up, again, I want to thank our employees for another great quarter and a continued focus on our customers and continue to spend a lot of time visiting stations and I can't be more proud of the work they are all doing. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Thanks, Oscar. As you can see on slide eight, our second quarter revenue declined 6.6%, nearly a full point better than our initial expectations primarily due to international yields, 4th of July holiday timing and other initiatives. With respect to the third quarter, we expect our passenger unit revenue to decline approximately 5.5% to 7.5% year-over-year with domestic and international PRASM to be in those same ranges. On slide eight, we defined each of the major headwinds we anticipate for the third quarter summing to approximately 3.5 points of drag on PRASM. I'd now like to explain what we are seeing in the current demand environment. Leisure bookings have been strong as travelers are taking advantage of attractive fare levels and a strong U.S. dollar. Corporate travel bookings in the second quarter were essentially flat with revenue down approximately 3% as corporate yields continue to be pressured. Looking towards the rest of the year, we expect to see further softening of corporate yields as summer leisure travel subsides. We will closely monitor these effects as they impact our closing yield, high-yield revenue. On our April earnings call, we provided an outlook for fourth quarter PRASM and I'd like to update you on that today. Due to downward revisions for fourth quarter GDP as well as a growing concern in the pace of corporate yield recovery, our fourth quarter estimates have been revised downward. In response, as you have seen from our announcement yesterday, we are reducing second half capacity to better align with demand. On slide nine, we show specific actions we have taken in each geographic entity. I'll let you read through the details on your own but rest assured, we are actively managing our network to optimize results in a challenging revenue environment and are seeing the results. For instance, as a result of our capacity reallocation, Houston had the best year-over-year PRASM of any hub in June, followed closely by San Francisco and Denver. Taking all these regional dynamics into account, with respect to capacity, as can be seen on slide 10, we now anticipate full year capacity to grow between 1% and 1.5%. As Oscar mentioned, we are currently in the process of closely evaluating our capacity for the fourth quarter and 2017. As I wrap up, I want to reiterate our focus on maximizing profitability throughout our entire network. We are constantly evaluating the revenue and profitability landscape to ensure we have the proper plan in place. We continue to be committed to growing our capacity in line with demand but remain willing and prepared to adjust when necessary. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gerry.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim. A summary of our financial performance can be seen on slide 12 for GAAP financials and slide 13 for non-GAAP financials. Excluding special items, pre-tax earnings were $1.4 billion with a pre-tax margin of 14.5%. Importantly, our earnings per share were $2.61, a 25% improvement year-over-year when adjusted for taxes as we continue to repurchase shares. Moving to slide 14, non-fuel unit costs for the quarter grew 2.5%, when excluding special charges, profit sharing and third-party expenses. For the third quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs to grow 2.5% to 3.5% and for the full year, we continue to expect unit costs to grow to 2% to 3%, despite reducing capacity by almost 1 point versus initial expectations. This guidance includes the benefits of our annual efficiency savings initiatives from our 2013 cost savings program as well as our recently announced 2016 program. In total, we expect these two programs to drive $400 million of cost benefit when compared to 2015. This CASM guidance also includes the impact from the three ratified labor agreements reached this year, but does not include any assumptions associated with the tentative agreement we recently reached with our flight attendants. Once ratified, we will provide more specifics on the impact to our cost. Based on the guidance we have provided for revenue and costs, we expect our pre-tax margin to be between 13.5% and 15.5% for the third quarter. With respect to cash, in the second quarter, we generated approximately $2.5 billion of operating cash flow and $1.8 billion of free cash flow. As you can see on slide 15, during the quarter we invested approximately $770 million in the business and took delivery of two Boeing 787-9 aircraft and two Boeing 737-800 aircraft. As Oscar mentioned, we repurchased approximately $700 million of our shares in the quarter. As of the end of the second quarter, we still have approximately $255 million remaining on our prior $3 billion authorization. Additionally, as announced yesterday, our board has approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization. Returning cash to our shareholders is a core element of our capital allocation strategy. However, this will not be done at the expense of the health of our balance sheet, as maintaining manageable debt levels is critical to running the airline through a variety of economic cycles. In conclusion, throughout the quarter, we have continued to demonstrate strong cost discipline, a commitment to invest in our business and a desire to reward our shareholders. We believe the plan we have in place positions us well to continue these actions going forward, while allowing us to be nimble and responsive to a changing economic environment. I'll now turn it back over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Gerry. As you've heard, we've made substantial progress in the second quarter but we know there is more work to do. It has already been quite a busy summer and will continue to be up, for us here at United, as we work to set up our next chapter. I look forward to sharing more of this with you later in the year. I'd like to close by thanking our customers for flying United. Our operation is running well, our schedules are adapting to meet your needs and our airport and onboard products continue to elevate your flying experience. Thank you for choosing United and look forward to seeing you on a flight soon. With that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan for Q&A.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Oscar. We'll now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question. If you'd like to ask another question, please reenter the queue after your question has been addressed. Brendan, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, Jonathan. And from UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. I mean, can you just give us a sense of how you are thinking about  I know it's early but could you give us a sense of how you're thinking about 2017 capacity levels, at least to start the year?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Darryl. This is Jim. Hey, we're not  we're actually working on our 2017 plans, as I speak right now, and a lot of focus on that. So, it's too early for us to comment specifically on that. I will say, as we talked about this year and we talked about in the past years, we're focused on keeping capacity in line with demand. So, we're working through that process now and we plan to update you later in the year on what we're going to do in 2017.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, thank you. I'll surprise you with a non-RASM question. Gerry, if you assume that the current field curve and the RASM environment continues into next year, and you plug in some new labor contracts and the step up and CapEx that looks like you guys will have next year, that is the potential that consume most, if not all of your free cash flow next year. So, first of all, can you say whether you agree with that assessment and could you put a finer point on what CapEx looks like next year and how much flexibility you have to manage that down if the RASM environment remains challenging?
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Joe, one thing I talked before about looking at free cash flow net of aircraft financing, we've had this discussion that rather we choose to lease aircraft or buy aircraft that can make material difference in free cash flow. So, when I am looking at cash and cash allocation, I do take that into account. And we had to finalize our plan to aircraft financing closer to the start of the year, but just kind of looking at where our aircraft CapEx next year is and kind of what we did this year, I think it's reasonable to assume have a range of about half to two-thirds of our aircraft CapEx being financed next year. So you could probably plug that into your number. It could be a little bit less, it could be a little bit more depending on interest rates but in the current interest rate environment, as you've seen us and others do, the capital markets are quite attractive. So, that's one lever we have sort of depending on the environment how much of our aircraft CapEx is financed. In terms of other levers, we can always dial down non-aircraft CapEx. We've had reasonable experience doing that. Aircraft CapEx, the only comment I would make is that it tends to be the case that when a manufacturer is building an aircraft, they expect you to take it, and they tend to start cutting metal, call it 18 months, 15 months ahead of schedule. So, you pretty much lock in most of the year's aircraft sort of if not now, within the next few months but you can do a lot with aircraft beyond that and we've done that in the past when necessary.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on line. Please go ahead.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. So, Oscar, you mentioned that you're undertaking a self evaluation of all aspects of the business and there is some headlines, I think Bloomberg that says you guys are reviewing management hubs and operations. So, this is good, and this is, I think, a lot of people have been waiting to see. So, can you give us some color on this? Is this like a full scale what you would refer to sort of like a top to bottom strategic review? And can you give us maybe a sense of how to think about a timeline when you'll have something to say about these things? What is the potential set of outcomes or is this more not like a finite thing that's going to last six months or something, but more of just like an ongoing new approach to how you're thinking about writing the business? So, any color around this would be great. Thanks a lot.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think with regards to duration, I think companies make the mistake of doing these near-term things and then stopping. It's a dynamic world and you have to adjust accordingly but you have to start with a full blown thrust, and it's amazing how quick news travels. I just issued that note this morning to our employees. It is a top to bottom full-scale view on everything that we do. It's something that we have to do and acknowledge and that involves the management structure and who is aligned. I've always said that structure follows strategy and so developing in the near-term what our North Star is, has, I think, been the critical plan. So we do have a finite time period that we'll work through over the summer. We have a board meeting in September where we'll sort of talk a lot about this, and you'll hear about it in our fourth quarter Investor Day. And then, again, it will change as the dynamics of the competitive marketplace do. But we're excited. It is spanning the globe, if you will, with regards to the conversations we're having. We have more than a few work streams working around every little thing to product offerings, to the broader issues around capacity and network planning. And so, I think it's exciting. So, thank you for asking that.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, great. Thanks.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora on line. Please go ahead.
Andrew George Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. So, Oscar, United's operating performance from both in on-time and delay perspective has been steadily improving since last fall, but there has obviously been a lot of industry headwinds that have not allowed your PRASM to really show any benefit from this. I guess, one, what are some of the initiatives you believe have helped you get where you are operationally? And then, second, do you have an estimate of what kind of the PRASM benefit that you have gotten this year from this improved performance?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I was looking at Greg. I don't know that I have a number specifically for the PRASM impact. But with regards to your question about what's generating this, first and foremost is the incredible passion of the professionals that run our business. They have re-engaged in a way that we haven't seen in a long time. And that's just not me talking; you can ask a lot of folks that are seeing that benefit. They are just working hard and they're engaged and I think that's a big critical factor. In addition, over time, between project quality, a lot of the process and procedures and investments that we've made in the business, which are substantial, are all assisting those folks, giving them the tools to properly do their job. And the benefits, again, it's a good question that we should come up with a more quantitative answer. It is a significant value. I'd say running better is running cheaper and we are seeing that and we'll get you a better number here in the course of time.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Andrew, if I could add just from a customer perspective on what we're hearing in the marketplace, as Oscar said, the level of operations is really, really strong and the operations team has proven it's sustainable and durable. We're hearing that back from our customers. Our corporate sales force on a routine basis is very excited about, for instance, going in and bringing in the scorecard of our corporate guarantee. And year-to-date, six plus months into it, we're not paying on it, which means we're meeting our commitment on terms of our operations. So, that  as Oscar said, it's hard to put a PRASM on it. Those are the things that will lead to PRASM. We're seeing our local share in our hubs rebounding back to levels that we saw before some of our integration issues. And so, we're really, really excited about it. And lastly, on our call in June, we talked about $300 million of operational efficiency, as well as some of the what I call choice as we get back in terms of being a carrier of choice among our corporate partners. That's a line item in there that does relate to PRASM. So, as Oscar said, a little bit too early to put a specific number on it but we're getting the right momentum.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we said to the sales force, Jim and I, the notion that we can't sell anymore because we don't a particularly good product, that excuse is no longer on the table.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It fell away. Thank you..
Andrew George Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth on line. Please go ahead.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the update on your thinking on the fourth quarter. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more granularity as to which areas or maybe segments, international segments where you're feeling a little bit more concerned about what your thinking is on the kind of the progression here as you head into the end of the year.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. I think as we look out, and as I mentioned, fourth quarter, our expectations, given expectations of demand is measured by GDP declining, we expect obviously that to continue. The corporate business, although we see the demand flat, the revenue is down on lower yield. We expect that to continue. That's correlated to that expectations of GDP coming down, so that's part of what was driving it. So that's that domestic piece of our ability  of putting pressure on our ability that I talked about on our April call. Internationally, we did see weakness in trans-Atlantic PRASM in the second quarter. We're adjusting to that on our slide. We talked about the fourth quarter being down 1% to 2% capacity. So we're reacting to that, Our capacity was up about 2% in the second quarter. We're guiding to 0.6% to 1.6% in the third quarter and we're guiding to down 1% to 2%. So we're addressing some of that demand on the trans-Atlantic side aligning with that capacity with demand. Latin, we actually  that's the one where we actually see the quarter-over-quarter improvement on a RASM basis stronger than some of the other entities. And so, we feel good about where the Latin entity is heading as we head into the fourth quarter. On the Pacific side, it's really from a demand perspective, a lot of the things we talked about in the past with OA capacity. I will say our launches of our new markets are meeting or exceeding our expectations. We are particularly proud that we jumped back in the trans-Atlantic on this, but our San Fran/Tel Aviv flight is doing exceptionally well and our Asia flights are all meeting and exceeding our expectations. But the demand  there is still OA capacity demand. We are starting  we have an opportunity to start San Fran/Shanghai number two in October. So we're seeing a little bit of capacity from that but we think that over the long run that's the right investment for us to make.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker on line. Please go ahead.
Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Jim, you've cited that GDP expectations are coming down but GDP is still growing, yet it's revenue that's declining. So, in other words, that long-term relationship between GDP and revenue appears to be decoupling, Ken (28:00). Now, I understand why this happened when the Internet came along. I understand why it happened briefly during the financial crisis, but I can't point to a secular cause over the last 18 months. So, this leaves us with the obvious conclusion that revenue weakness has to be self-inflicted. Do you share this view or can you identify something secular that's causing this decoupling? Because if you're a rental car agency, and we're talking about Uber, okay, I can kind of figure it out. I can't cite what that secular change might be.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah. Hey, Jamie, I think there is that one correlation with fuel price that has that impact on revenue. We talked about surcharges over time and so forth being down and that correlation in terms of how fuel has affected revenue. So, some of that  because I do agree in 2015, you're right: industry revenue as a percent of GDP was down and was an inflection point from previous years and I expect that will continue again today. And so, other than that correlation to fuel, I'll go back to the other thing we've talked about right? We have seen capacity grow faster than demand and that's putting pressure on yields and corporate demand is not growing at the pace. The corp yields, the corporate demand is not growing at that pace of capacity. We are pretty consistent. I mean, we're back to our initial year guidance on capacity and we're down from that initial year guidance on capacity, and that capacity even where we're guiding today will be less than what expectations of GDP today that we are talking to. So we're managing our plan in this environment and we feel pretty good about it. The last thing I would say is that on the June call we talked about our slimline and upgauge program. We have some modest growth in the third quarter. That capacity becomes really margin accretive. And so where leisure bookings are strong that's the capacity to absorb that leisure bookings. Lower RASM but at extremely lower cost CASM. So we really feel good about the plan we're rolling out.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jamie, this is Oscar. Jamie?
Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Great go ahead, please.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no. You get one question. You got to get back in line but I just (30:40) by the way, it's a very thoughtful question as all of them are but the concept of the self-inflicted portion I think is a very interesting one, and somebody had asked me earlier about the work that we're doing here over the summer. We have to explore that a little bit to make sure that we're not just following historical conventional wisdom all the time because again, as I said, it's a dynamic marketplace and we have to find either the secular impacts or things that we can generate or do better. So, thanks. We'll go to the next call.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for the time. Jim, a question for you. On slide eight, you did a good job of providing just color on PRASM and some of the drivers there. But it seems to only explain about half of the weakness in your unit revenues, right? I mean, just a simple math, you've got 3.5 points out of that 6.5 points. What are some of the other drivers? What are we missing out there?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: I think the other drivers are little bit of  I just mentioned, capacity is growing faster than demand across the industry and that's putting pressure on yields in an environment where corporate demand is not keeping up with that pace of capacity. And that higher yielding demand that's not there at that greater capacity puts pressure on PRASM. And the other piece is that modest capacity, in that modest capacity growth we have, if you look at our domestic, we will actually be slightly down in departures in the third quarter to drive that modest capacity growth. That's that margin accretive initiatives that we talked about in June giving a little bit more hold as we roll though the year. So, that's slimline growth and the upgauge strategy becoming less dependent on the regional and more dependent on to the main line. Again, it offers us ancillary product both first class and Economy Plus. But it does come in at RASM that's lower than the average but an even lower CASM which makes the margin accretive. Those are really the elements that are putting pressure on RASM.
Operator: From Credit Suisse we have Julie Yates on line. Please go ahead.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, another one for you. Just when put out the flat RASM targets in April, what level of sequential improvement were you expecting at the time for the third quarter? I'm just trying to reconcile Q2 coming in at the better end of your range but the outlook for H2 has worsened. So, just trying to calibrate expectations on what the sequential improvement looks like from here?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: If I got the question correct, what we kind of thought third quarter sequential improvement would have been when we made that?
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Correct. Like how much did the outlook for the third quarter deteriorate since the April call?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: It has come down. And so  and due to that kind of revision down in GDP, the specific number, I don't have that in front of me where we were at from a forecast point of view. But given those GDP revisions, as that related to fourth quarter it's also impacting third quarter. So that weakness is rolling to the third quarter also.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, understood. Is there an updated timeframe in which you are expecting the different entities to get back to flat deposit of RASM?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Again, we're not  I'm not  I don't have...
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: We're really focused on profitability, as Oscar mentioned in his comment. And so our initiatives out there are focused on doing that. As we lay out that game plan, we're focused on optimizing RASM every day and then put some RASM. And so, as we move through the rest of this quarter into the fourth quarter, we'll be able to get a little more insight and kind of continue to update you guys where we think PRASM is and ultimately where that lands relatively to positive PRASM growth.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Mike Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Jim, I want to go back to  you talked about further softening of corporate yields. I couldn't tell if that was just a continuation of what we were seeing or is it just noticeable deterioration from where we were a few months back. And the fact that you  I mean, you mentioned that demand seems to be fine and yet yields are under pressure, how much of that is a function of some of the changes to the fare structures with respect to advanced purchase restrictions maybe going away or Saturday night stays, some of the expenses getting lifted off, sort of lifted away. I mean, maybe that speaks to the point that Jamie brought up about the fact that we're sort of seeing a breakdown here between revenue and GDP. Some of it is related to just the structure out there and maybe the prevalence of a much more liberal fare regime in place. Thoughts on that?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Mike. Thanks for the question. I think pricing actions always affect PRASM, but I think it's more a continuation of what the demand that we're seeing where demand is relatively flat on lower yields. So, one thing, as you move into a summer peak period and you have that leisure demand strength, it actually, with lack of better words props up your inventory. And so, your lower inventory buckets are not as open as much. One of the things we're watching as we move past that peak period of summer season is strong leisure demand. And to your point, kind of the corporate demand being relatively flat, that can put relatively more pressure on yields relative to the third quarter where you have peak demand, strong from the June, July, August months. But to answer your question, we're kind of seeing demand where it was at. I would note that as energy sector continues to be down year-over-year, it's decelerating at a slower rate. So, that's also putting pressure on us on a year-over-year basis as we go forward.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen & Company, we have Helane Becker on line. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, guys. Thank you for the time. And, Oscar, as we look ahead to your business over the next say two years to five years and during this time period of the revenue improvement that you outlined last month, is there an earnings per share target we should be thinking about that you are thinking about managing to or should we not be looking at it as an EPS target, should we be looking at it as an operating margin target?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a great question and one that we are in the process of developing with that specific public measure that we're going to be driving to and obviously keeping you updated on. They all have merit. We're going to pursue all of them and certainly, it's more profitable; it's margin improvement; it's closing the margin gap to others or whatever the big drivers are. It's a great question but we will certainly definitely tell you at our fourth quarter Investor Day. It will be the culminating part of our conversation I suspect.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. We'll look forward to it. Thanks.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for the time here. Jim, I am wondering where are we at with respect to, I'll call it enhanced revenue management technology getting rolled out. So, the entry-level fares product, I believe United in the past had been targeting the fourth quarter. I am just wondering is that still the case and what does it mean for United exactly here?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Dan. Entry-level fares, yeah we are still targeting second half of this year, a lot of work going on in that area to roll that product out into the marketplace. We're very excited and when you asked what it means for United, it's going to allow us to have a price point that allows us to compete for sure against ultra-low cost carriers and allow us to move some of the dilution that we've placed on ourselves today with our current fare structure. So we're very excited about that. We see that rolling out in the second half of the year. And so, we look forward to updating you on that. And it will be significant, in our earnings call. We talked about revenue initiatives, of strong customer choice revenue initiatives of $2.5 billion by 2018. That entry-level fare is a piece of that but also pieces of that as we update and become much reliable on the regional carriers and introduce more first class and the Economy Plus will drive other components of ancillary revenue that we have out there today. And then, finally, on revenue management, as I mentioned on the call in June, we're in the process of moving to a new forecasting model. We call it Gemini. We're in the market. About 2% or 3% of our overall domestic revenue is affected by it and we're getting good results. And so, that is also part of our 2018 initiatives that we talked about that rolling out and we'll update you as we ago but we're still in the very early testing phases of it but getting good results from it.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go, ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Hey, thanks good morning. So, going back to Mike's question, our checks suggest that you've actually tried to show some leadership with respect to restoring advanced purchase requirements. Would you comment on your experience in this regard and if the more reluctant party was willing to restore these fences as well, what is that worth to United or the industry?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey. This is Jim. Yeah. I'm not going comment on pricing initiatives in the marketplace both ours and other carriers. I'm just not going to comment on that.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Okay. Could I get a second, since I didn't get a byte on that? Jim, do you feel better about year-over-year unit revenue improvement during the peak leisure demand period or during a pure corporate demand period like September?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Well, as I mentioned, it's  you know, the leisure period drives relatively better unit revenue in the peak summer months relative to other periods of the year. It's a little early for us to get a good handle on corporate demand as we move past the Labor Day weekends; we're very much focused on it. There are things we're lapping across our system that we've talked about in terms of how it affects unit revenue. On the corporate side, we're seeing flattish demand on lower yields and we're seeing GDP revisions step down and so we're keeping a close eye on that. Again, that's why we've adjusted capacity. Our capacity adjustments that we made to the rest of the year are across the system both international and domestic, and we'll continue to do that as we watch demand going forward.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Stephens, we have Jack Atkins. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for the time. As it relates to the slimline seats, could you give us an update on how much of your domestic network has already been outfitted with these slimline seats and is there a way to sort of summarize the impact that could have in terms of profitability on a seat mile basis?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Slimline, our program is little bit over 50% rolled out right now. In our June call, we talked about it being 50%, so we're beyond that as we're into July now. So it's little bit 50%-plus on the whole network. And so that program is past the halfway point on the slimline side. In terms of profitability, it comes at a lower RASM but a lower CASM and we haven't put numbers around what that's worth yet. As we walk through the rest of the year, we'll update you folks on our initiatives and we can put some more color on that going forward. We did talk about that program, slimline and upgauge program, driving $800 million of contribution by 2018. So, we'll be able to update you where we are at as we go forward.
Operator: Okay. And from UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for the follow-up. I'm just wondering the cost reduction targets that you guys provided on June 21 and then today's presentation again. Is there a portion of that that's specifically related to achieving a joint collective bargaining agreement with flight attendants?
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: No. That's...
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: That's the incremental (44:50)
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: It's Gerry. Those cost target is unrelated to the collective bargaining agreements.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: But, I guess, presumably, getting a deal done with the flight attendants would allow you to realize some of the merger synergies that were originally intended. Are you saying that that would be incremental to your $1.3 billion cost reduction target?
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We look at that separately, that can depend.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Any  sorry, Oscar.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead with your third question.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: I was just going to ask if there was  if you could provide an updated view on what that -if you could help quantify that synergy from the integration effort and I'll leave it at that? Thanks
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have not done that for a host of different reasons but there are incredible inefficiencies by the way its structured today and we are so anxious to put this behind us for so many different reasons. One of them being the efficiency, mostly the level of service we could provide across our system. So, thank you.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Gerry, just on the CASM outlook for the year. You took 50 bps or 25 bps, I guess, out of the full year capacity guidance. How much pressure did that put on CASM? Is the FX environment helping the CASM outlook now? If you could just help us understand the relationship between kind of capacity reductions and how much pressure that puts on CASM.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: It puts some pressure on CASM. We've dealt with this in the past. Last year, in a situation of declining capacity versus our original guidance, we managed CASM down actually. So, this is all part of the process we have of always looking at opportunities to run the business more efficiently and to drive the cost savings through the various initiatives we have. It's not one thing. It's just all those little things that add up to our ability to manage CASM even in a declining capacity environment.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on line. Please go ahead.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, again thanks. So, Jim, you said that corporate bookings are about flat with revenues down about 3%. Is it fair to assume that that entire gap is driven by the concept that you've referred to in the past as dilution and is it fair to assume that the main thrust or one of the main thrusts of Gemini is to minimize dilution and in that regard as it relate to the small market that you roll it out, you said you're seeing good results. Is that effectively minimizing dilution or is it good results from other stuff that maybe we're not appreciating that we know about? Thanks.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hi, this is Jim. You're absolutely right. It's minimizing dilution and that's the result that we're seeing. That's what we're targeting and in our test market that's also what we're seeing. So, it's consistent with what our expectations were.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth on line. Please go ahead.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking the extra question. Just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the  and what we're seeing on the energy demand in terms of kind of the decline. I just want to make sure I understand. It seems like it's still declining but the comps are getting easier. And then also just from a newer perspective, I don't think we have seen much kind of in the way of volumes in additions of new capacity coming in and then wanted your latest thoughts on what's happening in Newark? Thanks.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. As it relates  you broke up a little bit on the question  in terms of Newark and the removal of slots, yeah, I think, we've seen  we work really, really closely with the FAA, and other carriers. The FAA would say they're oversubscribed in the peak slot period. And on their Level 2, they've worked with the carriers to make sure that we don't deteriorate the operations at Newark. And so we're hopeful and in very close contact with the FAA on that, working with them to do that. Outside of that, we're not seeing that much in terms of OA growing capacity. And so as it relates to  that's what we're seeing that's happening in Newark right now.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just the clarification on the energy decline?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Oh, on the energy, I am sorry. In terms of energy, we're still seeing the decline in energy demand. It is coming at a decelerated pace than what we've seen in the past but it's cumulative so it is impacting our RASM as we move through the rest of the year. The energy sector continues to weaken but at a slower rate.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have Rajeev Lalwani. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the follow up. Just on the capacity side internationally, is there anything that you're seeing today that would lead you to believe that industry growth is going to slow materially from that sort of mid-to-high single digit range? I'm just trying to figure out if it's reasonable to assume that international PRASM just remains materially negative as we look into next year.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah. This is Jim. Again, we'll focus on United's capacity. The one piece I'll point out is in Asia and the China capacity. There is limits to capacity growth based on the bilateral that's agreed between China and the U.S. government. And those bilaterals are almost to the point where they've been met. So that will have a natural kind of slowdown in capacity growth from the main U.S. to China. But I wouldn't to comment on other industry capacity around other regions of the world.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: But on that 10 points that you noted capacity growth for the industry in 2Q in Asia, how much of that would actually come down with what you are describing in China?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: We saw capacity growth in China grow over 20% in Q2. And so, obviously, there is run rates that affect as you think about going forward. But pretty much all of it, the  we're close the route authorities being granted between the two countries work (52:00) out but we did see capacity growing at a little bit over 20% in the second quarter.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Mike Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, thanks for the follow-up question. Hey just  and this is for Gerry, just with respect to strengthening the balance sheet. When I sort of look at later this year, it looks like there is some additional cash contributions to the pension. When I think about the amount of stock that you want to buy back and your CapEx even after the piece that's been financed, how should we think about your debt levels going forward? Are they going to stay sort of relatively constant or should we anticipate meaningful debt pay down as we sort of move into 2017 and 2018? How should we think about that? Thanks Gerry.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP-Finance & acting Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So, Mike, the important point is that we need to maintain a healthy balance sheet. We're there, particularly when you talk  when you add our pension obligation, and when I talk about healthy balance sheet, it's really about managing through a cycle. And we're very comfortable that we would continue to have access to capital through a cycle. We have about $8 billion of unencumbered assets. So I'm comfortable with where our leverage is today, given our business and given what we're trying to do. So, we don't need to significantly reduce leverage at all. And with the additional CapEx I expect over the next few years, I said when we raised our CapEx guidance back in March with the additional aircrafts our 50 (53:44) seat issue, as well as the early retirement of 747. All of those aircrafts, I would expect to finance and with sort of the range I put out earlier on the call and what I expect to do next year, I think if you run the arithmetic, you would not see a decline in our gross debt number over the next year or two.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. Thanks, Gerry.
Operator: And from Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey, thanks for the follow-up here. Jim, another question on the $3.1 billion in initiatives underway, I think a big part of the story is improving efficiency via upgauging. And I think, the domestic upgauging is pretty well understood but if I'm not mistaken, there is also a wide body upgauging that is just beginning, which should aid margins on the international part of the network. And I'm just wondering if you can elaborate a little bit further on that?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Dan, it's Jim. The international upgaugings are really, really small piece, and it's driven mainly by the 767-300 conversions to two class. So that's driving a little bit of that upgauging. It's a really, really small piece of the upgauging that we talked about on our $3.1 billion initiative.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: And, in addition, as you think about 2018, when the A-350s come, that fleet will all be part of international upgauging but again in total very small piece.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Dan, and thank you to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer Gregory L. Hart - Chief Operations Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC Helane Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc. Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2016. My name is Brendon and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Jonathan Ireland, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brendon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. Number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Oscar Munoz; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. We also have Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Greg Hart in the room to assist with Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jonathan. And thank you all for joining us this morning. For the first quarter, we recorded a pre-tax profit of $688 million excluding special items, our eighth consecutive quarter of profitability and our highest first quarter pre-tax profit ever. We achieved dilutive earnings per share of $1.23 excluding special items, a 28% increase versus last year when adjusting for taxes. And as you all know we repurchased $1.5 billion of common stock. Reflecting back on the quarter, I'm particularly proud of our operational performance which again showed significant improvement. Our first quarter consolidated on-time performance was more than 12 points better year-over-year and we had 3,600 fewer cancellations, a 20% reduction versus the first quarter of last year. This improvement demonstrates the dedication, passion, and hard work of United's aviation professionals. I know as I travel the system, I see the renewed engagement, excitement and energy that our nearly 86,000 employees around the world are bringing to work every day. I'd like to thank them for their efforts and dedication, particularly their work through this winter season. This quarter's results show great strides forward and with our sense of shared purpose and the investments we continue to make in people, processes, and systems, we're positioned for even greater success in the months ahead. On the commercial side of the business, we launched our Global Performance guarantee, which links our corporate contracts to operational performance, showing both our confidence and commitment to running a consistently reliable operation. With respect to our network as part of our industry-leading Pacific strategy, we announced an enhanced partnership with Air China, and a joint venture with Air New Zealand, both of which are expected to expand our global reach. We also announced several routes that further strengthen our global footprint, including the first ever non-stop service by a U.S. carrier to Hangzhou, our sixth Chinese destination. We also became the first U.S. airline to serve Israel non-stop from the West Coast connecting two of the world's most influential technology communities. Now, having said this, we know we are facing some revenue challenges. We are making good progress on a number of initiatives to improve revenue, but some of them like a more reliable operation and improved customer satisfaction as you know have a lagging effect. I expect these improvements along with other commercial initiatives will drive improved revenue performance as we move into the back half of this year. Now turning to our people, as I've said many times reaching new agreements with our representative employees is one of my highest priorities. We have already made great progress with our pilots, dispatchers and IAM representative work groups, all ratified contract extensions this year. This represents half of our unionized workforce. We remain focused on getting contracts like these for our flight attendants and technicians and we plan to keep working closely with the unions to make that happen. Lastly, as you have heard, yesterday we announced additional changes to our board. I want to welcome the two new board members and I look forward to working alongside them and our other recently elected members over the upcoming years. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jim and Gerry. Jim?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Thanks, Oscar. As you can see on slide six through the first quarter, our consolidated unit revenue declined 7.4%. The four primary drivers we identified at the beginning of the quarter impacted our PRASM performance in line with initial expectations. In addition, while we had anticipated that the timing of Easter would have some impact on close-in business travel, it proved to be greater than we had expected. While we have seen total bookings return to pre-Easter levels, we are closely monitoring the mix of business and leisure bookings. Turning to the second quarter: We expect our passenger unit revenue to decline approximately 6.5% to 8.5% year-over-year with domestic PRASM expected to be down approximately 3.5% to 5.5% and international PRASM expected to be down approximately 11% to 13%. While the primary drivers of this decline are consistent with the first quarter, we are beginning to lapse some of the effects from last year, somewhat muting the impact on a year-over-year basis. For the consolidated system, we expect the strong dollar, lower surcharges, the Houston and energy market weakness and competitive pressures to drive approximately 3.25 points of softness. While these drivers explain a portion of the unit revenue decline, they don't capture all of it. As can be seen on slide seven, the remaining headwinds unit revenue is largely driven by passenger demand, using GDP as a proxy, not keeping pace with capacity. Like any supply versus demand relationship, this is creating downward pressure on pricing. This is particularly evident in the international markets where United is more exposed than any other U.S. carrier. While United has consistently grown at/or below the rate of GDP, this dynamic is creating a unit revenue headwind to United of approximately 2.5 points. Turning to slide eight; we are taking specific actions in each market to improve our unit revenue performance in this environment with a focus on maximizing near-term profitability while also positioning ourselves for longer term success. In the domestic market, this includes redirecting capacity to capitalize and changing demand patterns, introducing entry level fares to increase segmentation and reduce dilution; launching marketing and sales initiatives that leverage our improving reliability and further rolling out two-cabin service in top business market. We expect that these actions, along with improving reliability and customer satisfaction, will drive domestic unit revenue to be flat to positive in the fourth quarter. With respect to the international markets, we expect Latin PRASM to turn positive by the fourth quarter, benefiting from reduced Brazil flying. While we are currently experiencing softness in the Atlantic due to recent events, we see strong summer bookings and expect to get close to flat PRASM by the fourth quarter. Unit revenue recovery in the Pacific will take more time. And surcharges and a strong U.S. Dollar continued to impact our performance. In spite of this, we are very optimistic that the Pacific entity, one of our true competitive differentiators, will see sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement this year despite continued pressure from industry growth, which is not uncommon in developing high opportunity markets like China. We are also prepared to reduce overall capacity where appropriate. We have made some targeted reductions to our schedule, pulling down flying in Houston, Brazil, and the Middle East. And as you can see on slide nine, we now expect our 2016 capacity to grow 1% to 2%, a half a point reduction from our previous full year of capacity guidance. In conclusion, during the first quarter, we continued to generate high levels of profitability, despite the unit revenue pressures we experienced across our system. We are taking very deliberate actions within our network and we'll continue to adjust our flying with a goal to maximize long-term profitability and return to positive unit revenues. With that, I'll turn it over to Gerry.
Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. A summary of our financial performance for the quarter can be seen on slide 11. Our net income declined by approximately $200 million year-over-year as this quarter was the first quarter in a number of years in which we booked significant federal taxes. Pre-tax earnings improved by approximately $100 million due to lower oil prices, partially offset by lower revenue and higher non-fuel expense. Our pre-tax margin was 8.4%, a meaningful improvement compared to last year. More significantly when adjusted for taxes, our earnings per share of $1.23 increased 28% versus last year. Details on our fuel expense which decreased by almost $700 million year-over-year are shown on slide 12. This decrease was driven by lower fuel prices, improved fuel efficiency and reduced hedge losses. Looking forward what we have not added to our hedge book since July of 2015, we're still 12% hedged for the remaining nine months of 2016 and as of yesterday are in a loss position of approximately $80 million including premium expense. Moving to slide 13, non-fuel unit costs for the quarter grew 1.3% when excluding special charges, profit sharing and third-party expenses. We continue to manage our costs to improve the efficiency and cost structure of the airline. For the second quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs to grow 2.5% to 3.5%; and for the full year, we now expect unit costs to grow 2% to 3%. This guidance includes the benefit of annual efficiency savings initiatives totaling over $1.1 billion. These savings initiatives were achieved a full year in advance of our initial expectations and are providing over $100 million more in sustainable savings than our original goal. Our guidance also includes the impact of the three recently ratified labor agreements. We expect the newly ratified IAM agreement to have a marginal impact on 2016 expenses. For 2017, we expect the impact of the three contracts to be approximately three-quarters of a point of CASM. Based on the guidance we have provided for cost and revenue, we expect our pre-tax margin to be between 13% and 15% for the second quarter. With respect to cash, in the first quarter, we generated approximately $1.2 billion of operating cash flow and $376 million of free cash flow. As you can see on slide 14, during the quarter, we invested approximately $820 million in the business. We took delivery of three 787s, two 737s and one used A319. And we added six Embraer E175s to our regional fleet. We also announced additional aircraft orders for 65 Boeing 737-700 aircrafts. These aircraft will allow us to reduce the size of our 50-seat regional fleet to address the regional pilot shortage while providing customers with larger two-cabin aircraft with greater amenities. Importantly, as we transition out of 50-seat aircraft into the larger gauge mainline aircraft, we expect to begin generating structural cost benefits of up-gauging and reducing departures. During the quarter, we also announced plans to accelerate deliveries of certain wide body aircraft to facilitate the early retirement of our 747s, as the 747s' cost and complexity to operate continues to be a burden. This decision does not represent an increase to overall CapEx, capacity, or total fleet size. Our sustained cash generation over the last few quarters and the discounted value of our stock led us to repurchase $1.5 billion worth of stock in the first quarter, representing 8% of shares outstanding. Based on the progress we've made to-date and cash flow expectations for the rest of the year, we now anticipate completing our $3 billion share repurchase authorization by the end of the third quarter this year. In conclusion, we showed once again the first quarter solid cost discipline while investing in our business and returning significant cash to shareholders. Going forward, we will continue to execute on our plan to improve our financial performance and secure a strong future for our employees, customers, and shareholders. I'll now turn it back over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, sir. So while I'm pleased with all of the accomplishments within the quarter, I got to say it's the future that has me and us excited. Thus, after spending time with many of you share owners over the last few months, I know there's a strong desire to learn more about certain initiatives we have underway and of course their impact on the bottom line. To that end, we'll be holding an investor call on June 21st to describe in more detail many of these initiatives and their contributions to earnings over the next several years. I look forward to that conversation. But before opening up for questions, I'd like to thank our customers for choosing United. They have a choice, and I appreciate your business. So, with that, I'll turn it over back to Jonathan.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Oscar. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question; and if needed, one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. And please hold for a moment while we assemble our queue. From Barclays, we have David Fintzen online. Please go ahead.
David Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Question on  really for Oscar. Now that you've gotten a little more time in the seat, can you just talk us through a little bit of how you see the earnings gap to your peers and in large buckets, how do you think about the mix of revenue and cost in sort of closing that gap over time?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, there's no mistaking that our various airlines domestically are built differently and we clearly have our own strengths and challenges. Our higher cost hubs  and structurally we are less  we are a little bit  little less reliable. But I think of it from the standpoint that we have I believe better business markets and certainly better international gateways. Those are a little bit more competitive than others. But as we think about building a playbook, our own playbook, not copying others, is I think the strategic work that we have to continue to do; and so as I think of your question, I think we have to sort of double down on three areas of strategic focus. Certainly we need to win on revenue. And it's just not markets and schedule and price but it's product and service. Execution, which we're doing a great job already. Reliability certainly; productivity, just heard Gerry talk about that in a significant way. Cost of course is included in that and then technology which we haven't talked about. We look forward to sharing some of that in June. And people always kind of wink at me when we say this but winning on trust with our employees and then speaking to them and then through to our customers and of course invariably to you as share owners. So we're still in the early innings, the momentum is building in the system across all these areas. But it's a combination of all of those, David.
David Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then when I look at the international RASM outlook, I mean, should we think of those things as just short term oversupply issues or kind of more of the macro or do you think you're going back to sort of the revenue side in closing that gap, I mean, is this something that you think is more structural in nature that's further developing?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey David, this is Jim. The way I think on the international side is clearly depending on the regions of the world, take China, for instance, where passenger demand is growing at a fast pace even in that high capacity. So we believe that over the long-term that capacity and demand will come in line. What we're excited about is our uniqueness as to how we're participating in China. It's unique in the sense that as Oscar mentioned two new secondary cities in China; that growth that I mentioned out of China, half of that will come from secondary cities. It's the fleet that we have and the flexibility of the 787, it's really allowing us to play in that market at a fairly early stage in a very profitable entity that runs at a high profitability. Quite frankly, at a profitability that's no different than our domestic. So we believe that as demand catches up to the capacity level out there, we will be able to close that year-over-year RASM. And I mentioned in my comments we actually see closing much of that during the year as we move to the fourth quarter.
David Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Appreciate that. And I look forward to learning more about the playbook. Thanks.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi online. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Jim, just two questions for you. One just on your  I'm not sure what you guys want to call it. But the kind of basic economy fare that you guys plan to roll out. Is there any updated timing on when that's going to be launched and is the benefit from that factored into your expectation for flat domestic PRASM by 4Q?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hi, Joseph, we're targeting second half of the year. So no change to our timeline that we talked about and very excited about and yes, it's a piece  it's one of the initiatives that as I described in my comments of how we're very much focused on moving PRASM to flatten upward and that is a big piece of it. The concept of it is to allow us to compete more effectively with low cost carriers. And the second piece of it, it will allow us to move some of the dilution that happens in the marketplace given the fare structure we have today. So, yes, absolutely that's part of our path to that flat deposited PRASM in the fourth quarter.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just one for Oscar actually. I think that the CapEx increase that you guys announced surprised some people. Oscar, I'm just wondering if you can you talk about given how short of a time period you have been there, you don't have a permanent CFO in place at this point. What made you feel comfortable to announce such a big increase to your CapEx profile over the next couple of years?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a combination of things certainly aging of the 47 fleet that needed to be replaced, plain and simple. And on the 37s, it's actually economically viable and accretive rather than not and having to jump on those slots with regards to what was available to us. So, a combination of those things. I can tell you that not only myself, but the team was very deeply involved in that conversation. And we didn't do that lightly knowing what the reaction might be with regards to increased CapEx. Jim, would you add anything?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: And the only thing that I would add is on the 737s, keep in mind, we had a real problem. There is a regional pilot shortage that compelled us to deal with the significant reduction in 50-seat flying. And when we did our analysis to say, okay, what should replace that looking in the new and the used market, we took some used aircraft, as many as made economic sense. In the new aircraft market, we looked at all of the available options. They are all good aircraft, but the lowest cost choice for us is the 737 and 700.
Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online. Please go ahead.
Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, hello. Oscar, there's a little question that you delivered a pretty unimpressive guide for the second quarter. And I realize that with everything going on with the board, that may have been a distraction and you know you're getting involved with the flight attendant negotiations. Nobody is accusing you of not having a full plate here. But traditionally when companies start falling further and further behind their competitors and based on the guide that is what you expect in the second quarter, they're faced with three choices. You can do nothing. You can simply try harder. Or you can come up with a new plan. So, my question is simple. Does mediocrity suffice, is fixing United as simple as rolling up your sleeves and relying on easier comps or is something significantly more radical, a change in course ultimately required?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Is that a leading question, Jamie? I'm going to go with mediocrity for 200 planes. It's  I think one of the things that is important to know is that we ain't conceding anything on anyone, and so what we've been doing is flying profitably. I have watched and monitored how that works. We need to be, in my mind, a bit more disruptive in the marketplace. I think we've been standing by a little bit too much. Now, exactly what that means and how we do it thoughtfully and from a share owner, sort of value-creating perspective is the work we're beginning to do. Interestingly enough, I have a couple new board members that have a lot of knowledge and ability in that space. I will lean hard on them with that regard. But, no, it definitely has to change. Accepting the same thing constantly over and over especially in this market. There would be decreasing demand, overall global economic picture, our increase in expenses on the labor side and all those things. We have to do things differently through many, many factors. And so you will see some of that thrust here over the next few months. As far as the initiatives, some of the values of those initiatives will be there. But certainly, again, there is a lagging effect. But, no, there is no one standing by here just waiting for these things to clear up. And hopefully it will get better. We've got to take some action.
Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That helps. And on that lagging effect, presumably, the investments that you're making in labor aren't driven by a sense of charity. Rather they're intended to generate a return at some point, presumably in the form of better RASM, more corporate share preference by business travelers to make United their first choice and all that kind of stuff. So, in your mind, once labor is embraced, compensated and energized, how long do you think it's likely to take before you start to generate a financial return on those efforts?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, I'll just correct one thing. I think my family here is damn energized already. So we've got a good hard step on that. How and long it will take, I don't know that I am capable at this point in time with projecting that. The way I'll see it and monitor it and present it very transparent to you  every little step we take forward, we're going to highlight for you. And how long it's going to take, it's hard to tell. We didn't get here overnight, and we're likely not to get out overnight. But I want to have initiatives that have a more immediate sort of value that you can see. I really believe in this concept of proof, not promises. Again, my history is laden with that, and that's what we're going to work through. So, again, as far as timing, Jamie, it's too early for me to tell you any specific timeframe.
Jamie N. Baker - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Oscar, thank you for your answers. Take care.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker online. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody, and thank you very much for the time. I know that the first quarter is generally your toughest quarter anyway and you generally underperform your peer group. When you look at the performance in the first quarter to the second quarter, given that the unit revenue guide is kind of flattish to maybe even a little worse, can you just talk about the dynamics that get that revenue decline continued as opposed to sequential improvement?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Helane. This is Jim. You're right. Seasonally, our first quarter is our more difficult quarter. And we are working hard in terms of that sequential RASM to improve that. I do want to emphasize the international exposure. The domestic RASM from the first quarter to the second quarter does, with our guidance, show a sequential improvement. So we are focused very much so on that international side in particular and we've made some capacity adjustments. That's part of our guidance down to 1% to 2% capacity guidance. That half point drop from our previous guidance is all international. So one is to react to the market out there on the international side, and to make sure that our capacity moves more in line with demand. As we move through, particularly it's still the second quarter, a shoulder period, for instance, in Trans-Atlantic. We see strong bookings in the summertime for Trans-Atlantic that will help with that sequential RASM as we move through the year. We've made initiatives in Latin America that beginning in the second quarter our capacity through the rest of the year is basically flat after doing seasonally adjusted capacities to capture demand in each markets, for instance, that drove our capacity up, very strong margins, but that put pressure on RASM. So our focus is on that international side, the initiatives to move capacity to right places as well as to drive the initiatives. And in addition, the great work by the operations team and reliability, given that work, we're beginning to see already in our hubs, signs of our share beginning to improve. And we think that will continue and spread and drive that RASM as we go through the year.
Helane Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks for that very comprehensive answer. I just have a question about the first quarter the decline in regional capacity purchase expense. As you shift more capacity to the mainline from the regionals, shouldn't that expense line actually decline further? And how should we think about the mix between mainline and regional revenue given that your mainline revenue declined more than regional for the first quarter, and maybe it should have been more balanced?
Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer: Helane, let me address the cost piece of it. But clearly as we shift from regional to mainline, you'll see a continual drop in regional expense. Some of that, though, is going to be offset by the increased cost of the regional flying as they have  the regional airlines have their own pressures that they have to deal with, and that becomes more expensive flying. But generally with the decline of the 50-seat flying, you'll see a drop in regional expense.
Helane Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Thanks very much for all those answers.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Helane, I will just add to that as we shift to the mainline, remember, it creates revenue opportunity. Those 50-seaters don't have economy, plus they don't have a first-class cabin. And we continue to see great up-sell in the first-class cabin as well as strong economy plus sales.
Helane Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you, Jim.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie. Please go ahead.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Jim, thanks for all the commentary. I appreciate the presentation as well everybody. But, Jim, in your commentary, you talked about being open to adjusting overall capacity. And I'm wondering if you can elaborate a little bit further. Specifically, I'm just wondering what international entity is driving the biggest sequential revenue deterioration exactly. And I'm wondering what demand trends need to transpire before you might get more aggressive. And however you might talk about that, whether it be bookings or revenues that might be falling short, and how quickly you might be able to respond.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Dan. Thanks for the question. I think the Pacific is quite frankly the biggest sequential driver on unit revenue impact to us. And as I mentioned, we will  as I mentioned some of the capacity reduction, actually all of that half a point reduction in guidance is on the international. So, we will stay really focused on the demand environment relative to the capacity we have. I will say about the Pacific, it's also impacted but we'll start to lap some of the foreign exchange and the surcharge impact is most dramatic in the Pacific. So, we'll lap some of that. So, we believe even in that entity that we will continue to close  move towards flat RASM in the Pacific as we move through the year. The Pacific, as I mentioned, even the markets we're adding, Oscar mentioned two of the secondary cities, but you think of San Fran to Singapore, very unique and innovative for us. It's the first non-stop market to the U.S. just from Singapore. San Fran-Auckland building on our relationship and growing our relationship with Air New Zealand. San Fran-Tel Aviv that we launched on March 30 is off to a great start, connecting two high-tech communities and seeing great bookings there. So, all of those would say that uniqueness of our expansion we think serves us well and comes at a high level of profitability. All that being said, we've been consistent. We'll keep track of capacity and demand and make sure that we're keeping them in line, but also remembering that the international is also a longer term play that we're really excited about.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Very good. I appreciate that, Jim. I guess just staying on the Pacific for a second here. United did sign a multi-year agreement to strengthen its partnership with Air China per the release. I'm just wondering what is that exactly and how and when might that tie to, say, increased revenue contribution on that entity?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah, Dan, we recently signed an enhanced agreement with them that quite frankly builds a relationship over a longer number of years. I want to be clear; it's based in the concept of the alliance world. It's not a JV world. China is not Open Skies and so it doesn't come with antitrust immunity. But we think we have a lot of ability to grow together both relationship-wise as we learn about the market from each other, both Air China learning about the U.S. market and us quite frankly learning a lot about the Chinese market. That will bring us closer together in marketing. It will bring us closer together in some sales initiatives and allows us to understand the marketplace. And we think that will enhance our connections through the market as we build not only in Beijing, but as we build in some of the secondary cities. So, we can increase the connecting opportunities that we have with Air China. We connect close to 200 a day over the Air China network in Beijing today. And we think there's upside building that relationship. So, it's  within the alliance world, we're bringing much more higher level executive attention to it. The team of senior executives will much more frequently meet with senior executives of Air China to work on those initiatives that I talked about.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Very good. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay online. Please go ahead.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning. So, when we talk about the structural margin gap, I think everybody just talks about market share and hubs. And I think that's important, but I think it gets focused on a little bit too much. So, how much of the gap is attributable to the fact that you've a 1,500 mile stage length versus about 1,000 mile stage length for your two biggest peers. And that seems to me like it's as structural as anything. And given that or a change in that wouldn't it just be unreasonable to assume that you have any possibility of closing the margin gap, particularly now that your costs are going to be going higher? And shouldn't we just expect this margin gap to be permanently structural if for no other reason than the stage length alone?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Hunter, it's Oscar. I'm going to let Jim answer the stage length question specifically as we have discussed it. I'm not sure we'll give you some additional facts there to warrant maybe a different opinion. With regards to, again, the concept of the long-term perspective and in fact, conceding that margin gap will be there forever as I've studied the market and the industry over the last decade and before, I know that things can change very quickly in one way or another. So, I'm not quite ready to concede anything in that regard. And we'll continue to work the initiatives to close and narrow that margin gap in the near term. But with regard to the stage length, Jim, why don't you cover some of that with him?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Thanks, Oscar. Hey, Hunter, there are structural differences between networks, and I think of them as mainly driven by geography. We clearly have two East-West Coast hubs. That by definition is going to indicate longer stage length. It's also those coastal hubs are tremendous international gateways, which is why our network is really built for strong international presence and growth over time and then international flying. Our hubs are also very business-centric markets and  which also means there's lots of competition. And I think you're referring to sea chair and so forth. That's a result of those competitions of large business-centric markets. We don't have a dominant hub. They're very competitive. And, again, the geography of the coastal hubs, large business-centric markets drives more competition. And by definition, drives more stage length. So we haven't evidence that correlates stage length directly to profitability. Stage length is somewhat a result of the geography and the strength of our hubs. And we think that hub structure works for us very well. For instance, in New York, it is the only true connecting hub in New York. And it allows  it allows us to make revenue management decisions on high yield flow traffic versus low yield connect traffic that's unique to us. All of those things will drive an actual stage length.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think I will add to that real quickly. As we begin the discussion on this in earnest, certainly that's one area. But there are a lot of other factors that will, in fact, affect our network. And to optimize that network, that's the discussions we are having in earnest with regards to moving forward. So many factors there. Thank you.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Yeah, thank you very much. And look, I appreciate the commentary and the 4Q PRASM trajectory. The market doesn't appear to believe you. Your stock has actually sold off more since you guys provided that. So I think it has been sort of one step forward and one step back with United for the last four years. And as you talk about this margin gap closure, it becomes like all people are going to focus on. So  and it's actually the fact it's the widening as your operational metrics are improving is arguably even more concerning. So the existence  the argument against the existence of a structural disadvantage seems more feeble as time goes on. So is there a conclusion that you might draw here, if that doesn't happen that you don't close the margin gap or the PRASM gap that maybe there is a conclusion that United is just too big? And is there a scenario where a couple years down the road if you are not getting where you need to be that we're talking about major surgery here to the network, involving asset divestitures or real estate divestitures of something like that, is there a scenario where we see structural overhaul of the network evolving shrinking the size of this company?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah, Hunter, I think it's way too early for anyone, particularly me, to answer that question. And so stand by. I understand your viewpoint, I understand the market's reaction. I understand the situation we're in. And that's what I'm here to do. And that's what we'll get at very quickly.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thank you for the time.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Julie Yates online. Please go ahead.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, in your prepared remarks you noted strong summer bookings, particularly in the Trans-Atlantic and one of your peers last week highlighted strengths in advanced summer yields domestically. Are you seeing similar dynamics on the domestic market?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Julie. You know, as we look at the demand environment in the second quarters, from a business travel point of view, we saw softness in margin that continued into April. We do see signs kind of mid-May and into June, positive signs that would point to strengthening in yield as we get up closer to that time. It's a little bit early on the business traffic, the window. But we are yield there right now. We feel pretty good that we see some demand picking up as we move towards the summer, beginning in mid-May. I would emphasize corporate is still a little bit soft. We saw our corporate portfolio in the first quarter down 3%. We took out energy, it's down about 2%. So, the energy sector is impacting us. We expect that to continue through the second quarter, given where oil prices are. So, the corporate sector  the energy sector as well as the overall Houston hub will continue to put pressure on us. So we see good demand, we see strong demand, but quite frankly it's at lower yields. And then I think, I'll point to the slide I showed in the presentation and we do have some supply and demand dynamics affecting in diluting yields, as we think about the near-term. And I'll close it that we see demand picking up kind of mid-May, June with some signs of stronger yields.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then is there any additional color you can offer on the Trans-Atlantic and the dynamics causing the weakness there, the sequential deterioration in PRASM in Q1 was a little worse than I would have expected given the actions just taken on seasonal shaping. Is there lingering impact of Paris and Brussels that's going to impact Q2 as well or what are some of the dynamics there?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Yeah, Julie, I think the recent events and the tragedy in Brussels has impacted bookings. What we generally see is a slowdown in bookings after events like that. Those begin to pick back up, but quite frankly you lose days, even weeks of the booking curve. And that's impacting the second quarter, which is why, in the Trans-Atlantic as you move towards the summer period, that booking curve still has plenty of time to fill up and we see that demand. So, I tie it more to the recent events that, particularly in Brussels, that is affecting the overall travel to the Trans-Atlantic.
J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg online. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, everybody. Just two questions here. Jim, going back to the slides  and by the way, thanks. I really appreciate the slides. Very helpful with the call. But on the slide, I think it's slide eight where you look at the different geographic regions and you call out China performing better than domestic. Now, is that on a PRASM basis or is that on a profitability basis?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Mike, this is Jim. It's on profitability analysis. You can thank my boss for the slides.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And then  thanks, Oscar. And then my second question is to Gerry. With respect to the fleet, when we look at your fleet and how it has evolved, it looks like versus the last update, there is a larger reduction in the number of CRJ-700s. And as I think about it, I would have maybe anticipated the bigger decline in 50-seaters rather than 70-seaters. And I'm just curious if that reduction is a function of the fact that you're bringing in a lot of E175s, the Embraer Aircraft and maybe that you're up against scope and so as E175s come in, you got to take out CRJ-700s. So, if you could just provide an explanation for that, that would be great. Thank you.
Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer: It's a combination, I think, of two things. One, as you said, the scope limitation that we dictate some of the swapping out of the CRJs for the E175s. And also timing on when the 50-seat aircraft leases expire. We try not to take an aircraft that we're still paying for. So, between the two, that would drive what you're seeing.
Mike J. Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time. Jim, I wonder, you gave a lot of stats there pretty quickly. I wonder if you could just repeat by regional entity where you think we'll be in the fourth quarter and what gets us there?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Duane. Yeah. This is Jim. As I said on domestic, we expect given our initiatives improved reliability. We're seeing that translate into some of the highest customer  the highest customer satisfaction scores that we've seen. And as we build on that momentum, coupled with the initiatives, I talked about entry level fare initiatives that comes in the second half of the month. The ability to upsell into first class as we put more two-cabin aircraft into the domestic system. And other marketing initiatives that will leverage that reliability that we're seeing in our system. We think those initiatives put us on a path to flat to positive PRASM in the consolidated domestic system in the fourth quarter. In the Latin, we also believe we have a path to progression to hit the Latin America PRASM by the fourth quarter as well as in the Trans-Atlantic. The one area that will probably lag it because of things that are particularly the strong dollar, the RMB, the Chinese currency, is relative  the dollar relative strength to that currency has a longer tail to it, lack of better words, than what we saw with the yen and the euro. So, we think Pacific will take a little bit longer to get to flat PRASM by the fourth quarter. But we're really excited about it. And we have a good path to it. We understand the importance of PRASM. And what it means to drive in top line revenue and the team is very much focused on it.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: So, flat to positive in domestic, Atlantic and Latin, which just feels like given the relative size of those feels like a consolidated flat to positive despite Pacific, is that a reasonable way to think about it?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: I put it kind of consolidated closer to flat. Again, the domestic we think we have a path from flat to positive. The other international entities, given the capacity growth were closer to flat, so you weight those together. I would want to call it consolidated positive at this point.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then just for my second question, as we think about losing a bunch of these 50-seaters, can you give us some basic building blocks? So, maybe a ratio for every three 50-seaters that goes away, you take one of these mainline deliveries associated with that order. And then just the inputs to profit improvement to help us sort of build up to what this fleet transition could mean for you over the next couple of years?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'll jump in and then let Jerry. As you think about from a network perspective, you can think of  you're right, the three-ish 50-seaters, two to three kind of in line with each of those 737s that come in to replace those. And so, we think of concepts in markets, where we're perceived neutral and where we can work with frequency and use that mainline aircraft to fill in the pattern that previously had much more higher frequency of 50-seaters. Well, you can kind of think of that two to three range in terms of that replacement.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: And can you give us any sense for profit improvement for each of these that goes away?
Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer: We haven't. But I really want to stress the ability to drive ancillary revenue. On the firsthand, given the economy plus section that comes with that. It's a great first-class cabin. It comes with Wi-Fi. It comes with our personal device entertainment system. So, it has a lot of the attributes that customers are looking for. And it will come with increased reliability. So, we think from a customer point of view, it will drive great benefit. I think it's one of the things that Oscar mentioned on our Investor Call in June, we can highlight and kind of walk you through some specific steps on that.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just on the cost side, I would add clearly the larger aircraft is going to be more efficient on a seat cost basis and fuel efficiency as well. There will be some meaningful savings there.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: From UBS, we have Darryl Genovesi online. Please go ahead.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. With regard to the changes that we're seeing at New York in the regulatory changes at New York, do you have a sense of just how much, if any, additional capacity may be accommodated not necessarily your own, but your total New York capacity as a result of the FAA relaxing some of the restrictions there?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hi, Darryl, this is Jim. We don't. And, you know, the marketplace will obviously  will determine that. Again, our big concern in a highly congested, most congested air space is we  is the risk of a more congested air space. And so, what that would mean for our customers. In terms of what the market dynamics or what the results  we just don't have a sense of that right now.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then maybe to follow-on some of the other questions that we've heard. I guess, what might help is if you could give us some reassurance, perhaps, in the level of commitment to actually getting to a positive unit revenue trajectory. Meaning, I've heard some people ask you if you should get smaller, and I think that's a fair question. And I've heard some people ask you, how confident really are you that you can get to a flat or modestly positive RASM trajectory in some of these markets by the end of the year. But just wondering, you have the ability to get to positive unit revenue in just about any demand environment. It just depends how small you're willing to get. So, would you be willing to provide a commitment to  the investment community to achieve a flat unit revenue trajectory by the end of the year?
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Oscar. I think, as far as future guidance, I just  I want to hold my powder dry a little bit until I understand it a little more thoroughly and get a lot of input from all of you as well as our team here. I think on the June call, I think, we'll be able to give you a sense. I know that's a couple months, and it gives us a little more certainty about the year. But what I don't want to do is begin to commit on these calls the things that I know the market wants. I know the optics wants to be there. We need to fly profitability. We need to fly the way we at United fly with our current network. And over some point in time, if that needs to change or adjust accordingly, we'd make those changes. But we'll make them thoughtfully with a lot and lot of research and internal analysis. And those are not sort of shooting from the hip kind of conversations that I want to have on a call. So, if you'll allow me a little more patience, now that we're getting back to work, we'll talk a little bit more about this in June. Thanks.
Darryl Genovesi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Stephens, we have Jack Atkins. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. When it comes to rolling out that basic economy fare later on this year, what are the gating factors that would prevent you guys from getting that out as expected? Sort of what needs to happen internally, is it IT or something else?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Hey, Jack. This is Jim. We're really confident on our timeline. The IT team here is very focused. It's a very collaborative process. Quite frankly, it's collaborative with our operations team, because we want to make sure that across the enterprise, the understanding of what the customer is purchasing and what their expectations are for that product are really clear. So, we're really confident on the timeline, and I don't see any gates or as you mentioned in our way. There is a huge collaboration going on, and IT is right behind us with it.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's great. And then when it comes to thinking about fuel hedging, could you guys give us an update on your thought process around, perhaps, increasing your forward hedging, given the volatility to the upside that we've been seeing in fuel over the last several months?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Sure. Hedging is just one tool that can help provide better certainty, as we try to achieve our business plan. It's no longer for us a hedging of near-term volatility. That's a very expensive insurance policy. We can just self-insure that risk. So, it's just one tool. There are a number of factors that we'll look at, including our net exposure to fuel. One of the benefits of the Houston hub works in the other way. As fuel prices rise, there's a correlation on revenue, particularly in Houston. So, it will be that net exposure that we would focus on. The competitive landscape, what others are doing that could impact the industry and the overall economic environment. So, we'll be thoughtful about our hedging. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have not done any hedging since last summer. And while there's been some volatility in fuel recently, from a historical perspective, it's still a very low fuel environment.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thank you again for the time.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Savi Syth online. Please go ahead.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Just on the CapEx program, could you just talk a little bit about your thoughts on financing. I know that you mentioned about maybe 50% of aircrafts were debt financed this year. But as you look forward, thoughts on operating leases or debt financing and how should we think about liquidity and debt targets?
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: Sure, Savi. Let me talk about leasing first. I would absolutely love to lease some of these aircraft. But it's got to make economic sense. There are a number of factors, let me give you three. One is just the cost of money, cost of debt. As you know, we can finance  debt finance aircraft at a very low cost. That creates a high hurdle for the leasing companies to overcome. And historically they haven't been able to do that. They are better able to today to pass through their lower cost of funds to us. But that's one factor. Probably the bigger one is residual value. You need to make leasing work in situation where the leasing company is going to be more optimistic on residual value than we are. And then sort of tenure, think of it like buying an automobile. If you're going to trade in your automobile every two years or three years, leasing might make sense. If you're going to keep that auto through its useful life, leasing becomes very expensive. So, when we look at these aircraft  these are largely core aircraft that we expect to keep, very long-term, 25 years, 30 years and leasing can get expensive. But, that's not to say that leasing can't work. And like we've done historically, we will continue to look at leasing opportunities and see if we can make anything work in that space. But that's one of the reasons why when we talk about free cash flow and capital allocation, I look at adjusted free cash flow. So, for me, I'm going to adjust for the financing. So, whether it's a lease or whether we use [ETCs] or other debt financing, that's going to drive the availability of liquidity that we can use in our capital allocation program, where top priority is still going to be returning cash to shareholders. And as we continue to have strong earnings, we would continue with that program.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's very helpful color. Thank you. And for a follow-up, just on the reliability, that has been a big focus and there will be a lot of investments here made to kind of continue to improve reliability. Could you discuss like what metrics you're looking to measure how you're performing on that? And then just from a timing perspective, when do you expect that to kind of manifest itself and get revenue and costs as a benefit?
Gregory L. Hart - Chief Operations Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey. This is Greg, Savi. I'll take the first piece and then defer it to Jim and Gerry on the cost and revenue piece. We look at a ton of factors and a ton of measurements in terms of how we're performing, everything from bag delivery and performance to two different ways of looking at around departure performance to how quickly we shut doors on aircraft and literally tens and tens of metrics each and every day. And we've managed this quarter through the hard work of the United team and the 86,000 people out in the field working the flights each and every day to actually set record performance across many, many metrics. And as proud of that performance as we are, we're more excited about where we're headed, because we feel we still have a lot of opportunity to improve from there.
James E. Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer: This is Jim. I would just add that reliability that we're seeing and the great progress in that area, we actually are seeing in our hubs our share growing and taking hold the beginnings of that. And when I talk about moving towards flat deposit RASM by the fourth quarter domestic, again a piece of that is the momentum that we're capturing there. So, it's hard to put a timeline on net revenue as Oscar referred to that earlier. But we're seeing signs in our hubs in that share. We want to obviously expand that some of those old cities and get some traction there. But we're really confident with the reliability and the initiatives we have out there. That's part of our success in moving towards flat to positive.
Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And from the cost side, we're seeing some of that benefit already. You think about misconnects and having to deal with the cost of putting customers up at hotels and meals and whatnot and crew costs as well. So all of that, we see immediately as we run more reliable operations, but there's still more to come on that as we can gain greater efficiency in the operations. So, while we have some cost savings, we're already seeing it will increase over time.
Oscar Munoz - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Savi. This is Oscar. One thing, at least from my operational background that I think applies across any industry, as you invest to become more reliable, that investment is purely a cost one. As you get more reliable, how you reduce that cost or that safety cushion, how quickly you do it, how effectively you do it, is a key attribute that Mr. Hart will be challenged with very quickly. And, again, now, every time we do that, I mean, we've said Denver and Houston over the last couple of weeks have been massively hit. We have 700 people that are not able to come to work on a day. And so it's all those things and all of those different moving parts that you have to address. But that safety cushion is across the system will have to be managed better. And then, therefore, cost comes out. But it starts with having a reliable product. So, thank you.
Savanthi N. Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Savi.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director-Investor Relations: And thanks to all of you for joining the call today. Please call Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Ireland - Investor Relations Oscar Munoz - President and Chief Executive Officer Brett Hart - Acting Chief Executive Officer Jim Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer Greg Hart - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Gerry Laderman - Senior Vice President, Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joseph DeNardi - Stifel Helane Becker - Cowen & Company Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Julie Yates - Credit Suisse Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Edward Russell - Flightglobal
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of 2015. My name is Brandon and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call maybe recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the companys permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Jonathan Ireland. You may begin, sir.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Uniteds fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this mornings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update. Copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss the results are President and CEO, Oscar Munoz; acting CEO, Brett Hart; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Senior Vice President, Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. Oscar will begin with some overview comments followed by Bretts discussion of 2015 performance. Next, Greg will provide an update on our operations. Jim will follow the discussion on revenue and capacity. Gerry will review our costs, fleet and capital structure, after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And now I would like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Jonathan and thank you all for joining us today. I am certainly darn glad to be here and I look forward to reengaging with all of you across all our stakeholder network. But today, let me start frankly by extending my thanks for all the well wishes I have received from across my United family during my situation. I am pleased to report that I feel great. My recovery is progressing very nicely. Already this week, in fact, over the course of the last month, I am beginning to participate in meetings and certainly plan to increase my involvement each week going forward. As far as expectation of full return, I certainly will be back full-time by the end of the first quarter, if not sooner and I am incredibly energized by that prospect. So again, I look forward to seeing all of you out on the road. As I am thanking people, I want to thank Brett and my entire United team for their excellent work and implementing our shared purpose and vision for United. We really have made significant progress in both our operation and our financial performance. I am frankly excited to be here today that we announced record profits for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. And this I tell you could not have been done without the renewed engagement, excitement and energy that exist with our frontline employees. I am very proud of what they do each and everyday and we are going to leverage and use this increased level of engagement to continue the momentum into 2016 and beyond. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Oscar and thank you all for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. The entire United family is very pleased to have Oscar in the room with us today. And like him, we are all looking forward to his full-time return. In the meantime, I and the management team want to thank our employees for making 2015 a great year for United. We achieved record financial and operational performance, made meaningful strides towards enhancing the customer experience and this fall we committed to continuously earning the trust of customers and employees. While we are  while we still have more work to do, I am proud of the tangible measures of success we have already demonstrated, none of which could have been accomplished without the hard work and commitment from the entire United team. Over the last 3 months, I have visited each of our hubs and I am consistently impressed by our employees enthusiasm, dedication and strong desire to win and it is an honor to work alongside them as we take the next steps toward improving United. Today, we reported 2015 pre-tax earnings of $4.5 billion, our highest level of earnings in Uniteds history. I am pleased to announce that through our profit sharing program, employees will be able to share in the success as we pay out $698 million, our largest distribution ever. For the year, we achieved a return on invested capital of 21%, also marking the highest ROIC ever reported by United. These numbers represent a meaningful improvement year-over-year as well as progress closing the gap in financial performance of our two closest competitors. A major contributor to our strong financial performance is the improvement in our operation. When compared to last year, our completion rate improved by more than 1 point and on-time performance was 6 points better for the full year 2015. This was particularly evident in the fourth quarter as our on-time performance and completion factor were the best since the merger. A well-run operation is a top priority for customers and we are working extremely hard to become the consistently reliable airline our customers can depend on. We also want to be a great place to work for our employees. We have a responsibility to provide them with contracts they deserve. And this fall, we made significant progress to do just that. Evidence of this progress can be found in the two new agreements covering our pilots and technicians that are currently in the ratification process. Additionally, we reached an agreement to open negotiations on new contracts for our airport and customer service work groups, more than one year in advance of the amendable dates. We are also continuing negotiations with our flight attendants and are hopeful that we reach an agreement with them this year. I want to thank these union groups for their commitment to reaching agreements that will lead our workforce in the years to come. I am pleased with the progress we made in 2015. We took significant actions that have led to both strong financial and operational performance. We are excited for the opportunities in 2016 as we focus on making the changes necessary to become the airline that we, our customers and our shareholders expected to be. Now, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Hart: Thanks, Brett and thank you to everyone for joining the call this morning. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their efforts this year, particularly during the busy holiday travel season. As Brett mentioned, we have made meaningful improvements to our operation and we couldnt have done it without the continued hard work and dedication of our employees. Due to the great work of the United team in 2015, we had the best on-time arrival performance since the merger. Additionally, we had a better completion rate than our network competitors in both New York and Chicago and better completion in Houston than our network competitor in Dallas. We also continue to deliver well on bag performance. In fact, during 2015, we achieved record bag performance for 7 of the 12 months in the year. As reflection of our commitment to operational excellence, we recently launched a new United Global Performance Commitment for corporate customers in 2016. With this program, we will compensate eligible corporate accounts if we fail to meet our operational targets for the year. This clearly demonstrates our level of confidence and commitment to continue to improve Uniteds operational performance. Looking forward to 2016, we have a number of opportunities to further improve the operation. One change we implemented earlier this month was an increase in the amount of out-and-back flying we do. Said differently, we are increasing the amount of flying that begins at a hub and then travels to another station before returning directly back to the originating hub. In 2015, approximately 35% of our flights followed an out-and-back pattern. At the beginning of this year, we transitioned to approximately 70% of our flights that now follow this pattern, although which is more consistent with that of our peers. This does two things for us. First, it dramatically reduces the complexity of the operation. In addition, it helps to isolate the impact of weather and aircraft control related events to the impacted hub while mitigating the impact on our other hubs. We believe that reducing this complexity and limiting the impact of weather on our operations will drive improved reliability and efficiency and provide a better experience for our customers and our employees. In closing, I want to thank the entire operations team for all their hard work in 2015. I am proud of the significant progress we made this year and I look forward to building on these successes in 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Compton: Thanks Greg. I would also like to thank our customers for their business in 2015. As Brett indicated earlier, we want to be our customers first choice on every trip they take. And we will achieve this by continually building their trust. Accomplishing this wont be easy and wont happen overnight, but the entire team is committed to this goal. In the fourth quarter, our consolidated unit revenue declined 6%. The four primary factors we identified at the beginning of the quarter impacted our revenue performance as expected; strong U.S. dollar, the effects of lower oil prices, pressure as a result of margin accretive initiatives and competitive pricing actions. However, we also faced some unanticipated headwinds during the quarter. First, the attacks in Paris put pressure on bookings across the Atlantic during the weeks that followed the event. Second, our strong operational performance resulted in more completed flights than initially planned. While this is beneficial to margin and excellent for our customers, the additional capacity provided a tailwind to unit costs, but a headwind to PRASM. Additionally, in the quarter, we saw oil prices continue to fall. We have provided incremental pressure to our Houston hub and corporate energy business, while ultimately being a tailwind to our fuel expense and overall earnings. Finally, demand declined throughout the quarter as demonstrated by downward revisions to fourth quarter GDP expectations. Turning to the first quarter, we expect our unit revenue to decline approximately 6% to 8% year-over-year with domestic PRASM down approximately 4% to 6% and international PRASM down approximately 8% to 10%. The major drivers for the first quarter revenue performance are expected to be largely the same as the fourth quarter. For the consolidated system, we expect foreign exchange impacts will account for 1 point of year-over-year PRASM pressure. Given further decline in oil prices, we anticipate continued pressure from lower surcharges, particularly in Japan which we expect will account for approximately 1 point of weakness. Lower oil prices have reduced revenue from our corporate energy customers and we are also beginning to see a decline in revenue from the broader non-energy Houston market. The combined revenue pressure from both these energy contracts in the Houston hub is anticipated to be approximately 1 point. Finally, we also expect the current competitive pricing actions will drive approximately 1.5 points of decline in the quarter. As we have mentioned before, while PRASM is an important metric, there are other metrics at United that are equally or even more important, principally profit margin and earnings. As we construct our network and deploy our assets across it, our primary goal is to increase earnings and margin. To that end, there are certain decisions that may be dilutive to unit revenue, but margin accretive for the business. Over the next several years, we have specific initiatives in place that may have just that effect. Our up-gauging initiative is one such example. Our reducing departures and increasing the average gauge of our airplanes, we will grow our capacity very efficiently, which will be a tailwind for CASM while putting pressure on the PRASM performance. I would add that in the case where we replace the single cabin 50-seat aircraft with the two cabin regional small mainline aircraft, there is additional revenue that we can generate from having Economy Plus and First Class seats. In 2016, we anticipate increasing our average gauge by approximately 5% and reducing our average departures by approximately 1% compared to 2015. Another opportunity to grow earnings comes from further improvements to our pricing and segmentation capabilities. As we have seen in 2015, this has become an increasingly important component to revenue management. The more we segment our fares, the better opportunity we will have to minimize revenue dilution. The first phase is the rollout of our bundled fare offerings this month. This allows customers to purchase the collection of products suited to their travel as opposed to a more manual process of selecting from an -la-carte menu. The second phase, which we expect to launch in the second half of this year, will complement this bundled structure by introducing an entry level fare that will appeal to the purely price sensitive customer. We believe this slate of offerings will allow further segmentation across Uniteds customer base, while also avoiding some levels of revenue dilution built into our pricing structures today. Another way we intend to improve our revenue performance is through continuing to improve the reliability of the operation. Reliability is a top priority for our customers. And over the last several years, our revenue has suffered from the inconsistency in our operation. As Greg mentioned, the operation has made significant strides forward and we expect over time for this to generate additional revenue. Earning the trust of our customers is critical for long-term earnings improvement and the great work from Greg and his team are cornerstone for that success. With respect to capacity and as a result of reduced trans-Atlantic flying, we reduced our expectations for the first quarter capacity and now anticipate growing approximately 1.5% to 2.5%. For the full year, we still expect to grow 1.5% and 2.5%. As we all know, there are certain pockets of the globe that are experiencing economic slowdowns. We are thoughtfully addressing these issues by repositioning capacity to the areas that are experiencing the most economic growth. An example of this is what we are doing in Houston. Due to the decline in the energy business as we have discussed, our Houston hub has experienced significant yield pressure. Consequently, we are shifting capacity away from Houston and into other growing markets like Denver and San Francisco. We will remain disciplined in allocating our capacity in the markets that will generate the highest profitability. In conclusion, we are continuing to implement margin accretive initiatives, product improvements and other initiatives across the commercial organization to attract and retain more high value business customers. In 2016, we anticipate sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement and expect that the actions we are taking, along with an improving operation, will further earn the trust of our customers. With that, I will turn it over to Gerry.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks Jim. I would also like to thank our employees for helping to make 2015 a record year for United. Their hard work led to our success this year and I know they will bring the same energy and dedication to our efforts in 2016. For the fourth quarter, we reported net income of $934 million or $2.54 per share excluding special items. This is double what we earned in the fourth quarter of 2014 and marks the seventh straight quarter of record earnings. For the full year 2015, we reported $4.5 billion of net income or $11.88 per share excluding special items and we achieved the pretax margin of 11.9%, a 6.8 point increase versus last year and the highest in Uniteds history. Disciplined cost management has been the key contributor to our results this year. For the full year, our unit costs excluding fuel, profit sharing and third party expenses decreased 0.7%, more than 1 point lower than our initial 2015 guidance, despite nearly 0.5 point of capacity reduction from our original plans. As Jim mentioned, our up-gauging strategy was a meaningful contributor to our CASM performance in 2015 and we expect this contribution will continue as we ramp up the program through 2019. Looking forward to 2016, we expect our CASM, excluding the impact of new labor deals to increase approximately 1%. The new labor agreements with our pilots and technicians, currently open for both, would add approximately 2.5 points of CASM for the year. This is consistent with our commitment to maintain CASM growth below inflation over planning cycles. 2 years ago, we set a goal to achieve $1 billion in annual non-fuel savings by 2017. We now expect to achieve this goal in 2016, a full year in advance of our original timeline. This focus on continuous improvement and durable savings will not end as we still have opportunities to improve efficiency and manage costs prudently. Turning to fuel expense, for 2016 we are 17% hedged and are in a loss position of approximately $225 million. Our portfolio allows us to participate in 98% of any future declines. We are currently evaluating the structure of our hedge program. And in the meantime, we have not added any new hedges since July 2015. Based on the guidance we have provided for cost and revenue in the first quarter of 2016, we expect our pre-tax margin to be between 8% and 10% in the first quarter. Moving on to cash flow, in 2015, we generated $6 billion of operating cash flow and $2.5 billion of free cash flow. In deciding how best to allocate capital, I would also look at cash flow net of aircraft financing, since the decision to lease versus purchase an aircraft can have a material impact on the traditional calculation of free cash flow. When incorporating proceeds from long-term aircraft financing, we generated over $4 billion in adjusted free cash flow for 2015. I am pleased that we continue to generate significant cash flow in excess of both what we need to run our business and what we need to secure our future. Taking all that into account, in the fourth quarter, we spent approximately $520 million repurchasing United stock, about double the amount we spent in the prior quarter. For the full year 2015, we spent $1.2 billion in the share buyback program. Looking forward, I expect that we will spend at least $750 million repurchasing stock in the first quarter and now plan to complete our current $3 billion program substantially earlier than originally anticipated. One of the tools we use is the 10b5-1 plan, which allows us to purchase stock throughout the quarter even during periods when we might otherwise be unable to be in the market. As an example, we purchased shares on every trading day so far this month. We also used our cash to fulfill one of my primary missions of ensuring that we continue to make all appropriate investments in our business. In 2016, we expect to spend $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion for capital investments, including approximately $1.1 billion of non-aircraft CapEx. This would be roughly $100 million more than 2015 for non-aircraft CapEx. This increase is driven almost entirely by incremental technology investments. We believe that further investment in our technology is critical for our ability to compete in the years to come. We also expect to invest approximately $1.7 billion on our fleet in 2016. We plan to take delivery of 14 737s, 5 787-9s, our first 777-300ER and 9 used A319s. We will also add 40 Embraer E175s to our regional fleet. Our fleet investments this year also included pre-delivery deposits associated with the order we announced today for 40 737-700 aircraft to be delivered beginning mid-2017. As we have stated in the past, we are continuing to shift more flying towards the mainline operation as our regional flying is being reduced. It is our expectation that our current seat of approximately 250 50-seat aircraft will be reduced by more than half by the end of 2019. While this new 737 order does provide replacement capacity to partially offset the reduction in the regional operation, we are continuing to pursue additional aircraft to continue up-gauging and meet our capacity plans. We are also utilizing our cash to continue to secure our future. In 2015, we prepaid $1.2 billion of debt, including $300 million in the fourth quarter. As of the end of the year, our gross debt balance, including capitalized operating leases, was $17 billion, $1.1 billion less than the end of the prior year. In 2015, we also contributed more than $800 million to our pension plans. And as of year end, our unfunded pension liability is now $1.5 billion, a $700 million reduction from the prior year. As we head towards well-funded status for our pensions, we anticipate contributing approximately $400 million to our pension plans in 2016. In conclusion, 2015 was a very good year for United as seen in nearly every financial metric. Moving into 2016, we look forward to delivering strong earnings performance and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation. I believe that the investments we are making in our people and our product will lead to a strong future that will benefit our employees, customers and investors. I will now turn it back over to Jonathan.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Gerry. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, Jonathan. [Operator Instructions] From Stifel, we have Joseph DeNardi on line. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Hey, Jim, just on your comments around demand weakening through the quarter kind of tied to the revisions to GDP. So, are you seeing that show up in forward bookings? And does the guidance for first quarter assume that demand continues to weaken from here or that kind of starts to stabilize at some point?
Jim Compton: Hey, Joe, this is Jim. As you look at first quarter, our guidance is obviously based on the information that we have today both a yield perspective and a booking perspective. What I would say is that the pressures that we saw in the fourth quarter, which are mainly yield, continue in the first quarter. So, we see strong demand. I have to always separate a little about what Houston and the energy, there are certain sectors that in high-yield demand we are seeing weakness. But overall, our bookings, both factors look where they were last year in terms of the load factor point of view. Its the yield pressure that we see in the first quarter.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. And then Gerry, just on the profit sharing accrual in first quarter thats I think about 60% higher than first quarter on a much less increase in op income. So, have there been any changes to that just based on some of the new labor contracts or how should we think about in 2016?
Gerry Laderman: There have been some minor changes. For example, we added a layer for our M&A employees at 10% over a certain threshold. Other than that, its pretty similar.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay, thanks.
Operator: From Cowen & Company, we have Helane Becker on line. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Oscar, welcome back. Do you guys ever release or tell us and this is probably for Jim, what percent of the cabin, the front of the cabin is being sold versus used for upgrades?
Jim Compton: Hey, Helane. We havent released that. Its one of those we have talked about in the past growing our pay versus load factor and we continue to do that. I will tell you we are also focused on making sure that we keep that in balance with our loyalty customers. There is a lifetime value with our MileagePlus customers. Thats very important to the overall economics as we go forward. So, its a balance. And so internally, we continue to debate what that is, whether its pure products to offer to get into the first class, lower price points in first class, but also balancing that with the upgrades to our loyal customers.
Oscar Munoz: Helane, this is Oscar. Let me just add my suspicions. As I traveled on our network and system, I spent a lot of time on our aircraft and spent a lot of time with some of our high-value customers and that is a particular sore subject with them. And so that balance that Jim speaks about, I think is a very important one that we have to strike.
Helane Becker: Okay. Thanks very much, gentlemen. Those are really all my questions for now.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Good morning. So Gerry, its nice to see the buyback pick up and thank you for the update. But if we assume you guys have significantly more cash of which to dispose this year, which I am putting at about $6 billion to $7 billion factoring in pension contributions, assumptions around finance CapEx and maybe a little bit of excess cash, should it be a fairly obvious decision to make that the level of buybacks this year exceeds your capital spending given the immediate accretion that you get to EPS, not to mention the signal you will send to your long-term shareholders about the trajectory of earnings beyond this year?
Gerry Laderman: Hunter, thats a good question. Let me talk about capital allocation generally, just as sort of set the stage. We have really the three components to it. So we are very focused on making the investments we have to make. To paraphrase an old friend of mine, I know what happens when you take the cheese off the pizza. So we will, first and foremost, make the right investment, but they have to drive the value that we expect or we would stop making some of them. Let me turn to the balance sheet and in securing the future, we are in a pretty good spot with the balance sheet, so I would not anticipate the level of debt prepayment that you have seen in the past. Having said that, the way we will continue to manage the balance sheet is through the amount of new aircraft financing. So I would expect this year to finance some, probably not all of the aircraft this year and thats going to potentially leave some cash. I would say first and foremost, I want to see that cash before I spend the cash. But as we continue to manage our cash sort of down to the target range that we feel comfortable with, that sort of $5 billion to $6 billion of liquidity that we have stated as sort of comfortable target range, there is absolutely the opportunity for additional cash in the buyback. And as I have said in my comments, that $750 million is the minimum, so we will continue to have this dialogue through the year. But I hope you are right. I hope that this is a year that generates those significant cash flows.
Oscar Munoz: Hunter, if I can just  if you dont mind, if I can just weigh in on that subject as well. I think if you check my history, you will see the willingness to allocate capital to shareowners in a very broad and distributed way, I dont think that changes with regards to this. I think it would be at least up sort of qualifier to 750 was added on purpose. And I dont necessarily disagree with the premise and thesis behind the concept, but we do have to strike a balance. And so this is one of the places where I have been engaged to a little bit and we will keep them more increasingly engaged and you will get more definitive direction in about two months on that going forward.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Yes. I know, Oscar, I am glad you are here because you do have a bit of a reputation of being a capital deployer, so I think it would be helpful for everybody, including your owners, who have been sweating out a pretty difficult year. Its very hard to buy an airline stock. It is very hard to do that I mean as an investor. And a lot of your owners feel like its kind of been sort of hung out to dry a little bit. So I think you would go a long way Oscar if you would commit that barring any sort of major change in the environment, which is I think an easy enough for you to make right here on this call to come out and say barring no major changes in the economy or anything like that exogenous that we will spend more buying back stock than we will on capital spending this year, I think that would go a long way if you would be willing to make that commitment here today?
Oscar Munoz: We are going to look  we are going to spend a lot of time with our shareholders directly and individually and discuss all their viewpoints and we will make proper public commitments as we see fit. But again, history does tend to repeat itself and I am very excited to get back into this conversation and debate because its a great one. Thanks Hunter.
Hunter Keay: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie on line. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time here. One quick housecleaning question, what were the NOLs at the year end 2015?
Brett Hart: About $9 billion.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. And so I guess just kind of extrapolating forward, is perhaps 2018 the first year you might conceivably become a taxpayer, if thats the case or should we think about cash taxes sooner than that?
Gerry Laderman: So I can tell you that we are working hard now that we are in a mode of booking taxes and seeing a future of being a tax  cash taxpayer. And we were doing some good tax planning. I dont want to at this point tell you when we anticipate being a cash taxpayer. Obviously, that depends on future earnings, but its reasonable to anticipate if the earnings trends continue, you would see a relatively rapid utilization of those NOLs.
Dan McKenzie: I see, okay. And then as a follow-up question here, this one is for Jim. You mentioned sequential quarter-over-quarter revenue improvement, which I believe was on business travel spend. And so is the right way to think about that is 20% of the passenger revenue getting sequentially better each quarter and the reason for the clarification here is we do have some FX headwinds and some competitive headwinds, so I am just trying to reconcile the comment with other revenue externalities?
Jim Compton: Hi, Dan. There is a couple of things happening as you think about 2016 and as we move through the year. You touched on a couple of them just now. But currency, obviously is a big driver of what we look going forward. So kind of where currencies are at today, we would begin to lap some of the currency effects in the second quarter this year. When you look at things such as surcharges and as you know over the past year, we have talked a lot about surcharges particularly in Japan that by law are tied to where oil trades. We will begin to lap those pretty significantly in the third quarter of this year. But again, there are still some sort of charges out in Japan that most recently have come down, so the full effect of that will be more towards the end of the first quarter of 2017. Pricing  the competitive pricing actions we have talked about through the year, based on where they are at today, we will begin to lap those in the third quarter of 2016. And then lastly oil, we have reported on our corporate energy portfolio through the year being down 20% in the first quarter, 30% in the second quarter, 35% in the third quarter and we saw it drop to 40% in the fourth quarter. So that lapping, given where the current oil prices are and the expectations that oil prices will stay low longer, that lapping affect will take longer than what we have talked about in the past. All being said, there are things that as we lap through the year are will have less headwind on our RASM performance and thats why we have talked about quarter-to-quarter improvement based on the factors I described. Always qualify it because as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we saw GDP expectations come down from our initial expectations, so that and the volatility of oil prices is still that one thing that we dont like to talk about as specific. But I think given what we have see lapping during the year, we feel good about quarter-over-quarter improvement as we move through 2016.
Dan McKenzie: Okay, very good. Thanks for that perspective.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg on line. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Yes. Hey. Good morning everybody and welcome back, Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you.
Michael Linenberg: I mean to start off, maybe to Jim. Jim, you guys are the biggest carrier to China and we have seen a more significant devaluation of that currency over the past few months, is there anything just given your footprint in that market, are you seeing anything, anything on the trends. And I would sort of say that within the context of some of your commentary about the revenue weakness you talked about yield softness in the international markets as well as domestic and I didnt know if you were calling out China or other markets in total, whats  can you address that?
Jim Compton: Hey, Mike. I think there are things that are getting to us obviously Houston that I have talked about already. And as you mentioned our exposure to China, I would tell you, demand in China continues to grow at the pace of industry capacity. We have seen a little bit lower yield, but we are actually seeing  obviously, its been very profitable for us and that profitability maintained. So from the demand perspective, we are seeing demand keep pace with the capacity that we have talked about over the past several quarters. Again in the first quarter, we see about 19% industry capacity from China to the U.S., but yet we are also seeing bookings for the industry going at that rate. You put that with our strength in San Francisco, the best gateway to Asia, we feel really good about our current position and quite frankly long-term position for China going forward.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just the second question, when you look at your overall revenue performance and you compare yourself versus notably the other big two, American and Delta and you have looked at yourselves on even unit revenue basis. I appreciate the fact that obviously there are some initiatives that you are pursuing that are obviously margin accretive and ROIC accretive and therefore one consequence is that they may be RASM or PRASM dilutive. But I think there is another view out there, at least the perception that maybe strategically you are falling a bit behind your peers and whether its on the alliance front or the joint venture front, you look at some of the announcements and some of the relationships and how some of your competitors have grown those relationships. And yet when you look at United, you have a strong  or at least I believe you have a strong relationship with Lufthansa and you have a good relationship with Air China and you also have a relationship with ANA. But a lot of times, we dont hear much commentary on it and it doesnt look like its showing up in the numbers. I mean, is that perception real or are there things that over the next year or so that you plan to roll out that maybe will help mitigate some of those revenue sort of differences?
Jim Compton: Hey, Mike. Well, a couple of thoughts. One is you mentioned Lufthansa in the Trans-Atlantic, which was a terrific partner for us and the performance in the fourth quarter, albeit down in the 2% RASM decline was really industry-leading performance  and our relative performance in the Trans-Atlantic is our peers. We have widened our RASM premium versus our peers in that. Thats with the great work of our team in terms of seasonally balancing the network, and quite frankly, working very closely with Lufthansa. So, that JV for us, in that particular, is obviously very much forward. It goes back into the 1990s relationship. And so we have had great success in that. If you look  and so  and then if you look at the Pacific, which is really a growth market for us, ANA plays a big part of that and that relationship from a JV, a little bit younger, but we have made great strides and we have talked about some of the Tokyo when you are flying to places in Asia that we now connect into ANA, which has allowed us to grow our San Francisco hub long-haul. So, I think we have used the JVs to help leverage our market and grow our relative performance both in the Trans-Atlantic as well as into Asia. Recently, our investment and our commercial agreement with Azul, although Brazil is the challenged market right now over the long term, we think thats going to play terrific. And its already generating connecting traffic at numbers that are exceeding our expectations, albeit at lower yields given whats happening in Brazil as well as the currency situation. So, I think we are very focused on the alliance side to make sure we have the right partners to extend our network and we will do it in a way that obviously allows our customers to have more choice and more opportunities.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. Thanks, Jim. Thanks for that comprehensive answer.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker on line. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning and warm welcome back to Oscar. First question probably for Gerry and Oscar, that incremental 2.5% of potential labor-related CASM, was that for  I apologize, for all working groups or just the two TAs that are out for ratification right now, one of which comes back tomorrow?
Gerry Laderman: No, Jamie, that was just for the two that are out for ratification.
Jamie Baker: Okay. And for Oscar, you have talked with us about winning back the frontline. Do these increases in wages accomplish this in your mind or are there still incremental expenses that are required that might not be captured in the labor line, whether thats I dont know better tools for employee, new uniforms, that sort of thing that could pressure CASM a little bit further?
Oscar Munoz: You know what, Jamie, its probably a little early for me to actually quantify what the impacts of these are, but my commitment is to balance both our commitment to our employees and make the appropriate investments and prioritize investments while understanding that we have broader stockholder base. And so its a delicate balance between those two. And again, the more time I spend out in the field understanding the needs, the needs arent as great as you think expense wise. So certainly, comp is one. But beyond that, I think building the right systems tools, uniforms, things like coffee and peanuts and all add up, but they are just at appropriate level investments that will strike a balance with. But again, I cant quantify anything at this point in time.
Greg Hart: Jamie, let me just add that, that process has started. It started last year. And the CASM guidance you see for this year includes some of that already, some of the tools and some of the other investments, we are making thats rolling into the CASM guidance that you see. And let me just, by the way, I need to clarify to Dan on the NOL, as of 12/31/15, the remaining NOL is a little closer to $8 billion and $9 billion. Sorry to interrupt you.
Jamie Baker: Yes, no, no, thats fine. Actually for follow-up, while I have you, Gerry, the 73-700 is a larger gauge than I have been at least I thought you were looking at in terms of potential bridging that gap between 76 CRJs and I guess, the A319s. So, what shifted in terms of the decision-making process? Does this entirely eliminate the need for something smaller than the 319 at the mainline? How did the price of fuel impact the calculus? Any additional color there?
Gerry Laderman: Sure. I would say, the price of fuel really doesnt impact our decisions on long-term fleet orders, but I would say that for this batch of aircraft, where we looked at all the variations, in fact, the 319 as well as the 737 and the 100-seat opportunities from both Embraer and Bombardier for this batch of aircraft, the 700 was the winner. As I mentioned, we will continue to look at aircraft and we will continue to look at each of those aircraft types going forward.
Jamie Baker: Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Operator: Credit Suisse, we have Julie Yates on line. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates: Good morning and welcome back, Oscar.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you.
Julie Yates: Gerry, a follow-up on the buyback, how should we think about just the seasonality of cash flow generation and then the timing of other cash requirements like debt payments and pension fund and just as the year progresses?
Gerry Laderman: So, it depends on the type. So, for pension funding, we have a fair amount of flexibility. So, I would assume right now relatively even through at least the first three quarters. On aircraft CapEx, we have some in the first quarter. There is a bit of a lag and then some in the back half of the year. And everything else is fairly flat through the year.
Julie Yates: Okay. And then Jim, one for you, you noted competitive capacity actions at about 1.5 point headwind again in the first quarter. You noticed any changes in competitive pricing actions either domestically or internationally? And do you worry that those worsen in a lower fuel environment?
Jim Compton: Julie, I dont want to comment on competitive pricing. Its obviously its a  this business is very competitive and we obviously match capacity in our demand given the pricing structures that are out there, but I dont want to make any comments on competitive pricing actions. We will, as I mentioned in the script, that given where competitive pricing actions are today that the hypothetical the assumption thats where we are today. We begin to lap some of that effect by the time we hit the third quarter.
Julie Yates: Okay, understood. And then just on the phases of cabin segmentation, that was certainly helpful. At some point, do you anticipate being able to put some quantification around what that can add in terms of revenues?
Gerry Laderman: Yes, we look forward to doing that. That segmentation that we talked about we have been working hard on it in 2015 and so we are excited about rolling it out going forward. What that will do for us is a couple of things. One it will allow us to compete with ultra-low cost carriers much more effectively, which means more pure product for customers that are looking for just that price point. And it will also, as I mentioned, help us remove some of the dilution that we have in our pricing structure today. And so I am not ready yet to kind of quantify, but as we rollout the second half of the year, I look forward to updating you on that.
Julie Yates: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth on line. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of questions for me. We get a lot of questions from investors about closing the gap from a margin perspective to the industry. It looks like based on the 1Q guidance and certainly 1Q is not the year and you have got some hedge impact there, but it looks like that gap actually widens in the March quarter. So, is closing that gap still a goal for the company? What should we be advising investors in that regard and if so, over what timeframe?
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Duane, I will start. Its Gerry. So it is still a goal. We have never put a timeframe on it, but we are very focused on doing what we can do both on the costs side and the revenue side to continue to maximize our margin, but we havent at this point, put a timeframe on it.
Greg Hart: So I think form the network side, we are very focused on growing efficiently. And so we talked about up-gauging a lot over the past year and 2015 was the first phase of that where we are seeing growth with the use of slim line. And as Gerry mentioned contributed to the CASM side, comes at a lower RASM, it had significant contribution to the CASM side. We will continue to do that as we also look at frequency reduction and up-gauging into the mainline aircraft from the regional aircraft. And we can do that seat neutral in certain markets. As we have up-gauge that and we drive lower departures actually its really efficient growth and it comes with efficient fuel costs. And so it all kind of works together and we are very much focused on driving that this year.
Oscar Munoz: Duane, if I could just maybe slightly more definitive on the issue of industry comparisons and all of that, its a competitive industry and I am a competitive guy. And so lest anything else we said, we will always have our eyesight on folks that are maybe at this point in time and sort of performing a little better than us. I will tell you what the most critical question around that is, do you have the potential, do you have the capacity, do you have the ability with your network, with your people with all of that. And one of the things I have seen in the relatively short time I have been here is a tremendous amount of all of those things starting with the energy, excitement of our front-line employees, frankly its where it really starts. So at the end of the day, over the long-term, we certainly believe our relative earnings profile will improve and when and how and all that, thats more than I am trying to get done here over the next few months.
Gerry Laderman: And Duane, its right on up-gauging remember that 2016 is a year where there is a dip in that process from 2015. Its just the cadence of new aircraft orders. That ramps up again in 2017 and continues nicely through 2019.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I appreciate that comment. And Oscar, personally we are all amazed that you are on this call and wish you a continued strong recovery. Just on the network side, I had one question. Please check us on this. But we went back and looked at utilization changes, aircraft hours per day over the course of 2015 and many had a nice year-to-year improvement in that and frankly that was what was driving capacity growth. In the case of United, it looks like utilization was actually modestly down. We assume this is an effort to improve reliability, maybe more spares, can you just talk about it, this is the case and the reasons behind it and if there is any cost opportunity there longer term? Thanks for taking the questions.
Jim Compton: Yes. The  one of the things we are driving is our seats per aircraft are going up, so we are driving growth that way. But clearly, as we reinvested in reliability, we want to make sure that the network is driving the right results from the reliability stage. In addition, part of our strategy of growing seats is to lower our stage length, I mean so some of that utilization to drive it an improved network is from a lower stage lengths which is driving block down. So its a combination of couple of things, both investment in reliability as well as our network strategy going forward to set us up to grow efficiently.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Flightglobal, we have Edward Russell on line. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: Hi, I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit on where you are cutting capacity out of Houston and where you plan to grow in San Francisco and Denver for the network side?
Jim Compton: Hi Edward, this is Jim. I think if you think about what we were looking at for Houston in 2016, we are going to grow Houston approximately slightly up about 2%. I think given what we are seeing in the market and as my comments on energy and whats happening in the Houston hub, we will probably keep that relatively flat for the year. And so that capacity, as we look at places of strength, San Fran and Denver to the East Coast, what we are focused on, to fill in some holes that we dont serve today, that will be clearly focused on business markets. And you will see the strong commitment in Houston just adjusted slightly to use that capacity in markets that are performing better right now.
Edward Russell: Okay. And thats you are keeping growth in Houston at 2% this year, thats what  thats correct?
Jim Compton: I am sorry, could you say that again?
Edward Russell: You said you are keeping growth in Houston at about  capacity growth at about 2% in 2016?
Jim Compton: No, our plan was to grow at about 2%. I think you will see it relatively flat in 2016 given the market.
Edward Russell: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Jonathan I will turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Jonathan Ireland: Okay. As we are out of time, we will conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations or Investor Relations if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director, Investor Relations Brett Hart - Acting CEO and Executive Vice President Jim Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer Greg Hart - EVP and Chief Operations Officer Gerry Laderman - Acting CFO and SVP, Finance 
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank  Daniel McKenzie - Buckingham Research Group  Helane Becker - Cowen and Co  Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research  Julie Yates - Credit Suisse  Jamie Baker - JPMorgan  Joseph DeNardi - Stifel Nicolaus  Andrew Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch  Geoffrey Dunstan - Reuters  David Koenig - Associate Press
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2015. My name is Brandon and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the meeting over to your host for today's call, Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This morning we issued our earnings release and separate investor update, both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call we'll discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures please refer to the tables at end of our earnings release and investor update. Copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Acting CEO, Brett Hart; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Senior Vice President, Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. Brett will begin with some overview comments, after which Greg will an update on our operations. Jim will follow the discussion on the revenue and capacity. Gerry will review our costs, fleet and capital structure after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We'd appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Brett.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Jonathan. And thank you all for joining us on our third quarter 2015 earnings call. As you are no doubt aware our new CEO, Oscar Munoz is currently on medical leave while he recovers from a heart attack he suffered late last week. The entire United family has Oscar in our thoughts and prayers. To provide leadership during this period, our Board of Directors had asked me to work with our experienced leadership team and serve as Acting CEO in Oscar's absence. We will continue to push forward the agenda we've laid out over the past six weeks, focuses on customer service, team work and innovation with safety always remaining paramount. Like Oscar, I believe United has the people to network and the assets to achieve the same or greater margins as our peers. And I with our management team will continue to take steps necessary to get us there. The last several weeks have been very eventful for United. With news of Oscar's heart attack hitting many of us hard. However, I want to assure you that the United team has never been more unified and committed to the goal of making United great again.  Turning to our third quarter results. This morning we reported pretax earnings of $1.7 billion, marking the sixth consecutive quarter of margin expansion. Our return on invested capital was 19.8% over the last 12 months and we decreased our non-fuel unit cost in the quarter. Our employees' hard work is a significant contributor to these results. And I want personally thank them for the many contributions to our success.  I will now turn the call over to Greg to provide more information on United's operational performance. 
Greg Hart: Thanks, Brett. And thank you to everyone for joining the call this morning. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their tremendous work through the busy summer season. Day and day out United employees are showing their commitment to improving our operational performance and a considerable progress we made reflects their continued dedication and hard work. Our entire team recognizes that United still has an opportunity to improve the operation. And we are all focused on raising our performance to level we and our customers expect. However, I do want highlight the progress we have made this year. Year-to-date our consolidated on time performance is five points better than the same period last year. Year-to-date completion grade also improved significantly as we have cancelled over 30,000 fewer flights in last year which translates into 2.7 million. In fact, year-to-date including both the mainline and express operation, we have a better completion rate that our main competitors in New York and Chicago, and we have better completion in Houston that our major competitor in Dallas.  Finally, in September we set an all time record for bag handling. And so far this year a mishandle bag rate is 9% better. Over the past several calls, I talked about the investments we've made to improve the operations. The third quarter results showed that these investments along with the hard work of our front line employees are beginning to take hold.  I'd also like to highlight our cargo operation. Cargo revenue in the third quarter was approximately flat year-over-year. While this year has been challenging with declining surcharges and increasing industry cargo capacity, the team has done excellent work offsetting this pressure through an intense focus on expanding our market share. Year-to-date, United's market share A4 carriers improved approximately 10% compared to the same period last year. This led to approximately 8% growth in cargo revenue over the last 12 months. A period in which our major competitor saw their revenue decline. To the entire operation's team, I want to thank you for a very good year so far, but we still have a long journey ahead, you should all be proud of the significant progress we've made.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Compton: Thanks, Greg. Again this quarter, I'd like to thank our customers for fly in United. Many of you have noted the improvement in our products and our operation. And we are continuing to do more everyday to deliver the product you desire. In the third quarter, our consolidated unit revenue declined 5.8% in line with our expectations. The four factors we discussed in our prior earnings call, a strong US dollar, and the effects of lower oil prices, pressure as a result of margin accretive initiative and competitive pricing actions contributed to negative unit revenue growth year-over-year. In the third quarter, we amended our co-branded credit card agreement with Chase and Visa more than two years before the original expiration date. We expect the multiyear extension will generate in an incremental $200 million of revenue in the second half of the year and approximately $400 million of incremental revenue for 2016.  Turning to the fourth quarter. We expect our unit revenue to decline approximately 4% to 6% year-over-year. The major drivers of a fourth quarter decline are similar to those in the third quarter. We expect the foreign exchange impact to account for 1.5 points of year-over-year PRASM pressure. Assuming current conditions continue, we anticipate that the impact of lower surcharges particularly in Japan will account for approximately one point of weakness. We continue to see degradation from our corporate energy customers. With revenue down approximately 35% year-over-year representing roughly one point of PRASM decline. We also expect the current competitive pricing actions will drive approximately 1.5 points of decline in the quarter. Finally, the margin accretive actions we are taking such as installing slimline seats are anticipated to drive approximately 0.5 PRASM decline. I'd like to take this opportunity to speak briefly about our presence in China. China continues to be an important and profitable market for United. We are closely monitoring the changing dynamics of its economy. Following the currency devaluation and Chinese stock market decline in August, we saw a brief drop in bookings. However, bookings recovered nicely and have rebounded to near pre -devaluation levels. A second factor we continue to experience, a significant competitive capacity growth in China. For the fourth quarter we anticipate an approximately 35% increase in non - United capacity growth year-over-year. Despite these pressures, our major shipments is in the US China market is an asset which will produce returns on our investments now and over the longer term. Results in Chengdu saw meaningful year-over-year improvement. And we are continuing to execute on our China's strategy with our new non stop service to Shiyan, China. While the current revenue environment is challenging, it is important that we take steps to capture incremental revenue by better meeting our customers' needs. For example, we know that our business customers prefer two cabin aircraft over single cabin 50 seat aircraft. We have responded by significantly increasing the number of two cabin regional jets for mainline aircraft and routes where we previously flew small regional jets without materially affecting capacity. To that end, 79% of United's top 100 business markets are now operated exclusively with two cabinet aircraft on weekdays. This is up from 59% in November of 2013. To put in a slightly different perspective, 94% of the flight in these markets will be flown with two cabin aircraft. We will continue this transition in the quarters ahead. While this is just one initiative, it is a good example of how we are listening to our customers and responding appropriately.  With respect to capacity. In the fourth quarter, we expect to grow approximately 1% to 2%. This 0.5 point increase versus our prior guidance is due to higher completion factor as improved operations are driving fewer cancel flights. For the full year 2016, we anticipate growing capacity approximately 1.5% to 2.5%. With a quarter of point due to leap year adding an additional day to the calendar.  In conclusion, as we move into 2016, we will begin lapping many of the headwinds to run your performance and expect quarter-over-quarter PRASM improvement. We are working to return PRASM growth which will be supported by our advancement in our operation, network and customer service. We want to be the carrier of choice and we will continue to take the necessary actions to achieve that goal.  With that I'll turn it over to Gerry. 
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Let me also thank our employees for another record quarter which was a direct result of their hard work and dedication. In the third quarter, our pretax profit was $1.7 billion excluding special items, the pretax margin of 16.6%. We increased our earnings per share by 65% year-over-year, generated $1.3 billion of operating cash flow and achieved a 12 months return on invested capital of 19.8%. Our GAAP net income was $4.8 billion but that includes a non-cash special item of $3.2 billion related to the reversal of our tax valuation allowance in the quarter. Non fuel cost performance in the third quarter was excellent. With consolidated CASM excluding fuel profit sharing and third party business expense decreasing 1.5% year-over-year. We expect CASM excluding those items to be flat to up 1% for the fourth quarter and to be down approximately 0.5% for the full year. Sensible cost management is critical for United's financial success. To the first nine months of this year, we've achieved approximately $600 million in non fuel savings through our project quality efficiency initiative and we expect to realize $800 million for the full year. We continue to expect achieve our goal of $1 billion in annual non fuel cost savings by the end of next year, a full year in advance of our initial expectations.  Turning to fuel expense. We recorded a hedge loss of approximately $250 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter we are approximately 23% hedged and based on the October 15 forward curve, we expect to incur approximately $275 million in hedge losses while participating in approximately 81% of any future price declines. For 2016, we have about 17% of our expected fuel consumption hedge. This hedge is currently in a loss position of approximately $43 million, but does allow us to participate in approximately 93% of any future decline in oil prices.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to achieve a pretax margin between 9.5% and 11.5% in the quarter with pressure coming from passenger revenue, offset by improved mileage plus revenue combined with lower fuel prices and solid non fuel cost performance.  As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, our top priority is investing in our business. We believe it is critical that our employees are provided the tools to do their jobs efficiently and effectively. Our investments are major contributor to our improving operational performance and we will continue to look for investments to further advance our progress in this area. In the quarter, we spent over $700 million on capital expenditures and continue to expect to spend approximately $3.2 billion for the full year. Part of this capital is allocated to aircraft. In the quarter, we took delivery of six 737-900ERs, four 787-9 and one new 737-700. We also added 16 additional, 76 seat Embraer E175 regional aircraft and now the 75 of these customer pleasing regional aircraft in our fleet. Debt repayment and pension funding were minimal in the quarter as we made excellent progress, paying down debt and funding our pension in the first half of the year. So far this year, we made more than $900 million of debt repayment and contributed $800 million to our pension plans. Actions like this strengthening our balance sheet and demonstrate our commitment to reducing the financial risk in our business. Additionally, providing a meaningful return to our investors is fundamental to our capital allocation plan. In the third quarter, we spent $262 million in share repurchases. So far this month, we've spent approximately $100 million more to repurchase United stock and this morning we also entered into a $300 million accelerated share repurchase program that will be completed within three months. Furthermore, this program does not prohibit us from making additional open market repurchases of our stock throughout the duration of the program.  To wrap up, we are proud of our results this quarter and we will continue to focus on delivering strong earnings and allocating our capital in a thoughtful and balanced manner. The investments we are making in our people and our product will ensure a great future. Finally, I just want to reiterate what we said earlier. The thoughts of everyone here are with Oscar and his family. I'll now turn it back over to Brett for closing remarks. 
Brett Hart: Thanks, Gerry. Thank you again to everyone who joined the call this morning. This had been a challenging few weeks for us. And we are proud of how the United family has come together. Now let me go, we ask our customers and our employees to tell us how we could do things better. And we have heard from thousands of you. We are reading and listening to every single suggestion and in the upcoming weeks, we will be announcing some changes that are a direct result of your feedback. We believe like you that United can be great again. And it is with your ideas, your support and dedication that we will as one United team be successful.  I'll now turn the call over to Jonathan to open the call for questions. 
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, Brett. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask the questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. From Deutsche Bank we have Michael Linenberg. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg : Yes, Hey, good morning, everybody. Question to Jim. Jim, when you highlighted the sort of the four issues that have been undermining the revenue performance, you talked about the fourth one being this competitive pricing issue. And I know you sort of characterized it as such on this call. But when we look at the guidance that was put out today, I mean rather than competitive pricing I mean it's referenced as softening of domestic yields and maybe I'm just reading too much into it, but when I sort of see that it tells me maybe this is a bigger issue and maybe it is more of a demand issue rather than just a carriers going rogue on pricing. Can you just give us some additional thoughts on that?
Jim Compton: Hey, Mike, excellent question. We are not seeing --if I talk about let's break it out, top of the domestic based on your question. We actually see what I would call a lukewarm or tepid demand and really good demand continuing kind of what we have seen in the third quarter and so for as we head into the fourth quarter. And so that as we think about our guidance, the items that highlighted whether be it foreign exchange, we still have that impact year-over-year and if you took today's current exchange rates, you would begin to fully lap that in the second quarter of 2016. Then there is the internationally jumping there is lower surcharges but that also flows across to domestic and impact domestic also, that given current surcharges with lap itself also in second quarter. And then we are somewhat unique with energy. And in the energy as I mentioned we are seeing about 35% declines in our corporate revenue associated with that sector. And quite frankly that we talked about that in 20% in the first quarter, 30% in the second quarter so 35% in the third. We continue to see a drift towards that 40%, so as I think about the fourth quarter that would be kind of demand maybe that you are point to that we would see given our presence in Houston that might be what you are alluding to. But at the end of the day also if you think about the course of the year, our expectations of demand at the beginning of the year are clearly lower as reflected in where GDP has gone through the year. So as we think about next year, many of those elements will start to lap but we are still focused on where that demand will be versus our expectations. We are planning around 2% to 3% GDP in 2016 but like this year we want to keep our eyes and monitor on where demand versus expectations go.
Michael Linenberg : Great, very helpful. Then just my second question and this is to Gerry on the fleet. If I sort of look at your latest fleet schedule and I kind of look back the last time you published it, doesn't seem like there's much change on mainline. I think be holding a 747, you're holding onto it a little bit longer that maybe what you had previously expected. But when I look at the regional side, it does look like that your holding onto some of those airplanes a little bit longer. I think there was a bigger reduction in the regional fleet a few months back. Is that a function of maybe some of the issues that one of your regional carriers is facing and so in order to maybe back fill for some of that it makes sense to maybe keep some of these airplanes in the fleet longer? What's driving that?
Gerry Laderman: Mike, it is really just kind of timing issue on a few aircraft. It doesn't change sort of our long term view on where the fleet is headed and you will see over time less regional flying, more mainline flying as we up gauge but I wouldn't read too much into the change in the year end number. 
Operator: From Buckingham Research we have Daniel McKenzie on line. Please go ahead.
Daniel McKenzie: Hey, good morning, guys. Brett, congratulations on being selected to step up here and my condolences, I know you guys are all close to Oscar. I know you're still getting your feet wet in the role here but given your customer service responsibility this year I'm wondering if that's something you would want to talk to. What have you found? Where's the low hanging fruit and where do we go from here?
Brett Hart: Yes, appreciate that Dan. We have been focused for some time and course of the year on improving customer service and identifying areas where we can impact make a difference and where possible make a difference in the short run. Oscar certainly coming in and taking the time to talk to customers and employees, he is laser focused on that area as well. And this would be certainly one of those areas where we could say that our efforts are being expedited. I think that you see changes and improvement and you probably already are in areas like our ability to do with regular operations. And you will see us addressing the boarding process. You will see a number of changes related to the overall in flight experience. But we should keep in mind that at the very core, operational reliability is really the driver for customer satisfaction. I can ask Greg to add anything that he likes to add on this point as well. 
Greg Hart: Yes. Oscar obviously capable of as Brett mentioned a laser like focused on a number of things. One of which was reliability and it is really continuing the trend we started little bit over a year ago in terms of making improvements in the operations and rethinking really everything that we do each and everyday. And exciting thing for all of us is we are on the front end of a whole host of activities that we've engaged in over the past year to improve the operation. We got a wave of things that are coming to, that will help carry us forward in terms of improvements. 
Daniel McKenzie: Very good. I guess just second follow-up here. One message that I'm really hearing from you is 59% of the departures getting a heck of a lot better from a margin profitability perspective just given the RJ restructuring and you are obviously talking about getting back to margins relative to your peers. What are you seeing exactly in that part of the business in terms of profit improvement and where to be go from here? What any there in really with the RJ restructuring? 
Jim Compton: Hey, Dan. This is Jim. If you think about in two pieces and we feel lot obviously strong initiative introducing the E-175 into the network. And we are very far along in that path and we finish that rolling out that path as we move into 2016, we are very far along. I would say in terms of the regional piece and becoming less depended on it, if you think about continuing to remove 50 seat regional jets for about halfway in total when you combined that with where we are in the 76 seater in terms of restructuring the network. So we are very excited about it. You are right we are seeing the benefits that product of two class cabin, it is comes in a number of ways. One is just more competitive in this high business market. Secondly, it is introducing the ability to drive ancillary revenue which have been very successful on this year, introduces with that 76 seater we put in mainline when it substituting for 50 seater, a first class and economy class. So the network is responding really, really well in terms of as we gauge really gauging strategy to be much more competitive across the domestic network. 
Operator: From Cowen and Co we have Helane Becker on line. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker : Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. So just one question here with respect to-- actually I have two questions. There were some stories in the press this morning about some of the Chinese airlines merger cargo and operations and then some speculation that maybe some of the larger airlines would merge. I don't necessarily want you to comment on what you can't comment on, but I am just kind of curious China Southern is a sky team member in Air China is star lines member so have you thought about how something like that would affect your operations in China going forward?
Jim Compton: Hey, Helane. This is Jim. Air China is a tremendous partner of ours and quite frankly we are continuing to build that relationship as we grow in China. And lot of degrees here to your questions obviously China is a very competitive market and as I mentioned we see non UA capacity growing 35% in the fourth quarter. I'll tell you it's very profitable for us and its profitability quarter-over-quarter has continue through the first three quarters this year and I expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. And is built on really strong plan that we've talked about in the past. One is capturing the demand that is very strong out of China. If you think about the demand in China what we are finding is that although there is a large capacity increase, as the economy grows it stimulates more traffic. There is also existing traffic from China to the US many times goes over other connecting point such as Korea. So it is non stop come in but we capturing of that traffic too. So not only is that a market that's growing in new demand, we are actually recapturing some of that connecting traffic over hub such in Korea. That being said, our strategy again is also depended on the secondary cities not just the Beijing and Shanghai. And a lot of studies have shown that the demand for China will double by 2020, half of that demand is going to come from secondary cities. So when we are look at our due service out of San Francisco, it's exceeding our expectations in doing very well year-over-year. And that's heart of that strategy which is why we are excited about our second secondary city San Francisco to Shiyan. So I know I answered your question, China is an important part of our network, very profitable, extremely competitive in whether it's cargo or whether it's passenger carriers, but we think we are really well positioned to keep building on the profitability that we have there. 
Brett Hart: Hi, Helane. This is Brett. Just to put a point on that I think the second part of your question. We are just in a position to speculate on rumors related to potential mergers. 
Helane Becker: Okay, no, that's fine. And then I just have a completely unrelated question. How far along are you in -- I know this I'm not saying it the right way. But how close are you to the cap on 70 C aircraft with respect to your scope clause?
Gerry Laderman : Helane, based on what we have in the pipeline, we would hit that cap sometime next year as we bring in the rest of the 175's.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay online. Please go ahead. 
Hunter Keay: Good morning. One of the things that investors point to continually with United is the free cash flow yield. But you guys don't really talk about cash flow. You don't talk about free flow, I don't think you ever guided to and if you talk with people that believe in your stock, it has the potential to be one of the best free cash flow stories around. Good and even better industrial companies guide to free cash flow regularly so I guess two questions for you. Why aren't you talking about your free cash flow more and highlighting what can really be sort of industry best in story there? Is it something that we need to know about that maybe we're getting ahead of ourselves and if you care to put in a guidepost how should think about free cash generation next year, I would love to hear that too.
Gerry Laderman: So, Hunter, it is Gerry. This year as you know has been a great year for free cash flow and really kind of the first year that we made terrific progress in that direction. So it is something we look at. I personally get little bothered by the way it's typically calculated only because in airline has a significant CapEx exposure to new aircraft and depending on how we choose to finance new aircraft that has a material impact on free cash flow. So what we are doing is kind of thinking about the best way to look at that and manage that and work with you and others on how best to deliver that message. But it is a focus of ours. 
Hunter Keay: Okay. And then in the context of capital returns, I know that you guys said that you're going to be ramping up the buyback in the fourth quarter which is great. It's good to see that certainly, but do we need new leadership to come in and to really sort of bless a more aggressive capital deployment strategy? Or is this something that the current leadership team has the willingness and ability to do on an interim basis in the event that you can be opportunistic on your stock in terms of buying it back and in the event that you guys do have a bunch of cash coming into the business next year either be a debt which are going to raise for new aircraft acquisitions or the free cash flow itself, is there any recent think why the pace of the share buyback should not be materially increase in all of equal environment as we move through the course of 2016?
Gerry Laderman: So, Hunter, as Brett said earlier we are moving forward with our plan and certainly my plan in finance is to balance capital deployment. It has been in place for quite while. Now granted in the third quarter, our share buyback may not have been what some people would have expected, but keep in mind that was the circumstances we were dealing within the third quarter. We just felt it was prudent to maintain the steady pace we were at. But as you can see what we have done this month already between what we actually purchase in the open market and the ASR that we entered into that's $400 million dedicated to the share repurchase in this month. So we are absolutely committed to contributing our current $3 billion program at or ahead of schedule. So that will continue. And let me talk about the other parts of the capital deployment strategy. It is absolutely essential that we make the investments we have to make in our people and our processes now systems and our product. It's going to be done sensibly and these investments need to be margin neutral or margin accretive. And I think that those investments will be made within the CapEx guidance that we've been giving out. And then we got continued de-risking of our balance sheet. That's an area that we don't have a luxury any more for pre paying substantial amount of high coupon debt. As you know, we've done all that. So going forward as we continue to manage to the right level of debt, that will be a combination of the debt that amortizes over the next few years, it is billions of dollars. First of all, we manage financing for new aircraft then it's interesting situation because that's an area that we can access capital really, really cheaply whether it's through the capital market or through the banks. And we continue to manage that and in the process while I would expect that we would continue to finance most of our aircraft deliveries, we may not finance them to the level that we have in the past. And that's another way of getting to our goal of de-leveraging. But there is no question and as you saw given our commitment this month, we are very focused on as part of that also doing the right thing with returning capital to shareholders.
Operator: From Credit Suisse we have Julie Yates online. Please go ahead. 
Julie Yates: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Are you guys ready to give a split between the domestic and international growth embedded in the 2016 capacity guide? 
Jim Compton: Hey, Julie. This is Jim. We've guided to consolidated 1.5% to 2.5%. Right now as we look at capacity for 2016, we'd be up 1% to 2% on the domestic side and 2% to 3% on the international, so that's how we would split that 1.5% to 2.5%. And I've always say were going to keep our eye on demand and make sure that we have a best align or demand with capacity but we're really comfortable with that breakout right now. 
Julie Yates: Okay, great. And then any comments just directionally how that 2% to 3% internationally was split between the three geographies? 
Jim Compton: I will give you some direction that we recently and we're very excited about some markets we just announced, San Fran and Auckland, San Fran to Shiyan, China as well as San Fran -Tel Aviv. So San Francisco is a key focus for us to continue to capture the benefit in Asia as well as we have a terrific long history in Israel that we feel really excited about the San Francisco, Tel Aviv flights. So a lot of that off is West Coast or some -- there's a little bit of run rate in some areas this year, but that would be things that were ready to talk about right now.
Julie Yates: Okay, very helpful. And then Jim on the domestic PRASM, looks like that improves sequentially to a decline of 1.6% in Q3 which is about 180 basis points better than Q2 primarily on load factors, that's nicely ahead of the A4 average, it is pretty impressive given the pressures in Chicago and Houston. What's allowing you guys to outperform on domestic unit revenues and do you expect the domestic entity can continue to improve sequentially in the fourth quarter and into 2016 as well? 
Jim Compton: Julie, I think it is a number of things. And first point to some of the things that we talked about and the improvement on the operations as we gone through the year. The operations teams done a tremendous job. And so we are building that for a liability that we need to build and as Greg mentioned we have more to go and we are going to continue to do that. And so from revenue perspective you can clearly see that, that when you become carrier of choice and at the margin you build on that you see that incremental revenue come to us, we are very excited about that. The revenue management team although there is competitive pricing out there. We approach that as not one size result and so not into a lot of detail but the revenue management team works extremely hard particularly at high demand period to make sure that the best mix of demand is on the aircraft like and pull that off to really strong way. The network as we talked about as we begin our up gauging introducing two cabin aircraft into business market, it is giving up -- it is at the early stages of giving those results. So in number of those things and yet we do have those pressures not because of price expansion but the fact that the energy sector is now, I think the team has done a terrific job. Actually if you take a look at it and you referenced the 84A, our consolidated domestic length apologist arousing in the third quarter was it high it has been since 2011 on a relative basis to 84A peers, so we are really excited about the initiatives that teams driving, actually more excited about what we have come forward. 
Operator: From JPMorgan we have Jamie Baker on line. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker : Hi, good morning. A question for Brett. We met with Oscar recently and he indicated and these are his words that United had lost its front line. And I for one appreciated the bluntness of that statement. He also indicated that he expected to have the final bench, manage of bench in place by year end. I know you spoke about pushing forward with the current agenda but I'm curious if your views on the front line and the timetable from management clearly are consistent with his.
Brett Hart: Yes, I appreciate that question, Jamie. I think first you have to put in the context what Oscar was doing in his seven weeks with the company and his commitment first and foremost was to get out into the operations to get down into break room or is to get out on the ramp to talk to employees and the focus very specifically on what they would like to see change. And he heard it at every location that he went to and it's very healthy for us to receive that feedback. And Oscar had a level of urgency with respect to addressing; getting our employees the tools they need to provide terrific customer service which is at the end of the day his clearly are objective. So I think what you may have read from that perspective into Oscar's comments was a real sense of urgency which we all need to have about ensuring that our employees, our front line employees are able to provide the level of service that they would like to provide and in some respect we really acknowledge that we can do better and we are working very hard on that. But I wouldn't misinterpret Oscar's desire to create urgency in that area which is appropriate with an outcome perspective to disconnect between our front line employees and management so we are very focused on it and we expect to continue to move forward with the momentum that Oscar brought in that area. As relates to the management team, look this is added score, this is a team that has been here through first quarter which resulted in record results, and the second quarter which was already in record results and the third quarter which we resulted in a record results. We would expect -- you would expect every new CEO to come and evaluate his management team that is the CEO's prerogative, any changes that are made are based upon what's perceived as we needed and in parts what that CEO perceives that he or she need. So I don't think that's out of the ordinary for a new CEO. I'll tell you that the team that we have here now is fully capable of and well in fact execute the plan to rest of this year. And we feel very confident about that and we feel very confident about our ability to continue to connect with the front line employees and move forward as the unified organization. 
Jamie Baker : Excellent. I appreciate that. Second question follow up with Jim on domestic pricing. How much stronger are pricing trends in markets where discounters do not file fair's than in the O&D where they do and the reason I ask the question is that I am trying to assess whether domestic revenue pressures are a function solely of discounter influence or perhaps there's also room for pricing improvements in markets where discounters do not have an influence, any color on that?
Jim Compton: Hey, Jamie, Jim. Yes, clearly the competitor pricing pressures that we talked about in Houston, Dallas and Chicago continue and so it is -- those competitor pricing pressures are more isolated in those markets. I would add that the energy sector becomes a little bit more spread both international and the domestic where we have seen that demand. But outside of that we see good demand, relatively -- relative to -- obviously energy relatively strong demand and so I think that as we manage price relative that demand we will continue to do that. And but I think there is a strong demand outside those markets that you refer to. 
Operator: From Stifel we have Joseph DeNardi on line. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Thank you. Brett, just on your comments about closing the margin gap between you and your peers, I guess your few innings into on the cost side and a fuel adjusted basis margin having a close much so, is the story here that you just have to wait for Houston and domestic yields in the Pacific to get better before the gap starts to close or what are the main levers over the next 24 months that you see closing that gap?
Jim Compton : Well, clearly this is Jim. Clearly the energy is putting pressure on us. And so as that sector moves and whether it softens a little bit more and begin to improve that will obviously have an impact on us because the corporate energy business and that sector and our hub in Houston is very much affected by that business. In terms of growing margins from a networks perspective, I separate that because the networks on a past as I saw as we kind of refer to what we are doing with two cabin aircraft becoming less depended on regional jets that are up gauging strategy is very much a margin accretive strategy. And so --and we are going to continue -- that is our path to continue into 2016. In addition that up gauging just a piece of that is slimline activity that we began this year. Remember that we've talked about it before, it comes out of $0.04 to $0.06 rise depending on the fleet in the market and it comes out of about $0.01 to $0.02 CASM depending on the market, very much margin accretive. So I think would summarize is that being the team's initiative going forward are to continue to drive incremental margin and we are really confident that we can do that. There are some extra things obviously such as the energy that put pressure on that. But we are moving forward, the network will continue to contribute to that. 
Gerry Laderman: Yes. Joe, it is Gerry. On the cost side, keep in mind that brings next year as we continue with project quality initiative. We hit that run rate of $1 billion, that's couple hundred million incremental to this year, so there is some real benefit there. We got to continue de-leveraging that helps on interest expense and yes don't forget as we continue on the reliability initiatives efficiency is going to drive cost down as well. 
Joseph DeNardi: Okay, thanks for that. And Gerry, I guess just on project quality, just the $200 million in savings expected in 4Q just given the pace that you guys are moving out, how much upside is there to the $1 billion at this point and then if you could just -- is there an interest expense target that you think is appropriate for next year just given the de-leveraging?
Gerry Laderman: On project quality, it is too soon to tell kind of pace going forward beyond the initial initiative. We'll have more color I think when we start our talking about 2016 cost guidance in January. But I can tell you that nobody is stopping. The $1 billion will reach and the sort of the sensible cost management culture is embedded in everyone's DNA here, so we will continue with those efficiencies. As Jim said, as we update we are going to get some benefits there on the cost side as well. So we will have more color for you into next year. But we are hopeful of that, that we will continue with the progress we've made. 
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Then just on the interest expense, is there a target, do you think you guys can get to next year?
Gerry Laderman: Not really. We're not going to that yet. Will take a look at so where the opportunities are there and will have more color on that in January.
Operator: And our last question from Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora on line. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hey, good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the question. I guess my first question for Jim certainly appreciates all the color around what you're seeing in China right now. It seems like from booking standpoint you aren't seeing much of a change. But with the capacity increases you noted I guess will unit revenues in the region get worse before they get better or do you see -- can you continue sequential improvement on the Pacific like you're seeing from a system wide perspective?
Jim Compton: Hey, Andrew, Jim. Obviously that capacity if you think about China, by itself that capacity does put pressure on unit revenue and we see that 35% growth in the fourth quarter. But on the other hand demand is growing strong but as I mentioned on the couple sources of that demand whether it is traffic that's making, it is also the US over other connecting points or the economies stimulating it. So we are filling much of that capacity and as you think about going forward the Chinese carriers continue to use the rights and as we move beyond 2016 given the current allocation of right we should begin to see that capacity growth debate.
Andrew Didora: Great, thank you for that. And my follow-up question. I guess at this time, are you willing to say when you think you could get back to a flat system wide PRASM?
Jim Compton: Andrew, this is Jim. I am not. I talked a little bit about kind of the pieces that are moving, foreign exchange that giving current levels of foreign exchange, the negative impact of PRASM will begin to fully lap in the second quarter. The lower surcharges will lap fully in the second quarter given where they are at today. The energy business is the one that we are watching really, really closely. We've seen it soften a little bit more from the second quarter and we talked about being 35% down in the third quarter. Compare to -- based on the pricing structure today that would lap itself in the third quarter of next year. So it is difficult to pinpoint when that PRASM would be flat year-over-year. But we think those pressures, those negative pressures begin to update as we move towards that. And the last piece is that, as I mentioned on earlier comments that we are going to keep our eye on demand. Demand at the beginning of this year expectations were to be greater than what we've seen. And so it makes it difficult to pinpoint that. But as I mentioned in my comments we do see that quarter-over-quarter sequential improvement as we head towards growing PRASM. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analysts and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Reuters we have Geoffrey Dunstan. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Dunstan: Thank you very much. Brett how does your vision or the initiatives you will introduce to realize that vision differ at all from Mr. Munoz's vision or initiatives? 
Brett Hart: Hi, Geoffrey. They don't differ at all. We have plan in place and we are going to work execute that plan over the course of the next couple of months to finish out this fiscal year. Oscar's focus and what he brought to us during the time that he was here, and was a renewed focus on our customers, on getting our employees the tools they need to succeed in provide excellent customer service. Making sure that our systems and processes are geared towards those objectives and he had a very strong focus first and foremost on safety. We are using what he provided in terms of his vision as a lens for executing on our plan for the rest of this fiscal year. So those perspectives are in entirely aligned and there would be no dramatic changes. 
Geoffrey Dunstan: Great, thank you very much. In line with that, what is on the table beside a new tone that will United to conclude contracts with its flight attendants and its maintenance technicians and then if you may, is there anything that's going to be a game changer to the in-flight experience and plans that you are guys taking now. 
Brett Hart: So on the first part of that question; we remain very focused on achieving joint collective bargaining agreements. And we think that Oscar's focus again was on connecting immediately with our front line employees and with our labor leaders. And we will continue that process. So and obviously towards achieving agreements that are fair to or employees and fair to the company over the long run. So we remain focused on that. In terms of the in-flight experience I'll allow Greg to -- Greg or Jim to provide perspective on that. 
Jim Compton: Hey, Geoffrey, Jim. On the products, let me jump on the products side and I think what you are going to see is when I think call it cadence and we have been doing a deep review of our product and quite frankly listening to our customers and our employees being involved in that conversation about different things we can do. So it is cadence and I would say that we are down to three choices of premium coffee. And that was something we heard loud and clear. And I think we are really, really closet. We kind of go through that process bringing our employees quite frankly into that process and our customers are going to enjoy that so forth. It is small example of cadence that you are going to see across the company. Relatively quickly I want to say this is going to come slowly. And recognizing our best customers, our flight attendants today are doing a terrific job of offering a free drink to some of our best customers in the economy cabin when they don't get their upgrade. So that's another example of cadence of things from a product point of view. I put all that we have a number of product things happening. Whether as to continuation of rolling out Wi-Fi, whether it's the reconfiguration of our aircraft and growing flatbed seats, newer San Fran and newer LA will be100 flatbed seat beginning on October 25 with our PS service in New York. So a number of product things are going to be happening as well as the things that we are hearing from our customers and employees. 
Operator: And our last question from the Associate Press, we have David Koenig. Please go ahead.
David Koenig: I was going to ask pretty much the same thing about the in-flight experience. How quickly are you going to have more details on that? There were some reference to some other initiatives coming out and maybe some guidance in January. When do you expect to have more details on anything additional on in-flight experience? 
Jim Compton: More details. Over the next week and we will be starting -- we will announce more of those details. So again it is a cadence that a cadence as we can implement them. Some items take longer to implement and planning. But as we move through the next several weeks and through the end of the year. You will hear many of those details. 
David Koenig: And anything you can say more on the boarding process? I mean that's something that carriers constantly ticker with, is it just part of that fleet that's giving you problem or you are looking at everything and what might you change?
Jim Compton: It is interesting after all who is looking at the boarding process because that's one of the things quite frankly that we hear a lot about and how we can improve it. And we are actually doing some testing of that boarding process here in O'Hare beginning this week, changes to it. So nothing to announce yet but again an example of that. There is a lot of activity happening based on what we are hearing from our employees and what from customers. So you will hear more on that where we describe how that testing went. But we are going to try -- you will hear will be experimenting with some different boarding process, give some better details and how we can improve that. 
David Koenig: Can you say what you are testing? 
Jim Compton: I am sorry.
David Koenig: Can you say what you are testing? 
Jim Compton: I won't because the testing is literally starting this week. I will encourage people to walk by BA in O'Hare and you can see that testing live if you are hitting one of the time periods we are doing it.
Jonathan Ireland: Brandon, this will conclude our call. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call me at relations if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good bye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene Foxhall  EVP, Communications and Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland  Managing Director, Investor Relations Jeff Smisek  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Compton  Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer Greg Hart  EVP and Chief Operations Officer John Rainey  EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julie Yates  Credit Suisse Jamie Baker  JPMorgan Andrew Didora  Bank of America Hunter Keay  Wolfe Research Joseph DeNardi  Stifel Mike Linenberg  Deutsche Bank Helane Becker  Cowen Dan McKenzie  Buckingham Research Duane Pfennigwerth  Evercore ISI David Fintzen  Barclays Tom Kim  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter of 2015. My name is Brandon [ph] and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Irene Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon [ph]. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will discuss revenue and capacity. Greg will follow with an update on our operations. John will then review our cost, fleet and capital structure after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We'd appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that I'll turn it over to Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning we issued our earnings release and separate investor update, both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for more throughout description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call we'll discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures please refer to the tables at end of our earnings release and investor update. Copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted special charges are excluded as we walk through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Today we reported pre-tax earnings of $1.3 billion, the highest quarterly earnings in United's history. We earned $3.31 per diluted share and produced an 18.2% return on invested capital over the last 12 months. In the quarter, we generated $1.8 billion of operating cash flow and almost $0.5 billion of free cash flow. We put our cash to good use by investing it in our employees and our business, prepaying debt and making significant contributions to our pension plans, buying back stock and investing in strategic partnerships. Over the past few years, we've made good progress strengthening our balance sheet to derisk the business while also making substantial progress completing our initial $1 billion share repurchase program. Accordingly today we announced a new $3 billion share repurchase program to be completed by the end of 2017. In addition we now expect to complete our initial $1 billion authorization in the third quarter, almost two years ahead of schedule. Our new share repurchase program demonstrates confidence in our ability to generate and sustain meaningful free cash flow. Turning to expense, we continue to demonstrate cost discipline, growing second quarter non-fuel unit costs only 0.3%. This excellent cost performance is due in large part to the continuing success of Project Quality, our $2 billion efficiency and quality initiative. Project Quality highlights the dedication and commitment of United's workforce. Our employees continue to discover and implement new ways to improve everything we do and I want to thank them for their efforts to help make our company stronger and more sustainable over the long term. I'd also like to thank our employees for their commitment and effort managing through a challenging operation in June. Our operational performance was below our expectations in June due to tough weather and a spike in maintenance write ups and we took action to address the maintenance related situation. As a result, we've seen a meaningful improvement in our operations over the past few weeks and Greg will provide further detail in a few minutes. We expect the third quarter to be another good quarter for United financially, and we estimate our pre-tax margin will be between 13.5% and 15.5% driven by continuing cost discipline and lower oil prices. Although our expected margin performance is muted by the current weak revenue environment for our industry we're making network and capacity decisions to address this weakness with a focus on structuring our network to expand both margins and return on invested capital. Over the last several years we have demonstrated our commitment to matching United's capacity with demand and we will continue to take the appropriate network and capacity actions to deliver value to our shareholders. In conclusion the second quarter was a very good quarter for United and I am proud of the work our employees have done to deliver record earnings which benefit all our constituencies, including our employees themselves. We have a great deal of confidence in our future as we work to make United the carrier of choice. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jim Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to thank our customers for flying United. We work hard every day to improve our performance, our product and our network to deliver the choice and experience you desire. In the second quarter our consolidated unit revenue fell 5.6%. The drivers were consistent with our initial expectations, a strong U.S. dollar, the effects of lower oil prices, pressure as a result of margin-accretive initiatives and competitive pricing actions. While the drivers were unchanged, unit revenue deteriorated throughout the quarter. In particular revenue from our energy-related corporate contracts declined more than we anticipated and the effects of competitive pricing worsened throughout the quarter. Corporate revenue for the second quarter decreased by approximately 5% on roughly flat traffic year-over-year, largely due to a 30% reduction in revenue from oil and gas related corporate customers. We believe this decline has roughly leveled out, and we don't anticipate material deterioration for the remainder of the year. Excluding oil and gas related corporate revenue our corporate revenue was down approximately 2% with traffic volumes up approximately 2% year-over-year. Ancillary revenue continued to perform well over the second quarter, growing 7% per passenger versus the second quarter of last year. We are now generating more than $23 per passenger in ancillary revenue and remain on track to achieve $3.2 billion of ancillary revenue this year. In the third quarter, we expect our [indiscernible] to decline 5% to 7% on capacity growth of 1.25% to 2.25%. We anticipate international unit revenue will be down [to 11%] [ph] and domestic unit revenue to decline 1% to 3%. The drivers of our third quarter unit revenue are largely the same as those in the second quarter. We expect the foreign exchange impact to account for 1.5 points of year-over-year PRASM pressure. We anticipate that the impact of lower international surcharges will account for one point of weakness, and that lower oil and gas related corporate revenue will drive nearly one point of PRASM decline. We also expect the current competitive pricing actions will drive another 1.5 points of decline in the quarter. Finally, the margin accretive actions we are taking, such as installing slim line seats and consolidating frequencies through up gauging will drive a half point of unit revenue decline. As we expect this to be our second consecutive quarter of negative year over year unit revenue performance, we have taken the appropriate actions to minimize this decline. We reduced second half capacity by approximately half a point and now expect full year 2015 consolidated capacity to grow between 1% and 1.5% this year. The capacity reduction largely comes from three markets where we've seen meaningful reduction in demand. First we further reduced capacity in our Core Energy markets. We have reduced capacity in those markets by 9% in the third quarter and 8% in the fourth quarter. Second, we pulled down capacity into Brazil by 7% in the fourth quarter to help offset the yield weakness driven by the strong U.S. dollar and the weak Brazilian economy. Finally we further reduced our Trans-Atlantic capacity in the fourth quarter. Our Trans-Atlantic capacity will decline approximately 0.5% year over year. The total impact of these changes will result in fourth quarter consolidated capacity of approximately 0.5% to 1.5%, more than 1.5 points lower than we had initially planned. As we have demonstrated over the last several years United has historically built its capacity to match demand and will continue this practice going forward. We will evaluate further capacity actions based on our expectations for demand as we move into the winter periods. We continue to improve our network with a focus on enhancing our core strengths. In June we announced our decision to move our p.s. service from JFK to our global gateway at Newark Liberty. With this change we will have the most flat lie-flat seats between New York and Los Angeles and San Francisco of any airline and will now offer our premium p.s. product at our premier New York Hub. In conclusion while unit revenue performance is down year over year, I am confident we are taking the appropriate steps to address the current challenging demand environment. At United we have a long history of matching capacity to demand and we intend to continue that. Our decision to move our p.s. product out of JFK and into Newark Liberty is one example of how we are prepared to take significant actions for the long-term benefit of our network, our customers, our employees and our shareholders, and we will continue to evaluate other opportunities going forward. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Hart: Thanks, Jim, and thank to everyone for joining the call this morning. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for the continued hard work and for managing through a difficult operation in June. I'm proud of how you handled the tough conditions by putting our customers first and I appreciate your dedication and professionalism. Despite a challenging June, our operation has improved materially this year. In fact we have cancelled 24,000 fewer flights during the first half of this year than we did during the same period last year. We also improved our system-wide on time performance by over four points during the same period. This improvement could not have been achieved without the commitment of our experienced team. With respect to the second quarter, we performed well in April and May, but a difficult June led to second quarter operational performance that did not meet our expectations. One factor was weather. In June we faced thunderstorm activity at one or more of our hubs during 25 of the 30 days of the month. We also experience an increase in maintenance write-ups in the first three weeks of June. We've taken steps to address the maintenance related issues and over the last four weeks we've seen our performance improve materially including a roughly 50% reduction in maintenance cancellations when compared to the first three weeks of June. Over the past several calls I've talked to you about the investments we've made to better communicate with our customers. During the difficult June period we used these new tools and procedures to more quickly and effectively respond to our customers' needs. For example with these tools we are able to proactively notify customers about disruptions and resolve their issues in a more timely manner than we could have in the past. In addition, by equipping our airport employees with handheld devices and mobile printers, our agents were able to assist thousands of customers throughout the gate area with average transaction times of less than a minute. In closing while our performance in June did not meet our expectations, we have seen meaningful improvement in our operation year-to-date due to the hard work of employees and the use of new technology. We are committed to doing what it takes to run an even more reliable airline and we are making, and we'll continue to make, the investments to ensure we do so. With that I'll turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks, Greg, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. I also want to take this opportunity to thank our employees. Today we announced record quarterly earnings in large part due to the commitment and professionalism that our employees bring to the job every day. Our second quarter pre-tax profit was $1.3 billion with a pre-tax margin of 12.7% and we increased our earnings per share by 41% year-over-year. We achieved a 12 month return on invested capital of 18.2% and generated $1.8 billion of operating cash flow, net of $620 million of pension contributions. Second quarter consolidated CASM excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, was up only 0.3% year-over-year, a result of our continued focus on efficiency and reducing cost. For the third quarter we expect consolidated CASM excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense to be approximately flat year-over-year. We now expect full year 2015 CASM, again excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, to be between flat and up 0.5% despite, again, reducing our expected full year capacity by an additional quarter point. Project Quality, our $2 billion efficiency and quality initiative continues to play a critical role in our excellent cost performance. Year-to-date we have achieved approximately $350 million in non-fuel savings and expect to realize $800 million for the full year. Based on our progress to date we now expect to achieve our goal of $1 billion in annual non-fuel cost savings by the end of next year, a full year in advance of our initial expectations. Productivity improvements continue to be a major driver of our Project Quality success. This quarter productivity improved 2.2% over last year, marking eight consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement. Turning to fuel expense, we recorded a hedge loss of approximately $200 million in the quarter. For the third quarter we are approximately 20% hedged and based on the July 16 forward curve we expect to incur approximately $230 million in hedge losses while participating in 83% of any future price declines. For the fourth quarter our hedge book is in a loss position of approximately $225 million, and allows us to participate in 77% of any decline in oil prices. Additionally, in the quarter we began building a small hedge position in 2016, marking our first entry into the market since oil prices began to decline late last summer. We will continue to be opportunistic as we consider layering on additional hedge positions. We expect to generate continued margin expansion and free cash flow in the third quarter with a pre-tax margin between 13.5% and 15.5%. We continue to take a balanced approach to deploying our cash. In the second quarter we prepaid $800 million of debt bringing our year-to-date debt payments to $920 million. Additionally we spent $620 million funding our pension plans in the quarter bringing our total pension funding for the year to $800 million and materially reducing our unfunded-pension liability. Given the progress we've made year to date, we don't anticipate significant additional funding this year. We also invested in the business with $1.26 billion in capital expenditures and repurchased $250 million of stock. Finally we spent $130 million on two strategic investments. First we invested $100 million to purchase a stake in approximately 5% of Azul Brazilian airlines, a carrier that, over the long term, will strengthen our Latin network and provide United's customers with exclusive connection opportunities throughout Brazil. Second we invested $30 million for an equity stake in Fulcrum BioEnergy, an alternative fuels company. We are excited about each of these equity investments and look forward to these new partnerships. Along with our second quarter results today we announced a new $3 billion share repurchase program to be completed by the end of 2017. In addition we intend to complete the remained $230 million of our initial $1 billion authorization in the third quarter of this year, almost two years ahead of schedule. Over the last several quarters we have taken a balanced approach to investing in our employees and the business, paying down debt, funding our pension and repurchasing stock. We have now eliminated all prepayable high-interest rate debt from our balance sheet while also significantly reducing our unfunded pension liability. While there is still more that can be done in these areas, we are excited about our new $3 billion share repurchase authorization. We also continued investing in our fleet in the second quarter adding six 737-900ERs, one 787-9, three used 737-700s and 15 additional 76-seat Embraer E175 regional aircraft to our fleet. We now have 60 E175s in our fleet and have removed almost 100 50 seaters since the beginning of last year. In the quarter we announced plans to lease up to 25 used A319s and add 10 to 28 more E175s in 2016 and 2017 bringing the total number of E175s in our fleet to as many as 153 by 2017. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our record-setting second quarter results, marking our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement. We will continue to execute on our plan to increase shareholder value as we focus on growing earnings, generating free cash flow, increasing our return on invested capital, and returning cash to shareholders through our new buyback program. I'll now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call to questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, John. First we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question, and if needed, one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. And the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And from Credit Suisse, we have Julie Yates online. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates: Good morning.
Jeff Smisek: Good morning, Julie.
Julie Yates: With the incremental capacity reductions, when do you expect United can get back on a flat to positive unit revenue growth trajectory?
Jim Compton: Hey, Julie. This is Jim. As you're aware, we don't provide guidance beyond the upcoming quarter. We've guided to third quarter rise and decline of about 5% to 7%. But let me talk about some of the factors that we already know that will positively affect the fourth quarter. First in the fourth quarter we'll begin to lap some of the drivers to our current revenue decline. In particular, the strong dollar and some of the effects of the lower oil prices that began in the fourth quarter of last year. As you just said, we have made adjustments to our capacity. And so as we're responsive to adjusting our network to match demand we expect to realize those benefits. But in the end it's a little bit too early to zero in on where the demand will be, particularly on the business side this far out. But we do, as I mentioned, we do some of the factors that will begin to lap in the fourth quarter will be positive in terms of our unit revenue.
Julie Yates: Okay. Understood. Thanks, Jim. And then last week one of your competitors noted 50% of their yield decline was just from three domestic markets. Would you agree or are you seeing more broad based weakness or would you add other cities to those called out that are particularly weak?
Jim Compton: Yeah, Jim again. You know we are seeing - our biggest yield pressures are coming in Dallas. You know some of the similar things with Love Field and so for the pressure that's happened in Dallas as well Chicago that we've talked about in the past. And then in Houston, I'll tie back to my energy comments that we're seeing the impact of that. So I think those are probably the three markets that we're seeing the biggest yield decline.
Julie Yates: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: From JPMorgan we have Jamie Baker on line. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Good morning, everybody. John as it relates to the $3 billion increased authorization, could you just provide some background as to how you arrived at that particular figure, whether you contemplated dividend at any point in your conversation? Just sort of what goalposts you might have established in terms of thinking about the magnitude of the incremental buyback?
John Rainey: Sure, Jamie. Well the magnitude is something we also think about in the timeframe that we expect to accomplish that and we look at both what our expectation about future earnings are and cash flow as well as the other sources of, I guess, draws on that cash. We have been pretty specific about what our intermediate-term debt goal is. We still have a ways to go to accomplish that. Right now we have a gross debt including capitalized leases balance of about $17 billion and the target that we've set out there is $15 billion. So there's still some work to be done there. We also need to continue to invest in our business. We recognize that there's still a lot of things that we can do that are good returns on that cash as we invest improving our operations, providing a better level of customer services and so forth, and giving our employees the tools to do their jobs. So as I talk consistently the allocation of cash flow for us is one about balance and we look  to answer your question, look at sort of what the cash flow that we're going to generate and then look at how we balance that cash flow and returning our cash to shareholders through a share buyback is part of that. With respect to dividend, again, there may be a time and place for a divined in our future, but at this point we still believe that returning cash to shareholders, the best way to do that is buying back our own stock.
Jamie Baker: Got it. And as a follow-up, it appears that Boeing Capital again has surplus. Embraer 190 down [indiscernible]. You know, from an MTOW perspective I don't believe these are scope compliant at the express level, but you could fly them at the mainline. Would we be remiss in at least contemplating whether these aircraft could wind up at United which in turn would allow you to put down even more 50 seaters?
John Rainey: We always look at every aircraft that's out there. And you could certainly point to that size aircraft and look at our fleet. And there's perhaps a need to fill that gap. But we are taking into account the economics of that aircraft, the availability of them. And there may at some time in our future be a need to place an order for aircraft of that size, but that's not something we've decided yet.
Jamie Baker: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much, John. Take care.
Operator: From Bank of America we have Andrew Didora on line. Please go ahead.
Andrew Didora: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for taking my question. I guess my first question is for Jim. Outside of the oil industry, how are your corporate volumes trending? And I ask because we've heard a smaller hotel company talk this morning about just being a little more incrementally cautious on the overall demand environment around travel. So just how has your growth been on the corporate side? Has it been decelerating or has it been pretty steady over the last few quarters?
Jim Compton: Hey, Andrew. Jim. It really does come down to two separate stories as you mentioned the oil base and all other. And as I mentioned, clearly we're experiencing pressure on the oil base where we're seeing about 30% declines in revenue in our corporate-related contracts in the energy sector. But if you look at the non-oil based companies, we're actually very pleased with our performance. I think you got a segment though, and I think many of them when we talk to them are [feeling] [ph] the pressure of the strong dollar off of. But in general the demand is still solid. The little bit of softening as GDP forecasts have come down as we've moved through the second to the third quarter, the yields have come down. But the demand's pretty solid in the non-oil area.
Andrew Didora: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I guess my second question is for John. Just in terms of the unit costs continue to come in better than expectations here. And I know you provide a little bit of commentary in your prepared remarks. But I guess going forward from here, what are some of the biggest areas of focus today on the cost side? And where should we be seeing a lot of the cost saves you mentioned be coming through? Thanks.
John Rainey: So with respect to project quality, I would want to emphasize that while we have a specific dollar amount and timeframe associated with this, this is becoming a way of doing business at United. And as we get near completion of this initiative, we will jump right into the next one. We recognize that this is an ongoing improvement process and there's further opportunity. But the main thing I would want to point you to I think in terms of magnitude of opportunity going forward is the cost benefit that we have from restructuring our network. So if you look at the second quarter for example, we increased our average gauge by 7% while reducing our departures by almost 5%. That has a tremendous cost benefit that comes with it as well, and as we've talked about as I said in my prepared remarks, continuing to take planes like the E175 and sitting down more of the 50-seaters there's a continuation of this going forward and you should expect to see that in our cost results.
Andrew Didora: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay on line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Good morning, everybody. John Rainey, a couple questions for you, I think this is the first time you've used the word opportunistic as it related to our hedging program and with all due respect your on to a pretty bad track record of being opportunistic with fuel hedging, so I guess I can interpret that two ways. You're going to try to time the market so you're going to get  you're going to hedge the same but you're going to try to do it at times where you feel there's value there or you're actually going to hedge a little bit less and just stop the systematic stuff where you're hedging every day, hedge less but maybe buy some hedges where you feel like there's a pullback in the market.
John Rainey: So I'm going to answer the question slightly differently, Hunter. We have had historically what you might describe as more of a mechanistic structure to our hedging where it's sort of been on autopilot, but in periods of extreme volatility like what we've seen in the back half of last year as well as the first part of this year, that's not necessarily the most prudent way to hedge. And given all the bearish signals in the market for the first part of this year we've been reluctant to take out any position in 2015. However when we look out to 2016 and beyond and we look at both the revenue environment, capacity environment and our cost structure, having the ability to lock-in or said differently, reduce the volatility of one of our single largest cost inputs enables us to accomplish so many other things that are really important and create value in the business. And as we look at hedging, despite maybe taking a more opportunistic approach, it's really more of risk management and reducing the volatility with our costs and that enables us to play on things much like what we did today with the $3 billion share repurchase program. So those go hand in hand. If we see a more stable environment with less volatility going forward, we might be able to get back to a hedge program more like what you've seen in the past, but we are looking at particular price that are more attractive. If that's characterized as opportunistic, then so be it at this point.
Hunter Keay: Okay. And then was there a cost benefit, revenues for united are probably going to decline [indiscernible]. Is there a cost benefit to that that maybe goes away next year if revenue stabilizes that should make the CASM performance this year a little bit harder to maintain around the increment assuming roughly some more magnitude to capacity growth?
John Rainey: Is there a cost benefit to, I'm sorry, I didn't follow your question exactly.
Hunter Keay: Sure. Is there a cost benefit to a decline in revenue?
John Rainey: There are revenue-related costs whether it's credit card discount fees, commissions and so forth. But we generally view those as good costs in a business. We much rather focus on the top line growth.
Hunter Keay: Right.
John Rainey: Over the years the magnitude of those has diminished quite a bit. It's much different than it was 15 years ago in this business where they made up a much larger portion of our cost structure.
Hunter Keay: Okay. So the nature of the question was basically is there anything in the CASM this year that should be a little bit harder to maintain next year if revenues don't go down just as much?
John Rainey: Sure. We added, as I mentioned, around distribution perhaps.
Hunter Keay: Yep. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Stifel we have Joseph DeNardi online. Please go ahead.
Joseph DeNardi: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. On the Trans-Atlantic capacity you guys were talking about coming down a little bit in the fourth quarter, is that thing done collectively with your JV partner so that maybe total industry capacity reductions are more than even what you guys are pulling out?
Jim Compton: Hey, Joseph. This is Jim. As we work through our capacity, we're always in dialogue with our joint venture partners so that we can as a group manage through that process in the best way. Our capacity reductions are, as I mentioned, focused on where we think demand is relative to our network. We clearly make that, have those conversations with our partners and share that information as the group works together to manage across the Trans-Atlantic. So the answer is yes. We're tweaking some things. The great thing about our network and our fleet is its flexibility. And so what you're seeing in the Trans-Atlantic is that fleet flexibility going up, allowing us to gauge appropriately to the demand we expect in the fourth quarter.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. And then John or Jim, have you guys looked at all at implementing any sort of a credit card surcharge? And what would be some of the considerations there?
John Rainey: I wouldn't comment on that at all.
Joseph DeNardi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Mike Linenberg online. Please go ahead.
Mike Linenberg: Yeah, hey. Good morning, everyone. Two questions here. John, you did a nice rundown on the fleet. But I didn't hear any mention of the 777 300 ERs. When do you take delivery of them? And then I did hear that you are going to early retire some 7-4s? Can you just touch on that?
John Rainey: We take delivery of the first planes at the end of 2016. And with respect to the 7-4s, there are a couple in our fleet that we will take out, but we'll make a decision about whether the 777s or for that matter that A350s replace the 7-4s a little bit later. We are going to hit a period at the late 2019 time period where a lot of those 7-4s that we have in our fleet come due for a more expensive maintenance visit and that might be a good opportunity to sit them down at that point in time.
Mike Linenberg: Are there any that are going to come out in 2016 2017 or it's a more 2019 decision?
John Rainey: There might be a couple that come out in the earlier years, yes.
Mike Linenberg: Okay, good, and then this question may be it's John or Jim. On the p.s. service you started up in October so that's sort of one action. The second action as it just relates to the slots, I guess the slot swap between you and Delta, what sort of  do you need any sort of regulatory approval for that or you can just proceed with that and it's a done deal?
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff. On the slots at Newark we are in discussions with the  they have trust authorities that relate to that, they have the opportunity to view that and we are in discussions with them but we are highly confident that we will consummate that transaction.
Mike Linenberg: Great. Thanks a lot, Jeff.
Operator: From Cowen we have Helane Becker on line. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi guys, thanks for the time. Just a question on your second quarter salaries and benefits, head count was up just under a half a point and capacity was up 2.3%, but that line item was up over 12% and it was up more than it was up than it was for the year-to-date so was there something special in the second quarter we should know about and then how should we think about that going into the rest of the year?
John Rainey: There's two things I'd point out there, Helane. One is profit sharing and because of our higher pre-tax margin in the second quarter we trigger a higher profit sharing ratio and so that's probably higher than what we have modeled. The other thing, we continue to see pressure both with respect to pensions as well as medical and dental. We saw a lot of pressure last year and we're seeing a lot of cost increase in those areas this year as well.
Helane Becker: Is that because you have an older workforce?
John Rainey: There's a lot of reasons that go into that and certainly the tenure of your workforce is one of them.
Helane Becker: Okay, and then can you just update us on your unfunded liability? Thanks.
John Rainey: If we were to look at our contributions to date, without making adjustments for any actuarial assumptions or anything like that, which need to be done, we're actually at about $1 billion of an unfunded liability. That's obviously subject to change when we measure that at year-end but it puts us in a very good position over the next several years as we think about that like any other debt obligation. We've said before, we want to get to a point where if we were to get in an interest rate environment where rates are higher than they are today, we can get close to fully funded, and we are effectively in that position right now.
Helane Becker: That's great. Thanks so much for your time. I appreciate it.
John Rainey: You're welcome.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie online. Please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks.
John Rainey: Hey, Dan.
Dan McKenzie: John, regarding the 18% return on invested capital over the past 12 months, how does that break down domestically versus internationally? And I'm guessing international worse, domestic better, but what is that gap? And then as you think, say, the international, is the fix on the international side just as simple as the U.S. dollar stabilizing against other currencies? Or are you thinking that beyond this year perhaps bigger steps might be required?
John Rainey: Well, let me first take the return on invested capital piece. As you can appreciate, we have fungible assets and it's pretty difficult to take a 777 that may fly domestically and also fly internationally and allocate that capital base between the two. So we don't look at return on invested capital on an international versus domestic basis. If you were to look at just NOPAP [ph], the numerator, certainly you've seen a better balance today that what we've seen historically where a lot of the profitability from airlines came  at least from the airlines that I've been associated with  came from the international portion. The domestic environment is a very good one right now and happens to be a very profitable one as well.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. Very good. And then I guess just following up with a second question here. Holding steel prices constant, how are you thinking about the medium-term margin goals? And how far along are we on the trajectory versus the November 2013 Investor Day.
John Rainey: I would say, Dan, we're probably a little bit more than halfway through it, if you could all of the various initiatives that we outlined. Certainly we've had a little quicker pace with respect to our cost achievements but we recognize that we still have a lot of work to do here and we're pleased with the progress. A lot is made of core earnings improvement versus last year and it's certainly very difficult to strip out oil without acknowledging that there's some effect on revenue as well. So we tend to focus on the things that we can measure. The fact that we've improved productivity for eight quarters, the fact that we've cancelled 24,000 fewer flights for the first part of this year. We had one of the highest completion factors of the major carriers coming out of Newark, the fact that our cost performance continues to improve quarter-after-quarter. And all those are good indications of the progress that we were making, and we feel like we've got a good plan that we're executing on. We'll continue to demonstrate that performance.
Dan McKenzie: Fantastic. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Duane Pfennigwerth online. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks for taking the questions. Just going back to Mike's question about moving your Transcon flights from JFK to Newark, can you talk about the profit improvement that you expect from that move?
Jim Compton: Hey, Duane, this is Jim. We would obviously, not that we won't talk about this profit, I will tell you, we're really excited. I mean if you think about the PS product United had for long history in that product of serving our customers with that premium service and the ability to introduce it to really the premier hub in New York, at Newark Liberty and offer from L.A. and San Francisco every flight flatbed seat, we're very excited about it and what the results will be on that. In addition to, if you're leaving from L.A. or you're leaving from San Francisco and you're going over the Europe, you'll have that flatbed experience across your whole journey and so forth. So I won't disclose profit but I will tell you, we're very excited about the move. We think this is really incremental to our net worth. As I mentioned, we think it's terrific for the long term for our product, our customers, our employees and obviously, our shareholders.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. And then can you comment a little bit about what you're seeing in China right now. Obviously, that's been a competitive market for you, and you focus more on less competitive long-haul service there. But can you comment on any specific demand trend changes that you're seeing to that market?
Jim Compton: This is Jim again. We obviously continue to see the significant capacity in this region. But again, as I mentioned, our history there, our position there, we're very happy with and happy with the performance. China runs at a very high level and so forth. China is such an important market to us, given our footprint there. We also take the long view of it. We're really confident where we see demand today even in today's environment. And although that capacity growth is strong, that demand will come in line over the next several years and so forth. Working with our network guys, if you look at areas that capacity is growing and that RASM pressure is on it, the demand side in China today actually puts less pressure to razz them than the other markets that are growing. So it's really that demand catching up to the capacity levels there. And we think over the next five years, and again, given as you mentioned, our ability to fly to secondary cities and so forth with our fleet in the 787, we're really well positioned to do well there.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. So if I could just summarize what you said, the competitive capacity is still an issue. But in terms of end market demand, you haven't really seen an incremental change to the downside?
Jim Compton: Yes. Yeah. The demand is still growing. Clearly obviously not at the 20% capacity we've seen. But again, the long-term view on demand for capacity has continued to grow at a pretty good rate.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. And then just lastly, John, on pensions. Can you just help us think about the implication of your improved funding status? What do you expect cash funding to be going forward? Next year? And how much could this be a cost tailwind into 2016? Thanks for taking the questions.
John Rainey: I would describe it less as a cost tailwind and more of a cash flow tailwind. So year-to-date we've funded $800 million. Going forward, this would probably be a rounding error in your model. You could see us fund somewhere between $50 million to $150 million a year. But there's not a need to have a big catch-up contribution like what we have this year. Again, everything else being equal, given what we know today.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Operator: From Barclays, we have David Fintzen online. Please go ahead.
David Fintzen: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on some of the Atlantic comments. Is there any reasons within Atlantic in Europe specifically that are requiring more capacity adjustments? Or is it a broader reduction across the network?
Jim Compton: Hey, David. This is Jim. I think the Trans-Atlantic as it relates obviously to foreign exchange makes it a broad breadth impact in terms of demand and so forth. That being said, we are seeing good premium traffic into the U.K. and so forth. But if you think about it, remember that foreign exchange has really affected our offshore point of sale. And in the third quarter period of time, it's seasonally the point of sale out of Europe is one of the better periods of time during the year. At the same time, that stronger dollar, our expectations to drive higher U.S. point of sale because of the stronger dollar, although we've seen an uptick, it's not at the level of expectations that we originally thought. So it's really more broad-based and so forth. And in addition to the capacity reductions that we made over the course of the year out of Scandinavia and so forth, Norway, Sweden and we've adjusted some of our capacity down there. So if there was a reason we probably seen it more there, but generally it's across the board in Europe.
David Fintzen: Okay. And presumably it's harder to shift point-of-sale in off-peak 4Q than it would be through the summer?
Jim Compton: Yeah. You know, again, I'm a big believer  we chase demand, right? And off-peak periods demand softer and so you could reach that conclusion and so forth. But the U.S. point-of-sale growth from the stronger dollar still hasn't reach the level based on what we anticipated earlier in the year.
David Fintzen: Okay. That's helpful. And this is a little bigger picture question. In terms of all the refleeting efforts, which is obviously important cost initiatives, does that add or subtract from flexibility to adjust capacity? And does that give you more levers to pull in the timing of those pieces?
John Rainey: Well I would say one of our main focuses that we've had for a number of years right now is to preserve fleet flexibility to be able to respond to any type of economic environment. And if you look at the composition of our fleet today of roughly 700, 710 mainline planes, 22% of that fleet is free and clear of debt unencumbered. We could sit down in any type of economic environment and we want to continue to preserve that going forward. In fact, as you see us finance less of new aircraft and in some cases buy aircraft entirely for cash, that preserves that flexibility, because what we don't want is to be in an environment where we want to adjust capacity but we're still have to cover the cash cost of those planes.
Jim Compton: And David, I would just add  this is Jim. I think actually one of the flexibilities that it does add for us is in the area of range. And so we're able to kind of look at different markets based on the range we're getting through the refleeting we're happening. And on the other side also is the fact that it drives new revenue opportunities within [indiscernible].
David Fintzen: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate all that.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have Rashiv Lalani [ph] on the line. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to the comments you made about the domestic environment and some of the competitive behavior. Do you feel like the aggressiveness, I guess, is leveling out or do you see the potential for that to maybe increase and spread beyond the couple of cities that you touched on?
Jim Compton: Yeah, as I mentioned I talked to a couple of the cities, Dallas, Huston, Chicago where we're seeing most the pressure. We're looking at a 1% to 3% decline in consolidated domestic in the third quarter, as I guided to. In the second quarter that was down 3.6% and so I think the team's doing a terrific job of managing what is a softer demand environment that quite frankly creates lower price points and we're meeting that demand. And so I'm thinking the domestic relative basis is more stable and that actually our guidance relative to the second quarter shows that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just another question, John, maybe coming back to some of the comments you made on the cost side. You talked about a lot of the opportunities that are ahead of you, but how does labor come into play just given what we've seen on pilot agreements and what you've got open in front of you on flight attendance, et cetera.
John Rainey: We have in our cost guidance this year, we've provided for 2015, there is an assumption about getting agreements with the last two remaining groups out of the 30 collectively bargain agreements completed, and I think importantly for us, but that goes both ways. So there's also a cost benefit to the company of getting those collective bargaining agreements, but more importantly, we want to get everybody under a joint contract and moving forward. There's a big sort of cultural morale piece to that as well that we're very focused on. So hopefully, we'll complete those agreements in the near future.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just longer term as we think about the pilot side maybe?
John Rainey: Well, we've said consistently that we need to run this business where we can keep our unit cost growth at something less than inflation, and that includes all of the cost inputs including labor. We certainly want to pay our employees competitive wages that are market-based and that goes into that assumption, but to the extent that we've got inflation pressure in certain areas, like that perhaps, we're going to offset it in other ways by becoming more efficient and more productive.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
John Rainey: Yep.
Operator: And our last question from Goldman Sachs, we have Tom Kim. Please go ahead.
Tom Kim: Hi. Jim, I wanted to follow up on your China strategy. Can you talk about like what opportunities you may have to form strategic partnerships with the Asians as you've done in Europe and now recently in Latin America?
Jim Compton: In terms of our alliances and so forth, as we think about China, clearly envisioning we have a terrific partner in Air China, and to the level that we're allowed to in terms of how we can expand our net worth by connecting and creating more connections for our customers and expanding our footprint there. And we'll continue to do that and look for opportunities with our Star partners to do that and at the same time, obviously, complement that with what we think is a terrific strategy given our fleet, the 787, the ability to fly secondary cities such as Chengdu from San Francisco and so forth, as well as build on our core markets in both Beijing and Shanghai. So the answer is like Latin America, as John mentioned, expanding our network with Azul, we'll continually look for opportunities that are growth markets, and clearly China is, and ways to expand our presence and our footprint in the market.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff, Tom. The one thing I would add to what Jim said is, as you know, China is not open skies. But there will come a day when China is open skies and when that day comes, we would be keenly interested in exploring a joint venture similar to the type of joint venture that we enjoy with A&A today across the Pacific and that we enjoy with Lufthansa and other of our partners, Air Canada and others, across the Atlantic.
Tom Kim: Good stuff. We obviously understand that the Chinese are building up their network from the trans-Pac and I'm wondering which inning do you think they're at. Basically, we're trying to size up when we should anticipate trans-Pac capacity slowing?
Jim Compton: Yeah. That's a great question. I think to begin, the industry as demand grows, capacity is going to grow. I think expectations for demand growth in China, clearly we believe are strong and long term and so forth. It would be difficult for me to put a level of that but I think where demand grows, you're going to see capacity grow. I think as I mentioned earlier, we're really well positioned.
Tom Kim: Okay. If I can just squeeze in one more. Just to follow-on an earlier question about fuel. And this is really for John or Jim. I'm curious about your risk management strategy, particularly around fuel. Quite candidly, if it were not for lower fuel prices, the airline industry profits would be done and obviously for your company as well, not up. And this is in spite of all of your successes in containing non-fuel CASM growth. And obviously pricing is going to be whatever the market is willing to pay but I'm wondering how are you thinking about earnings risk if the consensus viewer of a lower for longer fuel environment doesn't happen? If we go back to last year, I don't think any of us thought fuel was going to drop suddenly the way that it did in the second half. We all know fuel is really volatile and it could obviously go the other way. I'm just wondering given the consensus view is that fuel is lower for longer, how are you thinking about the biggest risk to your earnings expectations? And related to that, how quickly can you respond should fuel suddenly sort of spike unexpectedly?
John Rainey: First of all, I disagree with the way you characterize that slightly because to say that  to just look at the impact of fuel and not understand that fuel also impacts the revenue environment I think only looks at one side of the equation there. A lot of the headwinds that Jim talked about earlier are certainly very related to fuel. Even if we take the foreign exchange headwind that we've seen, that's due to a stronger dollar. A stronger dollar has in part influenced the price of fuel. So we're seeing a lot of pressure year over year. As we move long term though and we look at an environment that potentially could have lower fuel inputs than what we've seen, we're going to update United Airlines. We're going to focus on what we can control and that's balancing the right amount of capacity for the demand in our markets.
Tom Kim: Fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Reuters we have [Indiscernible] on line. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much for taking the question. What steps has United taken in recent weeks, if any, to ensure that diverse technological issues do not cause more system-wide ground stops which is adding redundancy?
Jeff Smisek: Sure, Jeffrey. This is Jeff. I'm glad we enjoy the same first name. First of all we had an item that was disruptive that lasted about two hours that was a network connectivity issue. We recognize the inconvenience to our customers and the inconvenience to our employees. Our employees responded very well. Our IT people responded very well, got the system back up. In fact a lot of the tools that Greg talked about that we've invested in also the many of which are technology tools, decision-making tools actually permitted us to have a really good operations start-up the next day despite that disruption. I will tell you that the technology is our single largest area of non-aircraft CapEx. A lot of that goes to the operation itself, providing better tools and better decision-making tools as well. We're investing in hardware. We're investing in software. We're investing in the people and the processes to recover from irregular operations, because those are always going to occur because of weather or, for example, some kind of a maintenance issue with an airplane. We're focused very heavily on investing in the reliability of our systems and I can assure our customers that that investment will continue and that we're very focused on not only improving the stability, but actually offering additional technology to our customers to permit them to have better information, better choices better control of their travel, and for our employees that will permit them to do their jobs better. For example we're issuing 2,200 iPhone 6 Pluses to our flight attendants and over time as we add to those iPhones, our flight attendants will have vastly better information than they've had before and better interaction with their customers and can be better opportunity to serve our customers. So we're keenly focused. No one likes to have a technology outage. It can happen at any company. It happened to happen to us on a day that, of course, there was a lot of media excitement around the New York Stock Exchange. But I can tell you we are keenly focused on improving our technology, improving the stability of our technology, and more importantly, as you obviously have to have stability. Stability, to me, is like safety in an airline. You have to have this job, one, but improving the quality of our technology for our customers and the quality of our technology for our employees. And both those things are really important. And we are keenly focused on it, and we are spending a significant amount of both time and money and bandwidth to get that accomplished.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, thank you so much. And just to clarify, because it's unclear where a technological issue can occur, is it difficult to really target those investments? Do the investments need to be general?
Jeff Smisek: Well, no. Not necessarily. We know areas, for example, where we can beef up systems or beef up backups. And so we know where to look. We also obviously do invest in significant amount, a significant amount of time and attention to the network itself and all the connectivity of the network, and of course, as all companies do today. We have very sophisticated investments in cyber security as well. So I think we know exactly where we're going and what we need to invest in.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. And I'm so sorry. Just last follow-up then. So since you have pinpointed those areas, have you started those particular investments? Or do you have at least plans already to start those investments?
Greg Hart: Oh, you bet. We've already started. We have regular investments. We have a system-wide program we call Refresh in terms of improving all of the backbone of the system, the connectivity of the system. And again, continuing to improve Wi-Fi bandwidth and coverage because so much of our future and so much of our obviously the customer usage, but our own usage particularly at airports and onboard airplanes is Wi-Fi related. And we have very significant not only investments but processes going on today to continue to upgrade and improve our technology.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Greg Hart: You bet.
Irene Foxhall: Okay. With that, we're out of time. So we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nene Foxhall - EVP, Communications and Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland - IR Jeff Smisek - CEO Jim Compton - Chief Revenue Officer Greg Hart - COO John Rainey - CFO
Analysts: Joe DeNardi - Stifel Jamie Baker - JP Morgan Julie Yates - Credit Suisse Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Helane Becker - Cowen and Company William Greene - Morgan Stanley David Fintzen - Barclays Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Jeffrey Dastin - Thomson Reuters Ted Reed - The Street Edward Russell - Flightglobal
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2015. My name is Brandon, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will discuss revenue and capacity. Greg will follow with an update on our operations. John will follow that with a review of our costs, fleet and capital structures, after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We'd appreciate if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks Nene and Jonathan and thank you for joining on our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Today we reported pre-tax earnings of $585 million, the highest first quarter profit in United's history and over $1 billion improvement compared to the first quarter of last year. We earned $1.52 per diluted share, achieved at pre-tax margin of 6.8% and expanded our return on invested capital to 17.1% over the last 12 months. In the quarter we generated more than $1 billion of free cash flow and repurchased $200 million of our common stock. Our cost discipline continued in the first quarter with non-fuel unit cost down 1.5% year-over-year bringing our average non-fuel unit cost over the prior four quarters to approximately flat with only 0.4% capacity growth. It is also the seventh straight quarter in which we improved productivity. We continue to deliver on our goals under Project Quality our $2 billion efficiency initiative and were making substantial progress on improving our balance sheet. Additionally, in the first quarter our operational performance improved nicely with year-over-year improvements in our on time arrival and completion performance. This quarter all four of our Northern tier hubs experienced more snow days and more de-icing events than the first quarter of last year which you'll remember was a very tough winter. Yet we cancelled 17,000 fewer flights inconveniencing 1.3 million fewer customers. Importantly, we've delivered our operational improvements while also increasing the efficiency and productivity.  We made improvements across every part of our business in the first quarter and we could not have done this without the dedication and professionalism of our employees. I want to thank them for their great work and their pride in United. I'm pleased that each quarter we've been building on previous accomplishments. We expect that the second quarter will be another record quarter for United with pre-tax margins between 12% and 14% driven by strong cost performance and lower oil prices. At United we manage our business to maximize shareholder value. While unit revenue is an important metric we ultimately make business decisions to maximize margin and return on invested capital. In this morning's investor update, we provided second quarter unit revenue guidance of down 4% to 6%. Jim Compton will explain the component of our second quarter present guide in more detail in just a minute. But I want to mention that some of the decline is directly related to earnings, accretive action that by their nature are at present dilutive. The remaining anticipated unit revenue decline is due to external factors that were working to mitigate where we can. United has been the industry leader in capacity discipline and as we've shown in the past we'll take the appropriate actions to ensure we are matching capacity with demand. Accordingly, today we reduced our full year capacity guidance by half a point and now expect to grow 1% to 2% in 2015. The first quarter was a good quarter for United in which we improved our operations, expanded earnings, generated significant free cash flow, paid down debt and returned cash to shareholders. We will continue to work aggressively to bolster our revenue and increase our efficiency while maintaining our focus on expanding our margins and return on invested capital. Over the last several quarters we have demonstrated that our plan is working and we remain excited about the opportunities ahead. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff. Id like to take this opportunity to thank our customers for flying United. Every day we are working to improve our reliability, our product and our offering of destinations and schedule you desire. In the first quarter, our unit revenue was up 0.4%, higher than the midpoint of our initial guidance. Our domestic unit revenue was up 1.6% and our international unit revenue was down 0.5%. Our domestic unit revenue performance was largely driven by lower capacity in the quarter that would than anticipated results from our revenue initiatives and the timing of Easter. A contributor to our strong domestic performance was the re-banking of our schedules in Denver and Houston. We have seen both yields and volume of connecting traffic increase year-over-year in these hubs. We rebased Chicago in March and are pleased with the initial results. Our domestic results were also positively impacted by the timing of Easter this year, as Easter travel began in the first quarter. This provided a tailwind of 0.5 points to the consolidated network. This Easter travel share will reduce PRASM by a similar magnitude in the second quarter. Transatlantic unit revenue increased 6.9% in the quarter, mostly driven by our seasonal shaping initiative which reduced this flying during the lower demand in winter period while increasing flying during the higher demand summer period. This initiative helps to offset the pressure from a strengthening dollar, which generated a headwind of 1.4 points of PRASM in the Atlantic entities. Pacific unit revenue was down 7.4% primarily due to four factors; first, the weakening currencies in the Pacific contributed approximately 2 points of unit revenue decline; second, we grew our Pacific stage length as we revamped Australia flying and transitioned our unprofitable shorter haul intra-Asia flying to our joint venture partner ANA. This change in our Pacific flying although earnings accretive drove approximately 2.5 points of unit revenue headwind; third, declining fuel service charges particularly in Japan drove more than 2 points of Pacific PRASM pressure in the quarter. Finally, some [credited] capacity additions in China continued in the first quarter and accounted for 1.5 points of unit revenue degradation. Turning to corporate revenue, in the first quarter, our corporate portfolio decreased by approximately 1% year-over-year, as our oil related corporate customers began to reduce their flying. On a year-over-year basis, the revenue from our corporate energy accounts declined approximately 20%. Excluding energy, the remaining corporate revenue portfolio increased 1% year-over-year with strength coming primarily from the healthcare sector. Ancillary revenue continued to grow in the first quarter, averaging more than $23 per passenger an 8.6% increase year-over-year. Economy plus pricing optimization continues to be a leading contributor to our ancillary revenue performance. Quite simply, our customers value and are willing to pay for the extra space and comfort of our economy plus seats. In the first quarter, our economy plus revenue for available economy plus seat was up 16% compared to the first quarter of last year. In the second quarter we expect our unit revenue to decline 4% to 6% with capacity up 2.25% to 3.25%. Based on our current projections, we believe that the second quarter will produce a lowest unit revenue performance of the year. For the second quarter, we anticipate domestic PRASM will be down approximately 3% and international down approximately 7%. There are three primary contributors to the unit revenue weakness that together will pressure our second quarter PRASM performance by 5.5 points; first, the earnings accretive improvements we have made to the Uniteds network [indiscernible] that are PRASM dilutive contribute 1 point of PRASM pressure; second, there are external factors driving 3.5 points of pressure which consist primarily of the strong U.S. dollar, lower oil prices and 0.5 point headwind from the timing of Easter; third, competitive capacity and pricing pressures are generating approximately 1 point of unit revenue decline. I will walk you through each of these in greater detail and describe the actions we are taking. First we've made a number of network and fleet improvements including several that reduce cost and expand margins but aren't a drag on unit revenue. These improvements include the installation of slimline seats, the extension of our stage lengths and the consolidation of [slimline] seats, which in total we expect to drive 1 point of year revenue decline. As an example we've installed slimline seats on 386 aircrafts to date and expect to have 485 completed by year end. These slimline seats improve fuel efficiency, generate very low marginal non-fuel chasm and are highly accretive to earnings. However the additional seats create a headwind to PRASM, as they generate lower than average yields. We remain committed to these network and fleet modifications despite the unit revenue pressure they provide, as they generate significant cost benefits, are accretive to our margins and will improve our operational reliability.  Second, external factors are also contributing to our expected second quarter revenue performance; we expect that the strong U.S. dollar will contribute one in a quarter point of consolidated unit revenue decline. We anticipate that as we move into the summer U.S. point of sale will increase and offset some of this projected weakness. This will be more pronounced on the Atlantic entity as we expect American consumers will take advantage of the strong dollar and take European vacations. Where we don't anticipate a point of sale shift we will benefit from capacity adjustments we are making through our network. In the second quarter we will benefit from an 11% reduction in Japan capacity and a 13% reduction in our Canadian capacity to offset the weakening currencies in those countries. We will continue to monitor ongoing capacity reductions into the winter months to address continued foreign exchange pressure. Our current expectation is to reduce Japan capacity in the fourth quarter by 7% year-over-year. Declining oil prices are also affecting unit revenue. As I mentioned earlier many international surcharges throughout the world but primarily in the Pacific have decreased as result of lower oil prices. In the second quarter we expect the average surcharge to decline compared to the first quarter and contribute approximately 1 point of year-over-year PRASM pressure to the consolidated network. Where demand permits we have increased base fares to offset a portion of this headwind. Additionally, the Japan capacity reduction I mentioned earlier will help offset the surcharge reduction. We dont anticipate these actions can completely close the gap but they should mitigate some of the effect. Lower oil prices are also causing energy related corporate customers to scale back their travel budgets. We expect this to reduce consolidated unit revenue by approximately three-quarters of a point in the second quarter. We are working closely with our corporate customers to address their travel needs and we have begun taking appropriate capacity reductions in several energy centric markets to address their declining performance. Coming into the summer we plan to reduce capacity in these markets by 6 percentage points compared to our original expectation. We will continue to closely evaluate the performance in these markets and are prepared to make additional changes if necessary.  The third contribute to our unit revenue decline is the competitive capacity and pricing pressure we are confronting. With respect to competitive capacity in the second quarter our routes will face 6% competitive seat growth, this growth will come largely in China, the transatlantic market and Hawaii. We anticipate this will provide a 1 point headwind to PRASM. We expect that this competitive pressure combined with the external factors and margin accretive actions we are taking will put a toll of 5.5 points of pressure by consolidated unit revenue in the second quarter. With respect to capacity, today we lowered our full year guidance by half a point to 1% to 2% year-over-year. With this level of capacity we can accomplish our goals of durable, margin accretive growth while also addressing the pressure points that we just discussed. In conclusion we are pleased with the progress we have made to expand our revenue premium over the last few quarters. The current environment has brought new challenges and we will continue to manage our network as we have for several years with discipline. With that I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hart: Thanks Jim. I'd like to take a moment to thank all of our employees for their great work in the first quarter. It was a challenging quarter and a tough winter but our operation performance improved as a result of their professionalism and their dedication. As Jeff mentioned in the first quarter we faced record cold and had more snow days and more de-icing events than the first quarter of last year, the year of the polar vortex. Despite these challenging conditions our operational performance improved year-over-year. One area of keen focus for United has been our express operation. In the first quarter our express completion factor improved by almost 5 points compared to last year. Our mainline operation also had a strong quarter with on-time performance increasing by 1.5 points year-over-year and in February we had the fewest cancellations of any major carries despite having four northern hubs. Much of this improvement is due to process changes and the investments we made to improve how we manage through and recover from the regular operations. For example, in late January we experienced a significant snow event at our north hub using our new [crew solver] software we were able to quickly and efficiently redeploy our flight crews after the storm resulted in a quicker recovery for customers and employees. On the following day our on-time departure performance was at least 6 percentage points better than we would have achieved last year. Additionally, we had a best express recovery day in the Uniteds history. Proactive planning and the great work of our employees combined with new software and other technology solutions all helped us to improve our operations in the first quarter. While I am pleased with our progress, we continue to take actions to improve our reliability. And now I will turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks Greg. And thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. Id also like to take this opportunity to thank our employees. The progress we made this quarter demonstrates their commitment to improve the United. With their continued support I know we can carry this momentum into the future. Today, we reported our highest ever first quarter pretax profit of $585 million and grew our earnings per share by $2.85. We increased our trailing 12 month return on invested capital to 17.1% and generated over $1 billion in free cash flow. Both our earnings and free cash flow represent $1 billion improvement over the first quarter of last year. I am pleased with the progress weve made but even more excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us. First quarter consolidated chasm excluding fuel, profit sharing and third party business expense decreased 1.5% year-over-year once again demonstrating the great progress we were making in reducing cost, becoming more efficient and improving the operation. We continue to make solid progress in executing our project quality efficiency initiatives including continued productivity improvements. In the first quarter productivity improved 2% year-over-year marking our seventh consecutive quarter of improved productivity. We also benefited from strengthening dollar which drove approximately 0.5 points of unit cost improvement. Looking to the second quarter, we expect consolidated chasm again excluding fuel, profit sharing and third party business expense to be up a 0.25% to 1.25% year-over-year. Our full year guidance remains unchanged as we continue to expect non-fuel chasm to be between flat and up 1% versus 2014 despite reducing our full year capacity guidance by 0.5 percentage point. Project Quality continues to be key to achieving our cost goals. In 2015 we expect to achieve $800 million in non-fuel savings from these initiatives and we expect productivity to improve by approximately 3% for the full year. Turning to fuel expense, we recorded approximately $200 million hedge loss in the quarter which includes approximately $10 million from second quarter positions closed out during the first quarter. We are now 11% hedged for the second quarter and based on the April 16th fuel curve expect to incur at approximately $109 million in hedge losses while participating in 93% of any future price declines. For the second half of 2015, our current hedge book is in a loss position of approximately $340 million and allows us to participate in 79% of any decline in oil prices. Based on our guidance, we expect our pretax margin to be between 12% and 14% in the second quarter and expect to generate significant free cash flow again. We plan to utilize this cash in a balanced fashion; to buy back stock, pay down debt, accelerate funding of our pension and make appropriate investments in our business. In the first quarter we returned $200 million to shareholders through our repurchase program and we have now completed $520 million of our $1 billion program. Our current expectation is that we will complete the share buyback program in 2015. We continue to make good progress in de-levering our balance sheet. In the first quarter we made $320 million of debt and capital lease payments including prepayment of approximately $120 million and also announced our intention to prepay $600 million of 6% notes in the second quarter. By May 1st we will have prepaid approximately $750 million of debt year-to-date generating $40 million in annual interest expense savings. In addition, in the first quarter, we contributed $180 million to our pension plans and now expect to fund approximately $700 million in 2015 well in excess of minimum funding requirements. Our capital expenditures for the first quarter were $794 million and we continue to expect full year capital expenditures to be between $3 billion and $3.2 billion. In the quarter we took delivery of 12 mainline aircraft consisting of nine Boeing 737 900 ERs and three Boeing 787-9s. We also introduced 12 more new 76 seat E175s in service. In addition, this morning we announced several refinements to our fleet plan which will further our efforts to achieve our long term capacity goals of being disciplined with our capital investment. We have discussed for some time our need to reduce our dependence on 50 seat RJs and to do it in a capital disciplined manner. We are in final negotiations to lease between 10 and 20 used narrow bodied aircrafts which we will take delivery of over the next years. These aircrafts require only modest reconfigurations in order to be common with our current fleet. Additionally, we are extending the useful life of 11 more of our 767-300 ER aircrafts which are in addition to the 10 we previously announced. By adding an all new interior which will include new Y-class seats, state of the art entertainment system with WiFi, winglets and modifications to improve aircraft reliability, we expect these aircrafts to continue to be productive for years to come. Importantly, these fleet changes allow us to reduce our reliance on 50 seat RJs from approximately 8% of our ASMs at the beginning of last year to about 4% by the end of next year, and finally we signed an agreement with Boeing to substitute 10 787s for 10 777-300ERs without any material change to our capital spending. The increased gauge of the 777-300ER will allow us to better serve certain high demand markets and will integrate seamlessly with our existing 777 fleet. These decisions are significant steps in achieving our long term capacity plans including the elimination of a significant portion of our 50 seat fleet. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our performance in the first quarter, we've demonstrated great progress for four consecutive quarters and are executing against our plan to continue to increase shareholder value. We will take the appropriate actions required to expand earnings, grow margins, generate free cash flow, return cash to shareholders and increase our return on invested capital. I will now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you John, first we'll take questions from the analysts' community, then we'll take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Q - Joe DeNardi : On the fleet changes you guys announced the transitioning of some of the wide bodies under the domestic entity, can you just, I understand you're looking to pull down some international capacity but can you just walk through how that impacts kind of the domestic capacity trends over the next few years?
John Rainey: Hey Joe this is John. I sense that the main question out there is there fuels domestic capacity growth or not, and the answer is no, it doesn't. What this is going to allow us to do, it's going to permit us to reduce frequencies and increase gauge which is part of our network optimization plan. So this is a seat neutral initiative that we're doing here. Let me give you an example of where we fly high frequencies in our hub to hub and markets, take the example of San Francisco to O'Hare. Within 90 minutes on the late flights of the night, Red Eyes, we fly three narrow body aircraft. This is going to allow us to consolidate frequency to use that 777 in that market.
Jeff Smisek: And I'll tie it to John's comment where he on numerous times mentioned removing our reliance on 50 seat regional jets, these narrow bodies then we'll be able to free up and do exactly that, is move, as our 50 seat reliance as we move away from that. It generates the narrow bodies to cover that, so there's a cascading effect to it, so in general, it really promotes more cost efficient flying while serving the demand that's out there.
John Rainey: Joe, I would just add, this is John, and this is bigger picture all part of our plan to utilize the assets that we have more efficiently and to improve our return on invested capital so that we can deploy capital in a manner that best creates shareholder value.
Joe DeNardi : Okay, that's helpful, and then John, I feel like there have been a number of changes since you guys talked about Project Quality, that are impacting the cost structure a bit with the fleet changes here. Can you just talk about how some of those initiatives are going and what impact that these fleet changes are having on Project Quality and whether the better than expected performance continues into next year?
John Rainey: Sure, and you're probably alluding to the fact that half of our Project Quality savings are in fuel savings. And we have a goal of becoming about $1 billion more efficient in fuel by 2017 and certainly today's fuel prices impacted that and on the margin some of these decisions whether it's taking delivery of used narrow body aircraft, that are maybe less efficient or extending the life of some of the older planes that we have, they will have some impact but the progress that weve seen to date in the fuel efficiency line with Project Quality we're very pleased with. We expect to achieve about $500 million this year out of our Project Quality fuel savings initiative and so that's all based on really the tracks from our overall goal.
Operator: From JP Morgan we have Jamie Baker online. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker: Thoughts on LaGuardia parameter rule and the impact on PS out of JFK, also wondering if this ties to the domestic wide body phenomenon, you clearly have the aircraft required for Transcom out of LaGuardia on 7,000 foot runway. But the facilities there are lacking in my opinion [the lounge is air side and obviously -- excuse me, land side and obviously your slot portfolio isnt quite as rich as Delta or Americans. Does this tie together and what are your aggregate thoughts on this topic?
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff; let me take a crack at that. The parameter rule has been in place I think for something like 60 years its worked pretty well as is. Were certainly consulting with the port authority about what their thoughts are and our thoughts and then different carriers have different views on that. As for operations in JFK I dont think really at this point we want to comment on that.
Jim Compton: And Jamie I would add, this is Jim here, our Transcom product continues to improve and perform very well across all the ports there so were excited about the product that were bringing in and what we can do in that market across our network.
Jamie Baker: And then follow up, question probably for Greg, as we think longer term about the ramifications of potentially pursuing more of a used aircraft strategy, I think Delta would argue one reason of their strategy has been successful that they have this sufficient Tech Ops in place that one really needs to support a somewhat older fleet. Is there a corresponding investment in maintenance for United that we should think about modeling as it relates to this strategy or do you have the systems and people in place and I realized were only talking 10 to 20 shelves for now I am just trying to think a little bit longer term?
Greg Hart: I think were particularly well positioned to be able to manage any used aircraft we bring on market or into the market with our facility in San Francisco which are; we think are some of the best in the world and the services we provide there. So I think were very well positioned and it is well a lot of what the aircraft were looking at are actually similar vintage than what we already have in our fleet today.
Operator: From Credit Suisse we have Julie Yates on the line. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates: Q1 was very strong quarter for free cash flow, those were $1 billion, but only $700 million looks seasoned deployed for debt pension and buybacks and I assume that free cash continues to improve in Q2 and Q3. John you mentioned balanced deployment but can you offer more color on the cadence of that deployments between the different opportunities and why we arent seeing more buyback especially with year-to-date stock performance?
John Rainey: Certainly Julie, weve talked for some time about our need to continue to de-lever and weve set some intermediate targets out there of gross debt goals in the neighborhood of $15 billion. The steps that we took to prepay the debt that thus far this year as weve announced will help achieve some of that. I do firmly believe that there is significant shareholder value opportunity with de-levering our balance sheet. We are too heavily levered today and its a vestige from an industry which is -- were not operating in it anymore, its much more reformed industry. As we look at the opportunities that we have to de-lever we dont have a lot of other options to prepay debt where it make sense say for the secured debt that we have the term loan facility of about $1.3 billion. So as we begin to pick off these pieces of debt like the 6% notes there are less opportunities to prepay that and you will see us probably gear more towards returning cash to shareholders at that point.
Julie Yates: And then just on the pension is there a benefit to expense from the higher discretionary contributions?
John Rainey: There is, and we treat pension just like debt and well continue to fund that appropriate. Were in situation today where in a low interest rate environment we want to be careful about being in a position where we could actually fund ourselves having an over [firm] pension where youre not getting the good return on that cash. So, well be primitive with respect to how much we fund there.
Julie Yates: And then just lastly can you offer any update in terms of what amount of the CapEx for this year you tend to finance?
John Rainey: Its a good question and typically what weve done if you look at our CapEx profile this year about $3 billion to $3.2 billion, about two thirds of that is aircraft. And in the past we tended to lever up and borrow most of the amount of that for aircrafts. To your earlier question about limited opportunities to prepaid debt. If were in situation where were generating a net free cash flow the next best opportunity to de-lever is actually not borrowing incremental money for new aircraft. And so thats not a decision that weve made yet and well wait to see how cash flow is paying out for the year. But its reasonable to expect that going forward we will borrow less money for aircraft and spend more cash up-front.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank we have Michael Linenberg on line. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Two questions here, if I could, firstly John. John I want to make sure I heard you correctly I think you indicated that you were going to prefund the pension by 700 million this year?
John Rainey: That's correct.
Michael Linenberg: Okay, so, I don't think you've put out your annual yet but just based on where the deficit was, plus the 700 million this year, it sounds like you're actually pretty close to removing the underfunding, we could be a year or so away from that is that right?
John Rainey: Well, that's fairly close, at the end of the first quarter weve got an unfunded liability position about $2.5 billion. And what I was alluding to earlier you could actually find yourself in a situation where if you close that entire gap and then interest rates were to rise again that reduces the projected benefit obligations so you could actually be in a situation where you have an overfunded pension and that's not necessarily the best use of that capital, so we're very thoughtful about the amount that we're going to fund so that we can get close to fully funded but not be in a situation where we'd be overfunded.
Michael Linenberg: Perfect and just my second question to Jim, on the 777s, the ones that are being redeployed to domestic, appreciate the example that you provided, I mean the way we should interpret that or think about that airplane, is it you know going to be utilized hub to hub flying or Hawaii is that going to be the primary use if those airplanes come back into the domestic?
Jim Compton: Hey Michael, this is Jim and you hit it right on the hub. It'll support us in frequency consolidation hub to hub and also support our Hawaii and so that's exactly right.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay on the line, please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: It's a question John on, looks like your ancillary business expense guidance ticked up at about a $100 million incrementally in the back half of the year. Is there any revenue attached to this and if not come the chasm mix fuel guide did not come down from the prior guide, it even went a little lower capacity and given how Project Quality is going I would think that that would sort of lead to a reduction in the full year chasm mix fuel guide, unless again this is a new initiative and there's some other revenue I can put in the model in the back half.
John Rainey: That's an insightful observation Hunter; we do have in that guidance an assumption about resuming some of the third party sales we've done for fuel. Just this quarter alone you know it's about a $130 million variance from the previous year so to the extent that we got increase of the revenues in and we have more or less in all setting expenses. It's a profitable business but its pretty low margin.
Hunter Keay: Right, okay, that's good and then, I think one of the things that I'm concerned about and I think I'm hearing this from an increasing basis from some investors is that big airports continue to get more service and the smaller mid-sized airports continue to get less and Jim you touched on some of the competitive capacity growth causing some pricing headwind for you guys in 2Q, you're not alone, everybody has competitive capacity growth in the markets and you're putting 777s in big airport that's going to theoretically I think exacerbate, that probably forward, so is there anything that you guys can tell us now, why we should not being concerned about -- even though the headline number on capacity continues to sort of trend better on the increment, the competitive capacity trends appear to be getting worse so how do we feel good about United's ability to sort of compete in that environment as the biggest airports are getting more and more competitive?
Jim Compton: Hey Hunter, this is Jim. That's a great question, obviously I'll speak from United's perspective and how we think about this, but the base of it is that we are really committed to a disciplined capacity approach, so even the 777 that I talked about, it will be seat neutral and we'll manage that capacity discipline. You know as a matter of fact over the last eight years United's grown its capacity at GDP or less for every year and so that's really the strong part of our plan that we feel allows us to grow our margins and reinvest in our business and so continue to do that. There's an examples as we've done that, what's the test of that, we lowered our guidance to 0.5 point this year from 1.5 to 2.5 guidance from 1 to 2. A lot of the work we're doing to offset and mitigate some of the foreign exchange has been in place in the first quarter, our Japan capacity was down 11% year-over-year so it gets back to that general principle of always staying disciplined and allowing us to be flexible to move with whats happening in the market places and the demand. So from United's perspective there's nothing about what we've been doing over the last several years that's going to change going forward. There's a change in how we're approaching capacity, the capacity that we're adding is really efficient and so when I talk about the slimline seats and that's going to grow our capacity growth of 2% in the domestic space in the second quarter, is that efficient slimline capacity growth comes in a lower average yield which drives pricing down, but its very cost effective and margin accretive. So our commitments to that and we're going to continue to do that.
Hunter Keay: Thank you John and Jim.
Operator: From Cowen and Company we have Helane Becker online, please go ahead.
Helane Becker: This maybe a question for Jeff. You are now the second largest US airline and you're not included in the S&P yet, and I'm just kind of wondering if you think about that at all, if it's a priority and if you do think about getting included is there stuff you can do to perhaps move the process along?
Jeff Smisek: Helane, I think about that every night right before I go to bed.
Helane Becker: I hope thats not true.
Jeff Smisek: I am a really boring guy. Yes it is something that we do think about, it is something that we think is appropriate and as for anything we can do to get there that Ill turn over to with John.
John Rainey: Halena, we meet the qualifications today to -- for inclusion in the S&P500 there is not anything, there is not anything that we can do to get them to be more interested in us I think part of it is youve got to have someone meet the S&P500 to actually being included. So, its something that I think would help our stock long term having a fund in us like that and something that we certainly desire but its largely outside of our control.
Helane Becker: And then can I just ask a labor related question, I think you still got a couple of contracts that arent -- dont have merged seniority list. Can you do an update for us on where that stands?
Jeff Smisek: First of all, weve gotten contracts with -- we've got 28 out of our 30 contracts to get done, so we only have two left. So those are with our technicians and with our flight attendants. Were in negotiations with both groups. I wont comment on the negotiation themselves, but Ill tell you we very much would desire to getting those done. We believe that our employee groups wish to get them done but we have to approach that in an appropriate disciplined manner to reach agreements that are good for the company and good for the employees.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have William Greene on line. Please go ahead.
William Greene: Jim, I am wondering if you can clarify one point on some of the PRASM commentary, you talked about second quarter being the trough and so obviously things will get better. Do you feel like thats more on balance capacity statement or is it more on balance of demand statement? Do you have enough visibility into the back half to understand sort of what demand looks like or is it really just the capacity from this or even comps I guess could be the other right answer too?
Jim Compton: From a PRASM point of view, as you -- second quarter being the low point is driven by many of the things I talked about on the call. The largest effect for instance, fuel surcharges in Japan [hitting] us in the second quarter. And as you go through the year and particularly through the fourth quarter you begin to kind of mitigate some of that just on a year-over-year basis. On the -- some of it is just the seasonality, seasonal shaping that was really successful in the quarter, particularly in the Trans-Atlantic. We planned obviously to grow that capacity as we move into the summer strong periods and take advantage of the higher RASM in the summer period through for instance Trans-Atlantic. So its a combination of some of the effects year-over-year kind of balancing it out tied with the initiatives that we are doing to reduce our capacity and some of the oil related markets as well as for instance in the Trans-Atlantic will be flat to down year-over-year in the fourth quarter now which drives our guidance reducing it by 0.5 point to 1 point to 2 point. So, those things that market basket of things kind of makes the second quarter the low watermark based on what we see today.
William Greene: John I wanted to follow up one question for you on fuel, so obviously were redoing the hedge book and well participate in lot of the downside. When you think about deployment of cash, do you think at all about trying to lock in longer term some of the current fuel prices in any way or is that just not a part of the use of cash?
John Rainey: Its a good question Bill and its absolutely when we look at four projections for earnings today at the fuel prices that you see today, which arguably are lower than the long term average. We absolutely think about protecting some of that because the opportunities that we have to improve our business with the type of cash flow that we can generate are huge and so spending a little bit of money to protect against any pop in oil prices is something that we will likely do as we look at opportunities were more focused on 2016 than 15 at this point, but I think thats a reasonable use of cash given what we can do with the cash flows in terms of improving shareholder value.
Operator: From Barclays we have David Fintzen on the line. Please go ahead.
David Fintzen: Just a question for Jim and you alluded to I know you mentioned sort of point of sales start to shift into the summer. Just given the speed and sort of historic degree of the year and the move in the euro, is there a different dynamic in point of sale shift into the summer than maybe youve seen in the past where youve kind of clean up a lot of it with U.S. [20] sales, so how is that trending, is it sort of different this time?
Jim Compton: There is a general shift deployment now to the U.S. side that head -- as you head into the summer. We do think that given the exchange rate and the strength of the dollar that we'll see that accelerate this year, and quite frankly in our bookings we are already starting to see some of that, so, some of that foreign exchange impact that's affecting us in the transatlantic will thus be offset by an even stronger point on sale of the US and the transatlantic since we're head into the summer. So we're beginning to see those trends happen, they're above and above the rate that they normally do.
David Fintzen: Okay, sort of more 3Q than 2Q is what you're alluding that one?
Jim Compton: Yes, absolutely, you know most of our, even our seasonal shaping of capacity was meant to hit kind of the June through August period, but we've really above the lines with seasonal shaping, the Trans-Atlantic that we set out for this year.
David Fintzen: Okay and then just on a sort of similar topic, the Euro hedge, if you didn't have that hedge in the second quarter what would the incremental FX hit be and then how does that run off through the course of the year?
Jim Compton: It's not a huge amount, we're hedged 47% for the balance of the year at around 1.22-1.23, and so I dont think its big of a number for the second quarter. I dont have the specific number that you've asked off the top of my head, but I don't believe its material, so I'm thinking through it.
David Fintzen: Okay, all right, that's helpful and one quick one just to the energy related comment, on travel demand. The way I kind of interpret, is that predominantly international travel that's energy related that you're seeing or are you seeing sort of a broader Houston impact?
Jim Compton: It's both of those, the energy travel going to a couple of interesting, is that it really flies, when it flies internationally it flies in business class, and so a big portion of that revenue is international because of that. But even in Houston a data point, is that we saw our Houston [rising] in the first quarter, down 5% and our consolidated PRASM was up 0.4, so that gives you a little contest that, yes it is -- a lot of that oil traffic is international. But it also affects the domestic and we're adjusting some of that domestic capacity for instance to North Dakota and Canada to address some of the demand issues that are associated with that.
Operator: From Evercore ISI we have Duane Pfennigwerth on the line, please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just two questions from me, to what extent did pilot availability factor into your decision to accelerate some of these regional fleet changes, and wonder if you can offer any comment on your partners' ability to fly the schedule the schedule that you want them to fly.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff; I'll talk a little bit about that. Pilot availability clearly, particularly for the 50 seat operation is an issue for us which does indeed affect the availability of our express operators to fly the scheduled, and moreover the 50 seat product is something that is not as good a product as the 76 seaters, for example the new Imperio 175s that are in the market [indiscernible] product with considered very attractive airplane, very comfortable airplane has WiFi, has putting first class food up front, has a better ancillary revenue opportunities, and confortable seats and is a very good product. But the shift of the pilots, our reduction in availability of pilots for smaller airplanes is clearly affecting us, as in it's affecting all of our competitors who operate the [program].
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks Jeff, and then just on seasonality of free cash flow generation, strong number here in the first quarter earnings seasonally stronger in second quarter, but is it fair to assume that free cash flow generation will actually be higher sequentially in 2Q and thanks for taking the questions.
Greg Hart: It's fair to assume that Duane, a lot depends upon earnings, but to your point we tend to build a lot more cash in the first and second quarters and we expect very strong cash generation there. We have a goal being free cash flow positive in every quarter and giving the earnings profile of this business, that's not an unreasonable assumption.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Is that something you think you could hit this year potentially.
Greg Hart: Again it depends upon your earnings assumption, but yes potentially.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Operator: We've time for one final question, from Buckingham Research we have Dan McKenzie online, please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie: Apologies for yet another 777 question but I can't resist and I guess I'm just wondering if the move is potential prelude to adding a fourth cabin domestically and how should we think about the pros and cons of that kind of a strategy?
Jim Compton: Dan, this is Jim, we have no plans to add a fourth cabin domestically, given what were doing, ancillary revenue particularly with the economy plus, we actually we're really early in the game of driving as sort of the revenue with that product today, so we're going to kind of -- were going to continue to build on that and so the answer would be no.
Dan McKenzie: Okay, very good. You know John, I guess just following up on the free cash flow commentary obviously youre completing the share repurchase well ahead of schedule here and I believe investors are concluding that United may not actually announce another capital return program this year but -- and I guess I am wondering if we should preclude that possibility I mean whats the right way to think about expectations here?
Jim Compton: I think its reasonable to assume that as we conclude our existing share repurchase program that well be in the market with something additional whether itd be a share repurchase, dividend whatever we think is the best way to return cash to shareholders at that point in time.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media [Operator Instructions]. From Thomson Reuters we have Jeffrey Dastin on line. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Dastin: How does the 747 fits into Uniteds fleet --planned fleet, retirement plan in 2015 and how do you only considered retiring a significant portion of 747s going forward?
John Rainey: The 747 is something that we do intend to keep for a few more years we have a couple coming out of our fleet in the near future but some of these weve made some improvements to the operating reliability of the aircraft and we could expect to keep them for another few years. They have another sort of big maintenance events in the 2020 time frame that that will be another decision point for us whether we want to extend them further at that point or go ahead and retire them.
Jeffrey Dastin: And just a separate fleet related question, so with which model of Dreamliner did United exchange for the 777s and might United elaborate on what discount they may have received for them?
John Rainey: We have not disclosed which model we substituted and we might not elaborate of the discount, thats something wed like to keep between us and Boeing.
Operator: From The Street we have Ted Reed on line. Please go ahead.
Ted Reed: I dont quite understand why youre trading in 787 orders for 777 orders. I thought the 787 orders were big advantage for United. So Id like to know why youre doing it apart from price and give me an example of where it would benefit you.
John Rainey: Were still a big believer in the 787, its a greater best in our fleet today. The 777-300ER is also a very good aircraft and happens to have the best reliability of any plane in the sky today. It also has -- we have an opportunity to put that in some markets that its a better aircraft and with the 787 or some of our other existing planes out there today. So this is all part of normal fleet planning that we do from time-to-time and there is nothing to read into this about the 787.
Ted Reed: Can you give me an example of a route that it might be better than -- that the 777 might be better?
John Rainey: I wont give you a specifically route, but clearly it integrates well with the 777 we fly to New York, it allows us to up gauge New York, which has always been a strategy of ours given the constraints there and the demand that were seeing in New York with the hub and how its working in New York. So thats a great aircraft to up gauge in New York with that 777-300.
Ted Reed: And one other thing Delta say that it would cut international capacity growth in fourth quarter by 3%, I cant quite figure out from you said is that about what youre doing. I know you have some big cuts in Japan, but can you compare it to Delta?
Jeff Smisek: We havent disclosed what the fourth quarter in terms of international in total, we are bringing our Atlanta capacity to flat to down year-over-year. Again for us weve been very much focused on capacity discipline. So, our Japan capacity for instance in the first quarter was down 11% its already planned to be down 7% in the fourth quarter. So, weve been ahead of this as we create the flexibility in our fleet plan to match capacity and demand.
Operator: And we have time for one final question from Flightglobal, we have Edward Russell on line. Please go ahead.
Edward Russell: I was wondering if you could provide some guidance on the time line of the 777-200s coming into the domestic fleet.
Jeff Smisek: It wont be this year.
Nene Foxhall: With that, were out of time and well conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director, Investor Relations Jeffery Smisek - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO James Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer Gregory Hart - Senior Vice President of Operations John Rainey - CFO and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Julie Yates - Credit Suisse Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Joe DeNardi - Stifel Nicolaus David Fintzen - Barclays Capital Savi Syth - Raymond James Jeffrey Dastin - Thomson Reuters
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter 2014. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Irene Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will discuss revenue and capacity. Greg will follow with an update on our operations. John will follow that with a review of our costs, fleet and capital structures, after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We'd appreciate if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffery Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan. And thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $2 billion for the full year 2014. We earned $5.06 per diluted share, and achieved a pretax margin of 5.1% both significant improvements over last year.  In 2014, we focused on improving our operations and customer service driving more revenue and reducing our costs. We are pleased with the progress of our core business leading to a solid year of earnings improvement. We earned over $900 million more than in 2013. Even with the costly storms in the first quarter that disproportionately hit our northern hubs. We achieved a 12.9% return on invested capital. Our unit costs came in better than expected. We exceeded our expectations for our project quality efficiency initiative. We grew our unit revenue by 1.6% with many of our revenue initiatives only beginning to take hold. We launched a share buyback program sooner than anticipated, have already returned more than $300 million in the program's first two quarters. We paid down expensive debt while financing aircraft at record low interest rates. We took delivery of 35 new aircraft and remodeled three terminals and eight clubs. We improved our operation meaningfully throughout the year. We had an ambitious plan for 2014 and we executed well on nearly every level. I want to thank our employees for the progress we made in 2014. Our plans for 2015 call for growing our core earnings and margins, further improving operation, reducing our costs and adding more customer pleasing offerings and service. While we had much work ahead of us to make United the airline we know it can be, we are excited by the terrific opportunities ahead for United, our employees and our shareholders. I'd like to take this opportunity to address the recent significant decline in oil prices and its impact on the way we run our business. First we will only grow the airline as demand dictates. The US airline industry has transformed itself over the last several years through consolidation and capacity discipline matching capacity with demand and United will continue its discipline growing capacity less than GDP regardless of the price of oil. We will also be opportunistic with our use of the additional cash we expect to generate as a result of lower fuel prices. We will use this cash to accelerate our path toward longer-term goals we've previously identified including reducing our financial leverage and continuing to return cash to shareholders through our share repurchase program. At United we will continue to improve our operations and customer service, grow our revenue, reduce our costs and appropriately allocate our cash. We had a successful 2014 and I am proud of the progress we made. Our team is excited about the significant opportunity ahead to achieve the level of earnings that we and our shareholders expect. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
James Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I would like to first thank our customers for choosing United. We are working everyday to provide you with reliable service and a flier-friendly experience to the destinations you prefer. We appreciate your business throughout 2014 and we look forward to serving you again this year. In the fourth quarter, our unit revenue increased 0.4% slightly higher than our expectations. As we described previously this result was negatively impacted by a 1.5 point headwind due to fourth quarter 2013 interline ticket reconciliations. As this was one-time in nature, it will not reoccur in the subsequent quarters. Our three-pronged revenue initiative focused on revenue management, network planning and our express operation continues to deliver solid results. In the fourth quarter we re-banked our schedule in Denver and Houston and we will re-bank our schedule in Chicago in the first quarter. The initial results of our re-banking have met our expectations and connecting yields in Denver and Houston have increased year-over-year. By expanding our connection opportunities in these hubs, we are able to improve the mix of originating and connecting customers. We more seasonally shaped our schedule in the fourth quarter by reducing flying during the lower demand shoulder period and expect to increase flying during the higher demand summer period. These changes contributed to the unit revenue results in the Atlantic entity which grew approximately 7% year-over-year. We anticipate the full year 2015 effect across the network to increase both unit revenue and margins. During the quarter, we also made good progress consolidating frequencies as we flew larger gauge planes and reduced our alliance on 50-seat aircraft. Frequency consolidation provides several benefits to the airline as it reduces cost, improved reliability, and expand the product offering by providing more premium seats and upsell opportunities. In the fourth quarter, our gauge increased on average by 4% while departures decreased by 6%. We will continue to execute on this initiative throughout 2015 and expect our gauge to increase 6% on average for the full year as departures decrease 4%. Examples include the Denver to Minneapolis, O'Hare to Cleveland, O'Hare to Philadelphia routes. We continue to overhaul our express operation by reducing the number of 50-seaters in our fleet. In 2014 we removed 39 50-seaters and introduced to 33 Embraer 175 76-seat aircraft. These newer larger gauge airplanes have been very well received by our customers and we have seen an increase in ancillary revenue since their introduction. Ancillary revenue per passenger earned on an E175 is 15% higher than on the 50-seat aircraft they are replacing largely due to having 16 economy plus seats and 12 first class seats. This regional fleet overhaul will continue into 2015 as an additional 71 50-seaters will exit the fleet by the end of the year with 49 additional E175s entering the fleet. Some of these E175s will also replace Q400 turboprop aircraft which will begin to leave the fleet this year. This transformation has had a positive impact on the reliability of the regional operation. As our fourth quarter controllable completion rate improved year-over-year with a better product offering and a more reliable service. We expect these actions to generate additional revenue and unit cost benefits in 2015 and beyond. In the fourth quarter, our corporate revenue portfolio increased by 4% year-over-year with strength coming primarily from the technology and healthcare sectors. We have been monitoring the impact of lower oil prices on our energy related corporate traffic. In the fourth quarter, we noticed a small impact and we are working closely with these corporate partners as they begin planning travel for 2015. Ancillary revenues continue to grow in the fourth quarter increasing approximately 10% per passenger and we achieved our goal of $3 billion of ancillary revenue in 2014 despite capacity growth being 1.2 points below our plan. With family plus revenue per available Economy Plus seat was up 22% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. To date we have installed Wi-Fi on 451 main line aircrafts and begun installation on our regional fleet. Our streaming video product is now on 194 aircraft and customers give it very positive reviews. Wi-Fi installation will be largely complete by this summer with streaming video installations complete by the end of the year. For the first quarter, we anticipate our unit revenue to be essentially flat with several factors contributing to our revenue performance for the quarter. First, our unit revenue outlook is impacted by a shift in revenue from MileagePlus redemption tickets out of the first quarter. This is a result of having new, more accurate data which allows us to recognize passenger revenue in the period in which the customer redeems miles per travel. This does not impact cash or our full year revenue outlook but will provide a headwind of approximately $75 million or about 1 point PRASM year-over-year in the first quarter. Conversely the third quarter and fourth quarter will experience a revenue tailwind of approximately $50 million and $25 million respectively. Second, we expect the average stage length of our routes to increase by approximately 1.5% in the quarter. This is mainly the result of restructuring our Pacific network. We now offer our customers a number of connections within Asia through our joint venture partner ANA allowing United to redeploy its aircraft to additional long haul routes from the US. For example, we eliminated certain shorter-haul flights out of Narita such as Hong Kong and Bangkok. In addition we ended our TAB flight between Melbourne and Sydney. In the same period we have added several long haul flights including Los Angeles to Melbourne and San Francisco to Taipei and Chengdu. While these decisions have proven to be margin accretive, they provide approximately 0.5 point of present headwind for the quarter. The third factor impacting our PRASM in the quarter is the effect of the strengthening dollar. While a strong dollar is good for our fuel purchasing, it reduces the revenue received from international ticket sales. The impact is somewhat muted because we spend a portion of our foreign currency to pay local expenses. In addition we have entered into currency hedge contracts to protect United from further weakness. Over the longer term, we believe that the strengthening dollar will generate additional demand in the US point of sale. For the first quarter, we estimate the foreign exchange impact to be approximately one point of PRASM headwind for the quarter. Finally while the domestic entity performed very well in 2014, it showed some signs of softening towards the end of the fourth quarter. We expect this to continue in the first quarter of 2015 with domestic unit revenues expected to be flat to up 2%. These unit revenue headwinds are partially offset by 1.5 point tailwind in the first quarter as we don't anticipate the same bubble of weather related disruption to our operation that we experienced in the first quarter of 2014. Turning to capacity. In the first quarter, we expect our consolidated capacity to be between flat and up 1% with domestic to be flat to down 1%. We still expect full year 2015 capacity to increase between 1.5% and 2.5%. With domestic capacity up 0.5% to 1.5%. The major driver of growth is the rollout of slimline seats. We currently have installed these seats on more than 300 aircrafts and installation will be 85% complete by the end of 2015. The remaining capacity growth will largely come from increasing our fleet utilization as our operation improves and the completion of aircraft modification of programs allows us to return aircraft to regular service. The impact of high utilization will represent nearly 14 additional aircraft becoming part of our fleet without spending any additional capital. In conclusion, I am pleased with the continuing progress of our revenue initiatives. Through the execution of our revenue plan, we are optimizing our network, our schedule, our revenue management practices and our express operation which we expect will lead to meaningful revenue growth in the upcoming quarters. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Hart: Thanks, Jim. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their dedicated efforts in 2014. United is turning the corner toward operational excellence and you are the foundation of our success. I especially want to thank our employees for working in the tough winter conditions. Your commitment makes our management proudly part of your team. While we made good progress in improving our operating performance, we realized we still have a lot of work to do. Our entire operation teams remains focused on running a better airline and we have 100s of projects underway to support those efforts. Today, I would like to talk about 2 initiatives designed to improve our departure and arrival performance. The first is focused on achieving on-time departures. The departure sequence for a flight is a fairly complex orchestration of dozens of activities. We are developing to alert our teams when any one of these take isnt going according to plan. This will allow our teams to properly address the specific issue and get the process back on track for an on-time departure. We are also focused on improving our on-time arrivals. For instance, we have a host of initiatives underway to short the time it takes to arrive at the gate once the plane lands. We are in the early phase of rolling out systems that will allow our pilots to self guide the aircraft into the gate area rather than depend on our ramp agents to guide them in. This will free up our agents to focus on other critical tasks such as plugging the power and air units into the aircraft which will facilitate the timely placement of the jet bridge. Additionally we are working with the third party provider to develop a gate management tool that integrates real time information to more proactively manage our gate complexes at our hubs. This will reduce the instances in which our aircraft arrived and are forced to wait for a gate to become available. These initiatives will reduce delays, save on fuel burn and improve the customer experience. These are just a few of the many initiatives we have underway to improve the operation. This year will be a crucial year as we executive on our operational targets to become more liable and efficient. I am confident that our dedicated work groups will help bring United's operation to level excellence we all expect. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks, Greg. And thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. I'd also like to thank our employees for all their good work in 2014. Our success is dependent upon the job they do each and every day. Today we reported $462 million of pretax income for the fourth quarter with earnings per diluted share of $1.20 nearly double our earnings per share in the fourth quarter of last year. Our fourth quarter pretax margin was 5%, about 200 basis points higher year-over-year. The progress we made in 2014 is reflected in the improvement in our financial performance. Our full year pretax income was $2 billion with earnings per diluted share of $5.06 and a pretax margin of 5.1% approximately 250 basis points higher than last year. We achieved a 12.9% return on invested capital, our stock price increased 77% and we returned approximately $320 million of cash directly to our shareholders since initiating our share repurchase program last summer. We also prepaid $310 million of convertible debt that was convertible into 5.8 million shares. Our fourth quarter consolidated chasm excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing increased 1.2% year-over-year. Full year consolidated chasm excluding these items increased 1.3% on roughly flat capacity. Our full year chasm was within our original guidance range of 1% to 2% despite lower capacity on 1.2 points from the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. 2014 is our first full year of implementing our project quality initiative and we made good progress towards our $2 billion annual cost savings gone. In 2014 we achieved approximately $380 million of non-fuel savings over 25% more than our original expectation. A major driver of the savings was improving productivity. This quarter we improved productivity by 3% marking the 6th consecutive quarter in which our productivity has improved. We achieved our full year target of 3% year-over-year improvement and we are on track to achieve our goal of 15% to 20% productivity improvement by 2017. Additionally our fuel efficiency improved 1.3% in 2014 and 2.3% in the fourth quarter driven by more fuel efficient aircraft and improved processes. Using the average 2014 fuel price, our project quality fuel savings were approximately $200 million. We remain on track to achieve a 7% improvement in fuel efficiency by 2017. As we have outlined before, our goal is to contain chasm growth to less than inflation. For the first quarter we expect consolidated chasm excluding fuel, profit sharing and third party business expense to be approximately flat. For the full year 2015 we expect consolidated chasm excluding these items to be flat to up 1%. There are some areas of the business where costs are growing faster than inflation. The two most notable items include healthcare expense growing nearly 8% and pension expense which is negatively impacted by the lower discount rates and changes to the mortality tables. With our continued progress on our multiyear cost saving initiative, we are able to mute these pressures and expect another year of very good cost performance. Turning to fuel expense. In the fourth quarter our average fuel price was $2.83 per gallon which includes $0.25 from settled hedges. We recorded $237 million hedge loss in the quarter which includes approximately $80 million from 2015 positions closed out in fourth quarter. This month we also closed out virtually the entire remaining portion of our first quarter hedge positions. We now expect to incur $190 million in hedge losses for the first quarter. In the first quarter we expect our average fuel price per gallon to be between $1.96 and $2.01 per gallon including the impact of sold hedges. Our current full year hedge position allows us to participate in 84% of any future declines in the price of oil. Based on the January 15th forward curve, our existing opened 2015 hedges beyond the first quarter or in a loss position of approximately $680 million. Using the mid points of the guidance we have provided, we expect our pretax margin to be between 5 and 7% in the first quarter. We continue to take steps to strengthen our balance sheet. In 2014 we prepaid over $1.5 billion of debt including $248 million of our 6% convertible debt due 2030 that was prepaid in the fourth quarter. Additionally this month the last of our remaining convertible debt matured and in total we have eliminated $1.9 billion of convertible debt since the merger. We also continue to finance aircraft at very low rates including our most recent double ETC transaction which had a blended interest rate of 3.9%. As a result of these and other transactions our 2014 interest expense was approximately $50 million lower year-over-year. Our capital expenditures in the fourth quarter were $1 billion and $3.1 billion for the full year. We expect full year 2015 capital expenditures to be between $3 billion and $3.2 billion. In 2015 we expect to take delivery of 11 787-9s, 23 737-900ERs, 2 used 737-700s, and 49 E175s 11 of which will go into our balance sheet. As we have expressed in the past, we want to replace many of the 50-seat aircraft in our fleet today. To do this in a disciplined manner, we are continuing to explore opportunities in the used aircraft market to replace some of these aircrafts without appreciably increasing our capital expenditures. In addition to taking advantage of the used aircraft market, we are making investments in our existing fleet to extend the useful life and better utilize the assets that we have as displayed by our recent decision to extend the life of some of our 767 300s. Including the $3 billion to $3.2 billion of CapEx in 2015, we now expect average annual CapEx of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion over the next three or four years. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $100 million of United common stock and spend $248 million to retire convertible debt that was convertible into approximately 4.3 million shares. In 2014 we spend more than $600 million returning value to our shareholders through our share buyback program and the retirement of convertible debt. We are pleased with the early progress we've made in our $1 billion share buyback program and will continue to opportunistically repurchase additional shares over the coming quarters. I want to take a moment to address United's outlook on capital allocation in the current low fuel price environment. We will continue to allocate capital in a manner to maximize shareholder value. It's reasonable to assume that we could accelerate our share buyback that cash flows turn out to be better than what we originally expected at the inception of this program. We will also continue to de-lever and at a pace that will allow us to achieve some of our capital structure goals more quickly than previously planned. In conclusion, I am pleased with our progress last year but even more exited about the opportunity in 2015. We will build on our solid foundation to increase revenue, control cost, improve the balance sheet, and return cash to shareholders. Through these actions we will expand core earnings and demonstrate our commitment to increasing shareholder value. I will now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, John. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg on the line. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg: Hey, good morning everybody. Hey, I think Jim brought this up but maybe this is a question for John. Just with respect to currency hedging, that's I guess something that we haven't seen you do in some time and you mentioned that you had entered into a position. What currencies, what are the positions that strikes details on that would be great?
John Rainey: Sure Mike. So the four areas where we have the most exposure are China, Europe, the Canadian dollar, and the Japanese Yen. In the past we have hedged more in the Yen. Going forward into 2015 the only hedges we have in place were only euro, and we are hedged about 60% of our exposure at a rate of about 122. 
Michael Linenberg: Okay, that's perfect. And then just my second question, and this is maybe its John or Jim. Just looking at your fleet plan, I did see that it looks like you are going to retire two of your 74s by the end of this year and I just sort of think about the movement in fuel prices and the amount of money that you put into those airplanes to get their reliability up. I know there were some modifications. You've upgraded the entertainment options. What's driving that and then what replaces that. What do you have in mind? I mean I know there's been some headlines out there that you are looking at some of the larger 777s. I am not sure if they are incremental or if they would come from the current order book. Just -- I guess there's a bunch of questions in that. Thanks. Sorry.
John Rainey: Let me start with the 747s. You are right Mike, we have made some improvement to the interiors of those plains. Anytime we look at the retirement schedule for any fleet you often take into account when heavy maintenance events come due, and in particular these 747s, this is a good time to retire those. We still intend to keep the remaining portion of the fleet for some period of time. With respect to backfilling that, we are taking delivery of some Dash 9s this year and of course you have seen some speculation in the press about the 777 300 order. That is an aircraft that interests us. I don't want to necessarily comment on the rumors out there in the press. I will say that we have the ability to negotiate substitution rights with our manufacturers and so that is something that we are looking at.
Jeffery Smisek: But just -- this is Jeff -- just to be clear, those -- the rumored 777s that are rumored that we are looking at are not incremental airways.
Michael Linenberg: Great. Thanks Jeff, thanks John.
Operator: From Credit Suisse we have Julie Yates on the line. Please go ahead.
Julie Yates: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeffery Smisek: Hi Julie.
Julie Yates: I would like to revisit the first quarter unit revenue guide and understanding there's certainly a lot of moving pieces here. But the last three quarters you've outpaced your initial PRASM guidance by about an average of 100 basis points at the midpoint. And should we think about a similar level of conservatism here with potential to outperform the initial guide or there's specific headwinds that will make that less likely?
James Compton: Hey Julie, this is Jim. When we guide we guide on the best information we have at the time. And so as I talk about the first quarter we wanted to line out exactly the tailwinds of weather last year that was contributing 1.2 PRASM for us in the first quarter but offset by the other items that I talked about whether be the MileagePlus, the stage length or the foreign exchange. So a net impact of 1 point there. That being said, I will tell you the revenue teams always focus on beating where we are at but what we guide to is the information that we have now. But the revenue team, the sales team across the network is always working really hard to improve on that.
Julie Yates: Okay. And then just the softness in the domestic market that you referenced towards the end of the fourth quarter. What do you attribute this to? Is this broad-based or more concentrated in some of your top hubs like Houston that might be feeling an impact from the fallen oil?
James Compton: Julie, what I was wanting to point out in regards to kind of guiding to the first quarter particularly the domestic is that we did see in the fourth quarter a progression so that if you combine the months from November and December to eliminate all the holiday movements and things like that, the November, December -- really industry domestic as well as for us growth rates were less than the previous months during the year and we want to highlight that as a base. So that was more broad-based. I wouldn't -- there were no specific entities or sectors that would be specific to that. What we want to kind of re-step what we were thinking about in the first quarter that some of that deceleration we actually saw in the combined November, December months.
Julie Yates: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: From Wolfe Research we have Hunter Keay on the line. Please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Hey, good morning everybody.
John Rainey: Good morning Hunter.
Hunter Keay: John, does the full year share count guidance include any assumptions for share buyback.
John Rainey: No, it is not.
Hunter Keay: Okay, that's good. And maybe one for Jim. Jim you made a comment about how re-banking I think Denver and Houston improved the mix of connecting and local traffic, I would have thought that re-banking would improve -- would actually increase the volume of connecting traffic. So it's a two part question. Where does your connecting and local traffic go from and too before the re-banks. Then when you said it improved the mix were you just talking about a higher-yielding connecting passenger? 
James Compton: Hey Hunter, I did talk about yield. The -- what we saw was an increase in the connecting passengers in both hubs. What we saw was a greater change in the mix of passengers with that. You are correct as you bring the hubs tighter, you create more connecting opportunities participate within the industry, but at the same time you also allow the revenue management just to really work that increased demand. And what we are excited about is we actually saw a greater increase in yield relative to our overall yield. But we did also see an increase in passengers.
Hunter Keay: And what was the -- can you give me like some broad high-level changes in what the percentage shift was from local to connecting in the hubs? Was it five percentage points, something like that?
James Compton: Yes, I am not going to disclose that.
Hunter Keay: Okay.
James Compton: But again I will emphasize that we saw an increase in passengers that are even greater increase than yields. So we are very excited about the initiative.
Hunter Keay: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: From Buckingham Research we have Dan McKenzie on line. Please go ahead. Dan McKenzie, your line is open.
Dan McKenzie: Yes, hey, good morning everybody. Thanks for the time here. One house-cleaning question, what were the remaining NOLs at December 31st?
John Rainey: The NOLs, Dan?
Dan McKenzie: Yes.
John Rainey: There were about 10 billion or 11 billion.
Dan McKenzie: Okay very good. And then secondly, I'm hoping you can just clarify for us all here. How much weight should we assign to booking data that is publicly available? You guys have the ability to see it, what are the puts and takes? And the reason I ask is, I just got too many calls to count from investors wondering if demand was weakening further out this year. So I guess I'm just wondering how do we interpret the data, and is there anything that you are seeing that worries you further out at this point?
James Compton: Hey Dan, this is Jim. You are right. I think some of the public data is never going to be -- obviously not the full picture and we have the full picture because of our direct channels and so forth and we are really comfortable with your demand levels right now. And over the next 6 weeks in terms of our book load factoring that across the system. So we are comfortable with where they are at and it fits in well with the guidance that we gave in terms of PRASM. 
Dan McKenzie: Okay, thanks so much guys.
Operator: From JPMorgan we have Jamie Baker on line. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning everybody. Like Mike I am interested in the reports about swapping 78s for 777-300ERs. I don't expect you to comment directly on the negotiations per se, but I'm interested in when the discussions began and the extent to which fuel might've been a catalyst. If this is something that you started discussing with Boeing a year ago, that's says one thing, but if this is just a more of a -- I don't know -- a post-OPEC phenomenon, it tells us something different. Any color there?
James Compton: Well Jamie, I am not going to comment on discussions if there are any that are talking place. I will say that we take a very long-term perspective with respect to fleet planning. These are assets that we fly for 25 years to 30 years. If we are so fortunate that fuel prices remain at this level for years to come, we might adjust our view on what fuel prices we use when we make these fleet investment decisions. But for right now, we are still assuming the same fuel prices that we've used or the level that we've seen over the last few years, which is the $120 to $125 jet fuel.
Jamie Baker: Okay, fair enough. And Jeff, in your prepared remarks you said that you would size the airline to demand and I assume that comment was meant to allay any concern that lower fuel would mean an increase in capacity. Does the comment cut both ways? I am not of the view that revenue falls off a cliff, but if we do see fuel stay here and demand materially suffer for whatever reason, would you shrink the airline further, or would you simply maintain capacity until such time that most of the fuel price cushion had eroded?
Jeffery Smisek: No, Jamie, we're going to run the airline for profit maximization, and we're not going to be making decisions on any sort of short-term basis. We are very focused on maintaining capacity discipline vis--vis GDP. And we're going to continue that irrespective of what the fuel price is. Irrespective of fuel price, if demand were to fall off, we would appropriately size the airline to it as we always have. If demand were to grow, if GDP were to grow, we would appropriately size the airline over time to that too.
Jamie Baker: Excellent, that's what I was hoping to hear and thanks for the solid guide this morning. Take care.
Jeffery Smisek: Thanks.
Operator: From Cowen and Company we have Helane Becker on the line. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks operator. Hi everybody. Thanks for the time. I have two questions. One is as we think about the project quality initiative in fuel costs; I think you said that you were looking at 7% efficiency. So how should we think about the decline in jet fuel? Does that make it harder for you to achieve that, or does it make it easier for you? And is there any change to the $2 billion number as a result?
John Rainey: Helane, this is John. When we set that target at the end of 2013, we assumed a price per barrel of again roughly $100 to $125 jet fuel. And that is how we arrived at the $1 billion in savings. Obviously, as jet fuel has plummeted over the last few months, that eats away at the dollar amount of those savings that would be realized but fuel swings both ways. And the thing that we're focused on is the efficiency gain. We are absolutely laser-focused on achieving the 7% efficiency improvement between 2013 and 2017 because just as that potentially has swung to a $500 million or $600 million benefit today, that could be $1.5 billion to $2 billion in the future.
Helane Becker: Okay, and then my other question is something you said with respect to Denver. Can you parse out how much of the benefit that you've seen in Denver is a result of changes that Frontier has actually been making? Or is the shift in mix all related to the changes that you've been making?
James Compton: Hey Helene, this is Jim. We've been very focused on Denver and the team in Denver has done an incredible job over the last couple of years as the market -- the competition has either reshaped itself or adjusted in the market. But we are talking about the benefits are clearly a result of tightening up the bank. So the other benefits we are receiving in Denver are separate from that, but that Denver has been performing very well for us and the team has done a terrific job there.
Helane Becker: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: From Evercore we have Duane Pfennigwerth on the line. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, good morning, thanks. Wonder if you could -- and obviously your guidance is very strong here into the first quarter, but wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on your percentage of revenue that comes from the energy industry and any additional detail you can give on the early signs of softness that you referred to in the fourth quarter?
James Compton: Yes, hi, this is Jim. We don't disclose the absolute percent that's associated to the energy. We are -- and partly because it affects the network in many different ways. One of the specific ways, though, is through our corporate partners and the work we do with our partners in the energy sector. And historically, our sales team has always had a very close relationship with them. Over the years as oil has gone up and down, we've always worked very closely with them and how we can help them in their travel needs and understand their travel needs. So today, the corporate salesforce team is in those discussions with those companies to get a sense of what they're seeing in terms of 2015. As expected, as we've seen in the past, they are looking at all their costs as they reject -- as they react to the lower oil prices in their industry. But to this date, we've seen just a small impact from our corporate business that we can measure very closely. But we'll stay on top of it and monitor it as we go through the year.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. John, could you just remind us how much is left on your capital return program? And then how do you think about it -- I appreciate those comments that as cash flows higher, it would be either debt reduction or buyback, but how do you think about kind of updating the market about size of that program?
John Rainey: We've achieved or completed about $320 million of buybacks thus far. So we've got $680 million to go, and we are very focused on the existing buyback program that we have in place. As cash flows come in better than what we expected, I think it's reasonable to assume, as I said, that we can accelerate that. And the timeframe is yet to be determined on that, but we are very focused on properly balancing capital allocation and an important component of that is returning cash to shareholders. So this, as we've said, is an evolution. This was our first step and we hope to build on that.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay, thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have Bill Greene on the line. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene: Yes, hi, good morning. I wanted to ask about whether you think that the increase in the industry's overall returns will cause the industry domestically to start to lose some of this discipline that you and Delta have both highlighted on their calls as it relates to capacity. Do you worry at all about that, or is that something that you think is not likely to happen given the structure we've got today?
Jeffery Smisek: Bill, this is Jeff. Look, we can only speak to United. We will absolutely not lose our capacity to split. We found that to be very healthy for us. It's clearly very healthy for the industry, and we're committed to it.
Bill Greene: Make sense. Do you feel like overseas we have more of a reason to worry, given that you would think that this lower fuel price will help Asian carriers quite a bit, for example? Do we have reason to worry about capacity growth overseas in a bigger way?
Jeffery Smisek: Well, I do think that the capacity of discipline that has been shown by US carriers is not necessarily shown by international carriers. And I think that that's certainly a possibility, particularly in areas worth with a lot of growth such as low-cost carriers in Asia.
Bill Greene: Right. Okay, great, thanks for the time.
Jeffery Smisek: Thanks Bill.
Operator: From Stifel we have Joe DeNardi on the line. Please go ahead.
Joe DeNardi: Hey, good morning, thank you. John, on the capital deployment side, is a dividend just kind of not on the radar at this point, or what would you need to see to maybe consider that?
John Rainey: It's not on the radar in so much as we are focused on our existing share repurchase program. We have a lot of discussions as a management team and with our Board on the right way to allocate capital. We still believe that the reasons that we're behind the share repurchase program or are still there today in the sense that we don't think that we are trading at our fair value. If you look at our market cap compared to our peers and our conviction in the plan that we have in place to get us where we need to be, that there's still a lot of opportunity to buy back stock at discounted prices to the intrinsic value.
Joe DeNardi: Okay, yes, that makes sense. And then in terms of the team's expectations with regard to fuel surcharges coming down internationally, what are your expectations for how that plays out through the year?
James Compton: Hey Joe, this is Jim. We don't comment on future pricing. I will say there are -- for instance, in Japan it's by law indexed, and so we expect obviously that will move as the rules of that index move and so we'll see it there. But in terms of international surcharges, we don't comment on pricing.
Operator: From Barclays we have David Fintzen on the line. Please go ahead.
David Fintzen: Hey, good morning everyone. A couple of questions for Jim. Just one following up on a bit of the comments on re-banking. How should we think about some of the upcoming competitive re-bankings that are going on call it mid-continent? Is that -- can you sustain or carry through a lot of these benefits as other -- as American hubs specifically are re-banked, or should we be factoring some of that into our thinking on RASM?
James Compton: David, this is Jim. We're obviously very focused on optimizing the revenue through our re-banking structure and the work we are doing there. And that's our main focus. That being said, you're right. It's a competitive business, and as we have re-banked and tightened our bank, those are connections that we are participating in that were participating somewhere else before. And so if you see incremental re-banking similar to what we are doing that will be a competitive balance in there, but our focus is clearly to optimize the revenue. And that's why we're really excited about the yield piece because we think the revenue management team can drive incremental revenue even with those competitive natures out there in terms of other people re-banking.
David Fintzen: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned on the regional re-fleeting side, I think you said 15% bump in ancillary. How should we think about the other side of that? Any dilution on the passenger revenue side? Or put another way; is it TRASM neutral as you are up-gauging or is it still somewhat dilutive to TRASM?
James Compton: The -- it's a great question right because it's a wonderful product that we expect to attract a business market that wasn't attracted to a 50-seater. You've got to remember also there's structural changes. We increased the length of haul using that aircraft. There is a structural pressure on RASM that happens. All being said, adjusting for all those things, it's a wonderful product that we think is already attracting a better business mix and will continue to do so, as well as to your first point that we're able to attach 15% per passenger more ancillary revenue than we are on the 50-seater.
David Fintzen: Okay, I appreciate that. Thanks for the time.
Operator: We have time for one final question. And from Raymond James we have Savi Syth on the line. Please go ahead.
Savi Syth: Hey, good morning. On the international growth, I know you talked about matching supply with demand and I was just curious given the trends we are seeing in the international markets where just economic growth is slower, I was curious as to if your outlook on international growth has been modified. It doesn't seem like it's changed much since you talked about it last in December?
James Compton: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. Our focus again to Jeff's point earlier of making sure that capacity is in line with demand. And so on the international front, a big part of our initiative is quite frankly the seasonal adjustment and peaking and de-peaking that we're doing by flying less into low peak demands right now in the winter. And when the demand is there in the summer we can -- able to up gauge that. So it's a perfect example that even in the environment that we are in we're matching capacity with demand. In addition, that global demand, particularly into Europe, has been soft. And yet we have over 7% unit revenue growth in the fourth quarter; another example of us really keeping capacity in line with demand. We are aware of the competitive nature that's out there. The growth in Asia, particularly in China, is running at 20% growth rate. We see that going through the year. That being said, our network is the best position to take that traffic with San Francisco and its local market leading the way, and that's where you've seen many of the routes that we've added, San Francisco, Chengdu and Taipei to other parts of Asia. So, we are aware of the competitive balance out there. We think we are well positioned. We've been in the market since 1986. We have strong relationships across Asia, and we see really good things coming. An interesting note though in particular to China, WTO in 2006 talked about 100 million passengers outbound in China by 2020. Now they think that will happen in 2015. And now people are talking about by 2020 200 million outbound travelers. That's to all points outside of China, but the US is a big part of that play. And we are extremely well positioned as we take a long-term view on our Asia strategy to capture that.
Savi Syth: Got it, thanks. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, for John. Just on the debt side, if you do have this kind of additional cash and can pay down more debt, how much debt can you prepay before it starts to be too costly?
John Rainey: Well, we've got quite a bit that we can take advantage of. I will say that some of the debt that is pre-payable, the rates on that are pretty attractive right now. So one thing that we could look at is actually using cash to purchase airplanes as well.
Savi Syth: Got it, all right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Thomson Reuters we have Jeffrey Dastin on the line. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Dastin: Hi, thank you so much. Just a follow on that last point. Could you add some more color on how much you're willing to spend the savings to purchase new aircraft?
James Compton: I'm sorry, Jeffrey, I couldn't understand your question.
Jeffrey Dastin: My apologies. On that last question, could you add some more color on how much money -- how much you would dip into savings to purchase new aircraft? How big -- how much are you looking out in 2015?
Jeffery Smisek: Jeffrey, this is Jeff. I think perhaps we're being sort of past each other here. The question that Savi had was prepayment of debt and what John was talking about was we have debt that we can prepay, but at some level your prepaying debt that has an interest rate that's attractive that you wouldn't want to prepay. And so another use of the cash would be to use the cash to purchase aircraft as opposed to financing those aircraft, which has the effect of reducing the debt that otherwise would be on your balance sheet.
Jeffrey Dastin: Okay, thanks for clarifying that.
Jeffery Smisek: Sure.
Irene Foxhall: Okay, we'll conclude the call at this time. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland -  Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer Gregory L. Hart - Senior Vice President of Operations John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julie Yates Stewart - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings' earnings conference call for the third quarter 2014. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference facilitator for today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the meeting over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will discuss revenue and capacity. Greg will follow with an update on our operations. John will then review our costs, fleet and capital structures, after which we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn the call over to Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's release and investor update and remarks made during the -- this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan. And thank you, all, for joining us on our Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $1.1 billion, the highest quarterly profit in United's history. We earned $2.75 per diluted share, nearly double our earnings per share in the third quarter last year. We had good revenue and cost performance in the quarter. Our revenue results demonstrate the progress we're making in our revenue management, network and express operation, while our solid cost performance largely reflects the early results of Project Quality, designed to deliver $2 billion of annual cost savings by 2017. During the quarter, we also returned $220 million in cash to our shareholders under our $1 billion share buyback program. I want to thank our employees for their hard work during the summer and for their skills in responding to the multi-week outage of the Aurora en route FAA facility, which significantly affected our operations. They did a great job responding and handling the effects on our customers, and I'm proud of them. So far this year, we've made a number of improvements to our operations, and we'll continue to focus on our reliability and product. Our goal is to deliver flyer-friendly service, a competitive product and competitive margins. We're continuing to take steps to improve the customer experience for our passengers, including installing in-flight satellite-based WiFi and streaming video on our mainline fleet as well as adding WiFi and streaming video on our 2-cabin regional fleet. As of today, we have WiFi in more than half of our mainline aircraft, nearly 200 of which are equipped with streaming video. By the end of the year, 2/3 of the mainline fleet will have WiFi and we will have begun installation on our 2-cabin regional fleet. Our progress this quarter shows that our plan is working. We're excited about the opportunities ahead, and this management team is committed to executing in each area of the business to realize this company's potential. We will continue to make progress against our plan and will take all appropriate actions to generate the level of earnings we and our shareholders expect. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. First, I'd also like to recognize our employees for running an ever-improving airline this quarter. I appreciate our employees' commitment to providing great service to our customers. I'd also like to thank our customers for choosing United. We are making strides each day to improve your flying experience, and we appreciate your business. In the third quarter, United's consolidated PRASM grew 3.9%, on capacity growth of 0.5% year-over-year. The improvements we've made to our Pacific network continued to pay off. Our new routes to Chengdu and Taipei have both performed better than expectations. We also continue to see strong results from transforming our Narita flying and regauging our Australia routes. Additionally, high demand for our China service during this -- during the peak summer travel season helped offset pressure from the continued industry capacity growth. Our trans-Atlantic flying was also able to absorb the additional competitive capacity and performed better than expected in the third quarter, largely driven by strong premium cabin bookings, particularly in London. Although the trans-Atlantic entity has experienced several recent pressures, including Middle East unrests; the Ukrainian conflict; and more recently, concern about Ebola, we have not seen any meaningful impact on bookings to date. In the Latin America markets, particularly deep South America, we exceeded our expectations, recovering more quickly from the World Cup slowdown than we initially anticipated. In the third quarter, revenue from our total corporate portfolio, including our rapidly growing PerksPlus product, grew approximately 5%. Ancillary revenue continued to grow in the third quarter, increasing approximately 11% per passenger and keeping us on track to achieve $3 billion in ancillary revenue in 2014. During the quarter, Economy Plus revenue increased by double digits due to enhanced pricing optimization and a lower refund rate. We decreased the refund rate by implementing an improved solution for reseating customers during aircraft swaps. Additionally, we recently began to sell Economy Plus through the Amadeus and Sabre distribution systems, allowing our travel management partners and travel agencies to seamlessly book extra-legroom seats for our customers, further driving additional Economy Plus sales. We are pleased with the progress we're making on improving our revenue thus far, and we still have many more opportunities to optimize the value of our network. On the last earnings call, I introduced our three-pronged approach to growing passenger revenue: enhancing our revenue management processes, optimizing our network and schedule and improving our United Express operation. I'd like to provide you with an update on each of these areas. First, in revenue management, our booking curve optimization initiative increased third quarter PRASM by 1 point. Additionally, our recently restructured premium cabin fares on many of our domestic and short-haul Latin flights added 0.5 point of PRASM in the third quarter and increased the premium payload factor on these routes by 12 points year-over-year to 40%. Second, our recent changes to the network and schedule are improving the bottom line as well. In the second quarter, for example, we significantly reduced flying from Cleveland and realized the full effects of this change to the network in the third quarter. We expect the run rate annual benefit of this change to be approximately $60 million. We are making progress on other network and schedule initiatives, including our redesign of the flight bank structure at our hubs in Chicago, Denver and Houston. We implemented the newly rebanked schedule in Denver at the end of September, and we'll follow with Houston late this year and Chicago in March of 2015. This phased rebanking will allow for optimal peaking across the network during the high-demand summer period next year. Additionally, we continue to increase the seasonality of our flying. We view seasonal shaping as an additional step in our commitment to capacity discipline. By adding more flying to the peak summer travel period and reducing flying during the lower-demand shoulder period, we expect to improve our yield over the full year. This will be most notable in the trans-Atlantic markets. For example, in July 2015, we will fly over 40% more trans-Atlantic capacity compared to February 2015, while we expect our full year trans-Atlantic capacity in 2015 to continue to reflect appropriate capacity discipline. We expect this seasonal sculpting of capacity to generate almost 0.5 point of PRASM improvement in our trans-Atlantic entity for the full year of 2015. This quarter, we launched a new initiative to consolidate departure frequencies throughout the network. Frequency consolidation will reduce costs, improve reliability, improve the product offering and provide more premium seating. As an example, in January, with our Denver-to-Minneapolis route, we are reducing service from 5 flights per day, comprised of a mix of express and mainline aircraft, to 4 flights per day, comprised exclusively of mainline flying on weekdays. In this example, we are only increasing our daily seats by 3% while increasing seats per departure by approximately 30%. We've already implemented similar changes in other routes in Chicago and Newark. The effect of these changes will be seen throughout the network, as we plan on increasing gauge by 5% in 2015 while reducing departures by 3%. The effect will be most pronounced in Chicago, which we will -- which will see average daily departures drop approximately up to 8% and seats per departure increase up to 10% in some months. This not only drives efficiency-related margin improvement but also helps to better manage the congested airspace around O'Hare. Third, we continue to make good progress on improving our United Express operation. This quarter, we announced that we will add 50 incremental 2-cabin E175s to our fleet and we will remove 31 Q400 propeller aircraft, beginning in 2015. Including these regional fleet changes, we expect to have 85 E175s in our fleet by the end of next year. Our continued progression to more modern, consistent, fuel-efficient and larger-gauge regional aircraft will improve the operational and revenue performance of our express operation while substantially improving our product offering. For each 50-seat aircraft an E175 is replacing, we expect to generate over $1 million of annual improved profitability. In summary, we are pleased with the initial progress of our three-pronged revenue initiative, but we recognize that it will take some time before we realize the full benefits. Before turning to fourth quarter revenue guidance, I would first like to remind you of a 1.5 point PRASM tailwind we received in the fourth quarter of 2013. As we explained in our fourth quarter 2013 traffic releases, this tailwind was due to certain interline ticket reconciliations. As this was onetime in nature, we will be facing a 1.5 point PRASM headwind in the fourth quarter this year. Taking this into account, we expect our unit revenue to be essentially flat in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The domestic entity continues to display strong demand in the fourth quarter. Continued capacity discipline has supported consistent unit revenue growth in the last several quarters, and we expect domestic strength to continue into the fourth quarter. The Atlantic region is demonstrating improved capacity discipline in the winter period. In the Atlantic, we expect that the United joint venture with Lufthansa and Air Canada will reduce trans-Atlantic capacity by approximately 0.5% this winter, with United down 3%. As previously mentioned, our Pacific strategy is yielding solid results. However, we continue to see roughly 20% competitive capacity growth between the U.S. from both Shanghai and Beijing, which is putting pressure on our unit revenue performance as peak summer demand tapers off. Additionally, the weakening yen is applying renewed pressure on our Narita flying. We expect the combination of these 2 factors, as well as increasing stage lengths due to our newly launched margin-accretive Pacific routes, to provide approximately 1.5% headwind to our consolidated PRASM performance for the fourth quarter. In spite of these challenges, the Pacific remains a solidly profitable entity for United and continues to be one of the fastest-growing regions in the world. United is the best-positioned U.S. carrier to capitalize on this growth in the future. In the Latin markets, we will grow our capacity in the fourth quarter, along with many of our peers. We expect to grow our seasonal capacity by double digits in the high-demand fourth quarter, driven primarily by capacity expansion in the beach markets. This fourth quarter, seasonal growth allows us to more opportunistically and efficiently redeploy marginal capacity from elsewhere in the network on a seasonal and day-of-week basis. However, as is often the case with significant capacity additions, we expect to face PRASM pressure in the Latin entity in the fourth quarter but believe these additions will be profit maximizing for the overall network. Turning to our consolidated capacity. We expect our consolidated capacity in the fourth quarter to grow 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year. As we look toward 2015, we expect to grow consolidated capacity by 1.5% to 2.5% for the full year, with 0.5% to 1.5% growth in our domestic entity. This growth will be very efficient. Approximately half of this growth will come from the installation of slimline seats and up-gauging of aircraft. The remaining growth will come largely from increasing the utilization of our fleet as our improving operation permits us to reduce spares and the completion of aircraft modification programs allows us to return aircraft to regular service. At United, we remain committed to growing capacity below GDP, as we believe this strategy will generate the best opportunity for margin expansion. In conclusion, I am pleased with our continued improvement in revenue management, network planning and our express operation, and am excited about the many significant opportunities we have ahead of us. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory L. Hart: Thanks, Jim. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their tremendous efforts in the third quarter. This quarter presented many unexpected operational challenges, like the fire at the FAA facility in Aurora, and we appreciate their hard work and dedication to transforming United into a more efficient flyer-friendly airline. At United, we are reinventing the airline from an operational standpoint and are focused on becoming better and more efficient in everything we do. Over the last year, we have transformed our approach to the business. We don't take past practices as a given. Instead, we challenge ourselves to find new and better ways for everything we do each and every day. When we talk about reinventing the business from an operations perspective, we think of it in 3 broad categories: reducing variability, leveraging technology to improve our handling of irregular operations and streamlining and simplifying our operations. We have many initiatives underway to reduce the variability in our operations. One example is more effectively positioning spare parts into the appropriate stations where they are needed. Through this effort, we've reduced spare parts-related cancellations in the third quarter by more than 20% year-over-year. This improvement in reliability allows us to reduce the number of spare aircraft, which in turn improves fleet utilization and revenue. We are also taking steps to improve our reaction to and recovery from irregular operations, which are largely driven by weather and air traffic control delays. Our goal is to more effectively run the operation during irregular events and then rebuild our airline as soon as the event passes. To improve the operation during such events, we are deploying technology solutions to more strategically cancel flights in more opportunistically route passengers around impacted regions. We are also developing new mobile tools for our airport agents to more quickly assist passengers during irregular operations. For example, these tools will allow roaming agents to scan boarding passengers in order to quickly assist passengers in determining optimal rerouting opportunities. We also have significant opportunities to streamline and simplify our operations. There are numerous initiatives underway focused on driving efficiencies through simplification. As mentioned on the previous earnings call, we are reducing the number of express carriers operating in each hub. At the same time, we are reducing express fleet combinations in several airports. As an example, in Washington Dulles, we are going from 8 express aircraft types down to 5. These simplification efforts allow us to reduce the number of express maintenance spaces by nearly 25% through base consolidation. While we are proud of the improvements we are making in the operation, we're excited about the many opportunities we have to make us a more reliable and efficient airline. With our assets, dedicated employees and ability to execute, we expect to continue to improve our operation over the coming quarters. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Greg. And thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. I want to reiterate my appreciation to the United team for their hard work this quarter. Throughout the company, our employees are making meaningful improvements to United, and I appreciate their efforts. Today, we reported $1.1 billion of pretax income for the third quarter. Our third quarter earnings per diluted share were $2.75, nearly double our earnings per share in the third quarter of last year. Our return on invested capital over the trailing 12-month period reached 12.3%, the highest result in the last 3 years. Our operating margin was 11.7% and our pretax margin was 10.2%, both more than 450 basis points higher than last year. We're pleased with the continued financial improvement we've made, and we're excited about our opportunity to significantly grow earnings. We are all working hard to increase our revenue and improve our efficiency to generate the level of earnings we and our shareholders expect. Our third quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 1% year-over-year. We are continuing to make good progress on our Project Quality initiative. This year, we expect to achieve nearly $200 million of fuel savings and now expect over $300 million of nonfuel savings. Our full year estimate for both of these numbers has increased with each quarter this year as we continued to perform better than our original expectations. A key component of the nonfuel savings is productivity, and we continue to make great progress in this area. This quarter, we improved productivity by 4%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter in which our productivity has increased, keeping us on track to achieve our 2014 goal of a 3% improvement. We expect fourth quarter nonfuel CASM to increase between 1.25% and 2.25%, resulting in a full year CASM estimate in line with our original guidance despite a 1 point reduction in our capacity projection that we provided at the beginning of the year. In the third quarter, we returned $220 million to shareholders through a combination of an accelerated share repurchase program and open-market transactions. We are pleased with the early progress we've made on our $1 billion share buyback program, and we will continue to opportunistically repurchase shares over the coming quarters. We're making good progress improving our balance sheet. In the third quarter, we redeemed the entire $800 million of our 6.75% secured notes. At the same time, we closed on a transaction under our existing $1.9 billion credit facility, in which we increased the size of our undrawn revolver by $350 million to a total of $1.35 billion and also issued an additional $500 million tranche of term loan debt. We've also made meaningful progress in reducing our convertible debt. Earlier this month, we retired all $248 million of our 6% convertible preferred securities due in 2030. We also issued a redemption notice for the remaining $56 million of our 6% convertible debt due in 2029. Furthermore, in January 2015, the $202 million outstanding of our 4.5% convertible notes will mature. Following that maturity, we will no longer have any outstanding convertible debt. This represents a $1.9 billion reduction in convertible debt since the merger. These transactions are representative of our stated long-term goal to reduce gross debt to $15 billion while maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter were $493 million, and in the fourth quarter, we expect to spend approximately $1 billion. We plan to take delivery of 5 737-900ERs, 1 787-8, 1 787-9 and 11 E175s in the quarter. Apart from the additional E175s that Jim already mentioned, earlier in the quarter, we announced an agreement with Boeing to convert 7 787-8s delivering between 2017 and 2018 into larger, more efficient 787-10s that will be delivered in 2022 and beyond. In addition, we recently decided to retain 11 767-300ER aircraft that we had originally planned to retire and will invest in these aircraft with new interiors, winglets and reliability modifications to extend the useful life of these aircraft into the next decade. In addition, we continue to explore the used-aircraft market to find suitable aircraft that will allow us to reduce CapEx and rightsize our fleet without substantially increasing fleet complexity. For example, we recently reached an agreement to purchase 2 used 737-700s to backfill flying as 50-seaters exit the fleet. These changes to the fleet plan demonstrate our discipline in managing our capital allocation. I'm encouraged by our third quarter performance and the progress we're making to expand revenue, reduce costs, improve the balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. Through these actions, we're expanding earnings and demonstrating our commitment to increasing shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, John. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker on the line.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: GDP forecasts keep changing on an almost daily basis. Can you just talk about the leverage you have to adjust capacity either if GDP slows from current forecasts for next year, or accelerates?
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. We have a history of creating a flexible fleet plan. And that is, clearly, as we head into 2015, we have the ability to adjust our capacity to economic changes. We kind of gauge GDP forecast based on consensus out there, so you're right, it does move around, but we do have the ability, with utilization of the aircraft, working really closely with our tech ops team to more finely tune when we can do work on airplanes, to also adjust to that. So the history of a flexible fleet plan continues for us, and we have great flexibility to adjust to the economic environment, and we will. We'll -- it is about keeping demand and capacity in line, and that's what we're really focused on.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up question to that capacity comment you made about Chicago going to more seats per departure and fewer departures per day. Are you worried that competitors will come in and backfill what you're doing with additional capacity?
John D. Rainey: Helane, it's really -- it's obviously a very competitive business that we're in. And so that schedule that we'll be building in Chicago will be a very attractive schedule to the business passenger as well as the leisure passenger. So we're confident with the seat growth that we applied by up-gauging that we'll be very competitive in the market.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker on the line.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You basically halved the operating margin deficit relative to Delta, but it looks like you're guiding for a bit of slippage in the fourth quarter. You have explained why. That's fine. If we'd set aside the first quarter of next year, where we at least hope that you're going to have ridiculously easy weather comps, in what quarter next year do you expect the initiatives that you've been talking about here to be showing the most relative momentum to the industry? And furthermore, do you have an internal target as to where you'd want your relative margins to be by the end of next year? And I'm not trying to pry guidance out of you. I'm just curious as to whether you believe you can achieve margin parity with other best-in-class operators. If you think you can, when?
John D. Rainey: Jamie, this is John. I'll tell you I can't predict necessarily what other carriers are going to do. I'm going to tell you that we're focused on United Airlines and what we can do to create value for our shareholders. We recognize we have some further improving to do. This was a record profit for us this quarter. Our guidance in the fourth quarter would lead you to what is also a record profit for United in the fourth quarter. We talked about our desire to make money in the first quarter, and we want to continue to expand earnings. We are only about 25% of the way through our Project Quality initiative. We're in the very early stages of our revenue initiative. And so we think that we've got a lot of improvement, a lot of opportunity in front of us. We would all like to close that margin gap as soon as possible. I promise you that the team here is extremely focused on it. We don't like our relative place in the industry. That's a fact. And we think that we've got a lot of opportunity to improve.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Excellent. And a follow-up for Jim Compton. Ultimately, Jim, what solved the China problem? And I only ask because, again bringing up Delta, I think they have a decent solution for Tokyo longer term. It's called Seattle. But in your case, it's tough for me to see what you can actually do about China until such time that your competitors there suddenly wake up and choose to focus on returns. I mean, is there a better Chinese strategy other than simply hope?
James E. Compton: Jamie, we're -- obviously, China is a big part of our network and very profitable part of our network. It's a very strong, growing part of the world. From a demand perspective, we continue to expect that. So our footprint there, we think, is the best positioned. I'll tell you we don't -- our strategy is well beyond hope. And if you think about the things that we're doing with the flexibility of our fleet, the 787 San Francisco to Chengdu is a perfect example of that, that we're tapping into that growth in China in ways that, quite frankly, our competitors can't as we continue to match capacity and demand. So we call it our second phase of our Pacific. That's combined with what we're doing in Tokyo with our JV partner to put the flying out of Narita, work with them much close down [ph] the connections, but as it is in China, we're well positioned. And we feel we have lots of opportunity to do well as that market continues to grow.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there much regulatory appetite for potential JV immunization with Chinese carriers?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Jamie, this is Jeff. We're not going to be able to get JVs with, for example, our partner in China until China goes open skies, as that -- but with whatever period of time it takes. Clearly, that's something we would be keenly interested in were we do have the regulatory authority to do that, but we don't have that yet.
James E. Compton: And Jamie, I would add to Jeff's comments. Working with their [ph] China, some of the success of Chengdu being ahead of our expectations is the connections that they're building for us in Chengdu. So we'll continue to work that from an alliance perspective with our Star partners.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: A question for John. I don't mean for this to sound antagonistic at all, I don't, but I can't think of another way to ask it. So if a company doesn't qualify for hedge accounting, doesn't that mean that the company is just speculating with commodity derivatives that don't correlate to the price of the commodities that they use?
John D. Rainey: Not necessarily, Jamie. The accounting rules around getting hedge accounting treatment, I'll give you one example. If you don't have an equal number of bought and sold call and put positions, that doesn't allow you to get hedge accounting. You have to -- so for example, if you did a caller -- a bought call and a sold put, you get hedge accounting, but if you were to then go out and mitigate the costs of that by selling a call at the high end, say, a $140 Brent [ph], that precludes you being able to get hedge accounting. I'll tell you that our hedge philosophy here is one of risk management. This is our single largest expense. It represents $12 billion to $13 billion for us annually. We think that taking some risk off the table in the near term is a prudent thing to do. We've -- I -- we've had this discussion before with you. I know that, philosophically, we agree that, long term, the industry needs to be able to adjust capacity and, therefore, its prices to compensate for its price inputs. Given the nature of our business, that we sell tickets 330 days in advance, that we schedule employees for many months in advance sometimes, it's difficult to adjust capacity in the very near term, which is why our hedge position is more heavily weighted call set.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: And a little bit more on the previous question. In terms of open skies with China, Jeff, do you believe that a pacing item for open skies to occur -- because if you look at prior open skies agreements with the Japanese and with the EU, it's some sort of free-market concept for slot-controlled airports, so is it fair to assume that we should pretty much never assume China is ever going to grant open skies because they're not going to relinquish control over slots at Beijing and Shanghai?
Jeffery A. Smisek: I don't know. It's a good question, Hunter, and I don't know the answer to it. I think that, that's going to require work by U.S. carriers pushing our own government to be flexible and to make sure that there are a fair allocation of slots to U.S. carriers. And as I -- as you allude to, our government's experience with Japan, in particular with Haneda, is a good example of that. That's a difficult process. What I -- I wasn't predicting necessarily a near-term open skies agreement with China. I was just saying that, if there were one, it would be necessary. That's a predicate to having a joint venture.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg on the line.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple here. Jim, appreciate that you gave us the quarterly PRASM guide and highlighted the headwind. Can you give us maybe an early read on October? And I'm asking because I know, last year, we did have the government shutdown. And as I recall, I think that was a -- maybe it was a 1 point, 1.5 points headwind. Any color on October, how things are shaping up?
James E. Compton: Mike, to be -- we're not -- don't comment on a specific month, but you're right just in terms of last year with the government shutdown in the beginning of the month and then it's coming back about October 16 last year. There was clearly, from a government traffic as well as business traffic associated with government-type fares, strength year-over-year in that area. And we did see that so far in October. We're now back to year-over-year where the government shutdown was over.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just my second question, on the seasonal shaping. As we move into the early part of 2015, conceptually, it does make a lot of sense to really ramp up when demand is strongest, but given the adjustments there on capacity, you highlighted the trans-Atlantic numbers, can you talk about just some of the potential execution risks here? I mean is this -- could we see this go very wrong? Or do you feel like you have the systems, the controls, the ability to move people around? I mean I know there've been some structural changes, like on how you staff up at airports, for example, and the way some of the new contracts have been structured. I mean just highlight some of the things that we should be looking for so that we know that -- to go from X to X plus 20% on capacity, in particular markets, that you're operating well.
James E. Compton: Mike, this is Jim again. The -- what we're doing with the seasonal capacity turn [ph] is a process internally that we've started a long time ago. And by that, I mean the network planning group has worked hand-in-hand with our operations folks. Because you're right, there is a lot of coordination in terms of having utilization of the aircraft there, the crews and so forth; and the ability for the stations to handle the schedule. So we're really confident where we're at in this because the process began a long time ago and we're right on time line for the execution to go very well. And we're excited about it because, obviously, that peak summer demand will drive -- for the full year, we talk about adding 0.5 point of PRASM to our trans-Atlantic entity in 2015 with this network change that we're doing.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have a John Godyn on the line.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one on costs and one on capacity. First, on costs. John, you had some good commentary about how you're tracking versus the cost-reduction plan that was announced toward the end of 2013. I'm curious if you could just speak to whether opportunities are being pushed forward or outright upside to the plan is being created and how we might revise the sort of $1 billion fuel and $1 billion x fuel numbers if in fact there is now being sort of upside being found?
John D. Rainey: John, it's a good question. And I would characterize our progress thus far as really more -- the opportunity has been greater than what we expected on the initiatives that we've embarked on rather than sliding forward initiatives. There have been some exceptions, but they -- those go both ways. When you get into this, some things take longer than you expect, and some things, you can accelerate. But generally, what we've seen is, where there had been opportunities, we've exceeded our expectations. And I really credit the employees for this. This is just, across-the-board, you see every single work group where there's a real drive for efficiency. I'll give you an example: In the third quarter, overtime in our maintenance group was about 2 points better year-over-year. And that doesn't really mean much just in terms of dollars in that statement, but 1 point in overtime change for maintenance is about $10 million to $12 million annually. And this is just really running a better, more efficient operation, and you see that in the bottom line. And that's one example. We see it in our res [ph] group. We see it in our airport groups. We've got better staffing with our flight attendants. There's really a huge drive across the company, and clearly, everyone is on board.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And if this is really sort of -- momentum and a cultural dynamic in the background, it sounds like it could last even for the next few years. I wonder, is it possible that, by the end of this plan, we find that we're hundreds of millions of dollars above the $1 billion x fuel and $1 billion fuel that you outlined at the end of 2013?
Jeffery A. Smisek: John, this is Jeff. I mean one of the things -- the point you make is a very good point. One thing is that this Project Quality is designed to deliver $2 billion of efficiencies annual cost savings by 2017, but it's not going to end in 2017. What we're instilling here is a culture of efficiency and continuous improvement, something that this industry has woefully lacked, candidly. And so we have -- we -- this is a first step of what we're doing. We have a lot of confidence in achieving our -- the goals that we set forth at in November of 2013, but it won't stop in 2017. This is a way of thinking. This is a way of questioning how and why we do things and how we can do things more efficiently, better for our employees, better for our customers and clearly better for our bottom line.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And if I could just ask a question on capacity. Jim, you offered a lot of sort of tactical commentary in the short term about how you're managing different market dynamics, but when I think about the 2015 guidance and the fact that you're still growing a bit faster in international than in domestic, I just wonder. Is there appetite for maybe more structural change to how you think about international versus domestic? Because your overweight position in international still comes up as one of the largest risk factors, at least in my conversations with investors.
James E. Compton: John, this is Jim. Your -- the capacity guidance, let me put a little context around the international piece of 2015 because, as we've talked a lot about the seasonal shaping of trans-Atlantic, that really implies really low single-digit capacity growth for the Atlantic entity in 2015. As you think about Latin America, in terms of routes that make a lot of sense for us to complete our portfolio, we are beginning this year adding Houston-to-Santiago. It's, for a long time, been a big ask from our corporate partners, to serve that market. So we're very excited about it. So 2015, in that sense, becomes a run rate of that new market that we're very excited about. So it's very strategic in terms of what we're trying to do from a business side. We also are starting in this year Denver-to-Panama, and so the run rate of that market is also going to grow. And then the rest is -- what I mentioned in my script is we're seeing really strong demands in the beach markets. And so for instance, we can take a Chicago-LaGuardia trip on a Saturday and fly from Chicago to Cancun on that same Saturday. And well, it generates a lot of incremental capacity into Latin America, but from a margin perspective, it's actually very accretive. So the way we think of this of all is in the context of what we're trying to do strategically: beat capacity discipline, build on our strengths and do that with different levers. And one of the levers is some of the seasonality. And so when you think about the Latin, you kind of get into mid-single-digit type of growth in that area with what I described. In the Pacific, just to close that out, we're really excited about starting L.A.-Melbourne this year, and you're going to have the run rate of that. And again, it's as much about ultimately getting out of our tag Sydney-to-Melbourne. That is very expensive for us to operate but allows us to serve Melbourne. The 787-9 becomes the great airplane to South [ph] that will help out run rate capacity in there. And then we have the run rate of San Francisco to Chengdu and San Fran to Taipei on capacity that I have already noted is running ahead of expectations. That kind of gets us in the mid-single digits in the Pacific. So the international capacity, we think fits very well with our capacity discipline, although because of the run rate and some of the things we're doing to beach markets, generates capacity next year at the levels that maybe you're inferring.
Operator: From Crdit Suisse, we have Julie Yates on the line.
Julie Yates Stewart - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I realize it's a little early to be giving 2015 cost guidance and you guys are still in the middle of your budgeting process, but from a high level, how should we be thinking about the nonfuel unit cost growth in 2015, especially in light of the fact that Project Quality seems to be going a little bit better than you originally expected?
John D. Rainey: Julie, we've characterized our cost goal as being one where we expect to grow nonfuel costs at something less than inflation. And I appreciate that's a little bit vague, as inflation can bounce around. It's a long-term goal, and we may see that. We may see cost pressures from 1 year to the next, which will cause that to vary. We are, as Jim alluded to, growing more next year than what we did this year. It's obviously easier to keep that number lower, as you're supported by some growth. So we're sticking to that goal. We'll give more clarity at -- over the coming quarter about what our 2015 number is, but we're extremely encouraged by the early progress that we've seen this year. I talked about in my prepared remarks the fact that, despite capacity coming down a full point versus our original expectations, we've been able to hit our cost goals. And so I expect that to bleed over to 2015, and the same performance that we've seen this year will continue into the next year.
Julie Yates Stewart - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on labor. Is there any update on reaching a single contract with either the flight attendant or the technician groups?
Gregory L. Hart: This is Greg. We remain in negotiations with our flight attendants. And I'm sure you all saw that we went [indiscernible] our programs [ph] with our flight attendants, which has been very, very well received. And we help -- we hope that is a bridge for an agreement with our flight attendants, which we expect to have happen sometime next year. We are still working with our technicians and obviously are very focused on getting a deal done with those folks as soon as we can as well.
Julie Yates Stewart - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then how much of a tailwind on labor productivity is it to reach the single contract on the flight attendant side?
John D. Rainey: I'm not sure I understand your question, Julie.
Julie Yates Stewart - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Once you get to the single contract with the flight attendants, I would imagine that you'll be able to recognize greater labor productivity from staffing.
John D. Rainey: Right, well, the specifics of the contract, we're still working on. Obviously, we -- there are some inefficiencies just in our system today by having 2 separate collective bargaining agreements with the inefficiencies of staffing, transportation cost, hotels, things like that. So we do expect some benefit from that, but we haven't necessarily quantified that.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth on the line.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of fuel questions, if I could. This move down we've had here, 2 90 [ph] to 2 40 [ph], 2 50 [ph] jet, before taxes and fees, a pretty sharp move. How has that changed your plans, if at all, for 2015 or maybe for the fourth quarter? Does that sort of relate at all to sort of the stage length increase, which is probably implied by that fuel efficiency? And then could you just give us a sense for where you are from a hedge book perspective and the degree to which you're participating in this downward move into 2015?
John D. Rainey: Sure. So let me take the last part of your question first, if that's okay. For the fourth quarter, we're 39% hedged. And over the next 12 months, we're about 35% hedged. In terms of our participation, in the fourth quarter, we are participating about 70% to the upside and the downside in fuel movements. And for the 2015, that's more like 80%. So help -- hopefully that helps. In terms of our hedge strategy, our hedge strategy is, part of it has been to be responsive to the overall fuel market. And over the last few years, you've seen that fuel has been relatively ranged bound, and our hedge portfolio has reflected that fact. And I think we fared better than any of our competitors over that period of time. We've seen fuel break out of that range, and I think we're very early on in this. We will look to see if it stabilizes and a new trading band develops, and then our hedge structure will respond to that.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then maybe I missed it. Have you offered CapEx guidance for next year yet?
John D. Rainey: We have not. We did talk about at Investor Day last year, Duane, our long-term goal of about $2.8 billion to $3 billion over the next few years. We have made some changes. I talked a little bit about some of the changes we've made from a fleet perspective. So that, we would expect that number to move around a little bit. But we'll give you more guidance on that as we get closer to year-end.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I -- it sounds like -- correct me if I'm wrong. It sounds like that pushed some aircraft out, so maybe the bias on that is down. And then just lastly, on the buyback, I think, when you initially announced it, $1 billion over 3 years, and you've taken down over $200 million in the first quarter, so it looks like you'll finish that in a year. Can you just give us a sense for when you would choose to update us on the authorization and how we should be thinking about that timing?
John D. Rainey: Well, we're going to take this in steps, Duane. I'm pleased with the fact that we're almost 1/4 of the way through this early on. We've seen some -- a lot of volatility in the market, and it has created some buying opportunities for us. We still think this is a great way to return cash to shareholders given where our stock is trading right now, but I've emphasized before, this is a first step. And when we complete this, or get close to completion, we'll come back to the market with our next step, but I'm not prepared to talk any more about that at this point in time.
Operator: And from Barclays, we have David Fintzen on the line.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe a question for John. Just appreciate maybe getting a little ahead of '15 here, but if I look at your absolute nonfuel cost growth, in the last few quarters, you've kept it right around 1 [ph], if not below, in some quarters. As we get out to '15, and obviously there's still a lot to go on Project Quality, are there some other inflationary cost pressures that tick up in '15 versus '14 that would materially start to change that absolute cost profile? Or -- I'm just trying to think through some of the moving pieces into next year.
John D. Rainey: Good question, David. There are a couple headwinds. I do not expect it to change that profile. The best example I can give you right now relates to pension. So the discount rate that we use today to discount the liabilities in our pension is about 5.1%. The preliminary look for next year, it looks like it'll be closer to 4.3%, so that will create between $50 million and $100 million of headwind for us next year. There's also an update to the mortality tables for pensions, which is not reflected in our current numbers. But that said, even with those headwinds, we expect to achieve the type of cost performance that we've outlined, so I don't expect it to change the profile that you alluded to.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then maybe a quick one for Jim, on the China -- on the Chinese capacity growth. It's obviously coming from a lot of arguably lesser-known brands from a U.S. perspective. How effective are some of these carriers at competing in the U.S. point of sale?
James E. Compton: Well, clearly, their point of sale is more a Chinese point of sale. And -- but I like to -- every competitor is a good competitor, and our goal in competing is to obviously operate and do -- at a really high reliability rate, with a great product. And -- but our point of sale on the U.S. side is stronger than the Chinese point of sale, and you have that dynamic for them also on their side. And clearly, you're right, they're building a brand presence as they grow their presence into the U.S. And so United, with since 1986 being in the market in China, has a strong presence over there to date.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Thomson Reuters, we have Jeffrey Dastin on the line.
Jeffrey Dastin: Could you elaborate on the 787-10's conversion? Will there essentially be deferred 787 deliveries?
John D. Rainey: Well, our current plan is to defer the deliveries that we expected to take in 2017 and '18 into 2022. We still do hold option positions. Jeff -- or rather, Jim alluded to the fact that fleet flexibility is something that's very important for us to be able to respond to the economic environment yet still do so in a capacity-disciplined manner. But that was the move that we've recently made, yes.
Operator: From Flightglobal Media, we have Edward Russell on the line.
Edward Russell: Could you elaborate a bit more on the -- looking at used aircraft, first of all, where the 737s you purchased are coming from? And then also, are you looking for narrowbodies, or widebodies?
John D. Rainey: Sure. The 737-700s that we obtained were from a leasing company. I don't want to comment on any further on the airline that they came from. But the other part of your question: At this point, we're really more focused on narrowbody lift. Part of the issue that we're solving for is, today, we are too reliant on the 50-seat RJ. It's -- it creates some operational complexities, but there's also, I think, a looming shortage with respect to pilots being able to fly some of those as we look at some of the changes in the training requirements. So what we want to do is backfill some of that capacity in a financially disciplined way. We don't necessarily want to go out and place a brand-new aircraft order that creates several billion dollars more of CapEx. We've talked a lot about having a balanced allocation of cash flow. So this is a way, by looking at the used-aircraft market, that we can still backfill some of that capacity, more narrowbody focused, but do it while still addressing the other cash flow needs that we have.
Edward Russell: All right. And can we infer also that you're looking for aircraft that are currently in your fleet, or models at least?
John D. Rainey: That's accurate. Any time you look at adding a plane or a new fleet type, there's some complexity with that. There has been some discussion about the 190s. That's something that is on the radar candidly as well. But certainly, if you look at our narrowbody fleet with the Airbus A319s, A320s, the new Jin 737s, those are all planes that fit the profile that we could easily accommodate into our fleet.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay, thanks, everybody. We'll conclude now. We appreciate you all joining us on the call. Please call media relations if you have any further questions. And we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland -  Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory L. Hart - Senior Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Joseph W. DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Savanthi Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2014. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining us in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review operational performance, revenue and capacity. John will follow with a discussion of our cost, fleet and capital structure. After which, we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update, and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed by the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the table at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you, all, for joining us on our second quarter 2014 earnings call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $921 million, an increase of more than $300 million year-over-year. We earned $2.34 per diluted share, a 49% increase, versus of the second quarter of last year. We're pleased that our second quarter unit revenue performance exceeded our initial guidance, and that our quarterly nonfuel unit cost decreased year-over-year. Our second quarter financial performance reflects the progress we're making on initiatives we've been implementing over the last few quarters. Our revenue management and network improvements are delivering as expected. We're exhibiting excellent cost control. We're making disciplined aircraft investments that are improving our fuel efficiency, and we're continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. While we're pleased with the progress we made during the quarter, our entire management team is focused on continuing to improve our overall financial performance. We have a strong plan in place and our team is committed to executing against it. We are working to accelerate our revenue growth. We have a tremendous set of assets, and we'll take the appropriate actions with our network and fleet to maximize the revenue we produce from those assets. In a few minutes, Jim will walk you through the steps we're taking to optimize our network, regional operation and revenue management, all with the goal of improving our revenue and margin performance. At the same time, we continue to execute on Project Quality, our $2 billion annual cost savings program, to make meaningful gains in quality and efficiency. Our employees have played a large part in this initiative, and I thank them for identifying and implementing durable, high-quality improvements across our business. I ascribe much of our excellent second quarter unit cost performance to the progress we're making in this area, and I'm confident that our team will continue to execute at a high level going forward. In what is perhaps the clearest demonstration of our confidence and our ability to achieve the goals of a long-term plan we laid out at our Investor Day last fall, we announced this morning $1 billion share repurchase program, which we expect to complete within the next 3 years. We've made significant progress improving our overall capital structure, and initiating a shareholder return program is another step towards achieving a more balanced allocation of cash flow. We are firmly committed to increasing the value we create for our shareholders, and our share repurchase program is indicative of that commitment. John will walk you through this program in greater detail in just a few minutes. During the second quarter, we faced difficult operating conditions, particularly due to multi-month runway closures at our gateway San Francisco and Newark hubs. Our team stepped up throughout, demonstrating their professionalism, running a solid operation and providing good customer service. We're focused on running a more reliable and efficient operation with a consistently high-quality product and service offering, and are confident in our ability to continue to improve in these areas. We made significant strides in the second quarter towards our goals, but recognize that we have much work ahead to achieve United's full potential. We have very experienced, highly skilled employees who are committed to our success. We'll continue to take the appropriate actions and make the necessary changes to get us to the level of earnings our shareholders and this management team expect. Now I will turn the call over to Jim and John.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. First, I'd like to reiterate Jeff's recognition of our employees for running a reliable airline this quarter, while continuing to operate more efficiently. I'd also like to thank our customers for choosing United. We are working hard every day to improve the flyer-friendly experience we deliver and we appreciate your business. In the second quarter, United's consolidated PRASM grew 3.7% on approximately flat capacity year-over-year, above our original PRASM guidance range of 1% to 3%. The improvement, relative to guidance, was primarily driven by better-than-expected performance in the Pacific and domestic regions. We've been on a path to optimize our Pacific footprint, and we're beginning to see benefits from the changes we've implemented. We're restructuring our Asia flying to leverage our West Coast hubs, flying west from Tokyo to Asian destinations; and instead, flying directly from the West Coast to secondary Asian cities. We've recently added 2 new Pacific routes, San Francisco to Taipei and San Francisco to Chengdu, and they are both performing better than expected. We've also optimized our 747 deployment after investing in the fleet's reliability last year. As part of the 747 optimization, we've more appropriately matched capacity with demand in Australia by downgauging our flying to 777 aircraft, and we saw a double-digit PRASM increase in Australia in the second quarter. In addition, we experienced better-than-anticipated yields this quarter in China, despite the added competitive capacity, with yields in China slightly positive year-over-year. We expect this positive trend to continue through the peak summer months. Although we anticipate that accelerating industry capacity growth in China will put pressure on yields after the seasonal peak. That said, we are seeing the benefits of the actions we've taken to grow our leading Pacific franchise, and we'll continue to take the appropriate steps to build on this area of strength for United. In the second quarter, our consolidated domestic unit revenue grew nearly 6%. The largest unit revenue gain of all entities, driven by a solid demand environment, as well as strong execution on our revenue management initiatives. The improvements we've made to optimize our booking curve, taking fewer early bookings and holding more seat inventory for later, higher-yielding bookings drove approximately 0.75 point of consolidated PRASM growth in the second quarter. We expect to drive 1 full point of year-over-year PRASM growth in the third quarter. Additionally, we recently restructured the premium cabin fares on many of our domestic and short-haul Latin flights. This initiative drove our consolidated paid premium-cabin load factor up 5 points, to 47%, and it resulted in approximately 0.5 point of consolidated PRASM growth in the second quarter. We continue to make gains with our corporate partners. In the second quarter, revenue for large corporate accounts, which is what we've typically reported, grew by 3%, despite decreased year-over-year corporate revenue in April due to the Easter holiday shift. Additionally, we're seeing good growth from the rest of our corporate portfolio, primarily from our PerksPlus product, which is a points-based loyalty program for small- to medium-size businesses. Our overall corporate portfolio, inclusive of PerksPlus, grew approximately 6% in the second quarter. Ancillary revenue grew at a solid clip in the second quarter, increasing 7.9% per passenger. Our paid premium upgrade product performed extremely well in the second quarter, with a 28% revenue increase year-over-year. In alignment with the domestic premium cabin pricing at the time of booking, that I spoke about earlier, we've taken a similar approach with our premium cabin upgrade product. We're restructuring the prices and improving the targeting of our product and customer marketing, and are seeing a material increase in take rates and revenue as a result. As Jeff said, while we are pleased that we exceeded our guidance for the second quarter, we have significant opportunities to improve on these results. My team is intent on doing just that. We have a comprehensive effort underway to improve our revenue and margin performance. The initiative falls into 3 broad categories: network and scheduling, our regional operation and revenue management. We have identified meaningful areas of opportunity in each of these areas. And while many of the changes we'll make in these areas will yield near-term benefits, several of the changes will take a period of time to implement and drive results. I'll highlight a few of the examples of these initiatives, but be assured that we have identified and will continue to identify additional opportunities. First, in the network and scheduling area. We plan to redesign the flight bank structure at our Chicago hub, as well as at our Denver and Houston hubs, which we announced last quarter. We will implement these changes between the fourth quarter of this year and the spring of 2015. These changes will allow us to build more efficient, directional flows and shorten connection times. Beginning this fall, we are adding more seasonal shaping to our schedule, increasing the amount of flying we do in the seasonal peaks and decreasing our schedule during the trough periods. For example, in 2015, we expect to fly approximately 25% more capacity in July versus February, compared to just 13% in 2012. We will accomplish this by more optimally timing our maintenance visits, flight crew training and flight crew hiring. We will continue to make disciplined and thoughtful decisions regarding the comprehensive structure and performance of our overall network. As we've consistently said, each hub has to earn its place in the network, and we will make return-driven decisions regarding the optimal hub network for United. Further, we are working to maximize the utility of our gate and slot portfolio to increase the scale and operability of better performing hubs. We are excited about the long-term revenue opportunities these network and scheduling initiatives will drive. It is important to recognize that changes in this area, by their very nature, are more strategic and will take more time to implement than some of the other areas of our business. We also have a significant opportunity to optimize our regional operations. In particular, continuing to reduce the number of 50-seat aircraft in our fleet and improving the reliability of our regional flying. Over the course of this year and next, we will remove the equivalent of more than 130 50-seat regional jets from our schedule. We will replace 70 of these with 76-seat Embraer 175s that we are now taking delivery of. And many, we will not replace at all. At the beginning of this year, we flew approximately 8% of our overall capacity with 50-seat and smaller aircraft. But by the end of 2015, we expect that to decline to only 5% of our total capacity. We are also taking a number of actions to improve the reliability of our regional operation beyond simply flying fewer 50-seat jets. One particular area of focus is reducing the complexity of our regional flying by consolidating the number of regional flying partners we utilize in a given hub. We are also reducing the number of hubs from which we -- which regional partners operate. For example, today, we have 8 express operators flying out of our Washington Dulles hub, and we will reduce that to just 4 partners by this September. By concentrating on our regional operations with fewer regional carriers in a hub, we will reduce complexity and variability, and thus drive improved reliability. We expect the changes we'll make in our regional operations will have a revenue benefit, as we improve our predictability and our onboard product; as well as a cost benefit, as we'll be flying much more efficient E175s instead of 50-seat aircraft. These examples illustrate only a few of the opportunities we have to grow United's revenue. Through the enhancements we'll make to our network, our schedule, our regional operation and our approach to revenue management, we will significantly improve our revenue performance over the next 18 months. We'll provide more detail on our progress in the coming quarters. For the third quarter, we expect PRASM to grow between 2% and 4%, on capacity growth of between 0.2% and 1.2% year-over-year. For the full year, we now expect capacity to be between flat and up 1%, 1 full point lower than the guidance we provided at the beginning of 2014. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our improved performance. However, we still have significant runway ahead. My team and I are committed to improving our revenue growth, and we are very optimistic about our strategy to do so. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. I would also like to thank our employees for their efforts in the second quarter. Throughout the company, we are making long-term, sustainable improvements, and I appreciate everyone's hard work in developing and implementing these important initiatives. Today, we reported $921 million of pretax income for the second quarter, generating earnings per diluted share of $2.34. This represents a pretax margin of 8.9%, an improvement of nearly 3 points year-over-year. Additionally, in the second quarter, we generated $1.5 billion of operating cash flow, and nearly $600 million of free cash flow. While we are pleased with our improvement, we have significant opportunity to expand upon these results to generate the level of earnings we expect. Second quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, was 0.2% lower year-over-year, much better than our initial expectation for the quarter. Results from our cost-saving initiatives during the quarter exceeded our expectations, and we also renegotiated certain maintenance contracts. Additionally, some expenses we originally anticipated to incur in the second quarter shifted into the third. Year-to-date, our CASM performance have exceeded our expectations, despite the fact that we reduced our capacity by more than 1 point in the first half of the year from our initial plan for 2014. We expect this strong performance to continue in the second half of the year, with third quarter and full year nonfuel CASM each increasing between 1% and 2%. I attribute much of our good cost performance to outstanding execution of our Project Quality initiative. This initiative is designed to generate $2 billion of annual cost savings by 2017. Through Project Quality, our team is making fundamental, permanent changes to how we do business. For 2014, we expect to achieve nearly $200 million in fuel efficiency savings, and approximately $300 million in nonfuel savings from this initiative, which is at the high end of the range we previously provided. The progress we're making in this area is clearly evident in our second quarter CASM performance. One area in which we're seeing meaningful gains already is productivity. In the second quarter, we improved our productivity by 3.9% year-over-year, the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. For the full year, we are on track to improve productivity by 3%, versus 2013. Since our merger, we have evolved how we allocate capital at United. And today, we announced the next phase of our capital allocation plan with a $1 billion share repurchase program, which we expect to complete within the next 3 years. This amount represents approximately 6% of our market cap. In conjunction with this announcement, we have initiated a $200 million accelerated share repurchase program, which will be completed within the next 3 months. In addition, during the second quarter, we spent $62 million to retire convertible debt, which would've converted into 1.5 million shares of United stock. Over the last year, I have consistently talked about 2 gating items prior to initiating a shareholder return program. First, we wanted to address the $800 million, 6 3/4% secured notes, for which we now have a plan in place, and I'll speak to the details shortly. And second, we wanted to have a level of earnings and cash generation that supported the capital distribution to shareholders, and our earnings outlook does just that. At this time, we believe the best method to distribute capital to shareholders is through a share repurchase program. We have confidence in our earnings potential and believe that we are trading at a discount to our intrinsic value. As we continue to demonstrate progress against our plan, increase our earnings and further pay down debt, we will evaluate if and when we should complement our share repurchase program with a dividend. In addition to returning cash to our shareholders, our long-term capital structure goals include reducing our non-aircraft-related debt and managing total debt at approximately $15 billion, while maintaining an unrestricted liquidity balance of $5 billion to $6 billion. In the second quarter, we made $333 million of debt payments; and for the second half of 2014, we expect approximately $575 million of scheduled debt payments. We are seeing a clear benefit from the balance sheet improvements we're making. We expect our 2014 interest expense to be approximately 30% lower, versus just 4 years ago. In keeping with our goal of reducing non-aircraft debt on our balance sheet, we intend to redeem the entire $800 million of 6 3/4% secured notes. We expect that this redemption will occur this September when the notes become pre-payable at par. Also in September, we expect to close on a transaction under our existing $1.9 billion credit facility, in which we will increase the size of our undrawn revolving credit facility by $350 million to a total of $1.35 billion, and issue an additional $500 million tranche of term loan debt. These transactions will allow us to reduce our balance sheet debt and interest expense, while continuing to maintain an appropriate level of liquidity. As we look forward, our debt and capital lease payments over the next 4 years are approximately $1.1 billion annually, about half of what our annual maturities have been over the last 4 years. In addition to reducing our debt, we are making high return investments in our business. In the third quarter, we expect approximately $650 million of gross capital expenditures. We plan to take delivery of 4 737-900ERs and 2 787s, including our first 787-9 during the quarter. We introduced our first 7 highly efficient Embraer 175s in the second quarter and we expect to take an additional 12 in the third. We expect to have 70 of these operating by the end of 2015. Additionally, we are working to meaningfully reduce our capital expenditures over the next 4 years by working with the aircraft manufacturers and continuing to explore opportunities in the used aircraft market. I'm encouraged by our second quarter financial performance and by the progress in our Project Quality initiative. We expect to expand earnings year-over-year in the third quarter and to continue this momentum as we move forward. We are pleased to take an initial step toward returning cash to our shareholders, and we'll continue to make prudent, return-driven investments in our people, fleet, product and technology. Through the actions we've taken, and will continue to take, to improve our revenue and operations, our efforts to improve the efficiency and quality of everything we do and a more balanced allocation of cash flow going forward, we're creating a great foundation for increasing shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, John. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: So, John, a little bit more on the cash discussion. If we think about your CapEx being about $3 billion a year as of today, next year or in the year -- a couple of years after that, and then you got $1.1 billion in debt payments and then some degree of repo, obviously, going on, how should we think about how much debt you're going to raise, right? So I mean, are you just going to be paying down these -- the $1.1 billion of debt maturities as they come due? How much of the CapEx do you see yourself financing? How much cash comes in that you're going to raise in the capital markets? On a steady-state scenario.
John D. Rainey: Well, Hunter [ph] -- yes. As a general rule, we would expect to finance aircraft with debt. The efficiency in that market right now is outstanding. When we can raise debt at 4% to purchase assets, that's a very good use of cash, that also lowers our overall cost of capital. Where we will be opportunistic with paying down debt is in some of the non-aircraft debt categories. We still have the term loan, as well as several tranches of unsecured debt, which happens also to be at all-time low rates for the airline industry. But the key thing here, Hunter, is balance. We've evolved how we allocate cash flow since our merger. Initially after our merger, the best way to create shareholder value was to continue to delever and derisk this business. We've also made a lot of core investments in the company and in our infrastructure. And we're at a point now where we've complemented that with the first phase of capital distribution to shareholders. And going forward, we will be opportunistic in terms of paying down debt, overfunding our pension, investing in our business and continuing to deploy cash to shareholders.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, and is Greg Hart there?
John D. Rainey: Yes.
Gregory L. Hart: Yes, Hunter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Greg, I have a question for you on the regional side and, Jim, you might have some color on this, too. But I was going to ask you, and Jim, you answered a lot of it, is -- obviously, you're kind of consolidating the regional footprint a little bit. And I think a lot of United's problems over the last couple of years can be really tied back to the regional operation, whether it's just basic operational reliability, on-time performance or fleet type, whatever you want to call it. But my question is really, how much of that can you actually control? I mean, if your regional providers are showing up late or behaving badly, how much control do you really have over that? Obviously, you can fire them. But in terms of what you can do to fix it in the immediate term, what can you control and what can you not control on the regional side?
Gregory L. Hart: That's a good question, Hunter. And I think there's certainly lots of things we can control and there's investments, for example, we can make on our end that'll provide a better environment for our regional partners to operate in. For example, as a result of our experience in the first quarter with all the weather, we've invested in a quite a bit of technology that's going to provide the opportunity for us to better cancel flights and provide the regional operators a better chance to recover much quicker than what they have historically been able to do. So that's an example of some of the things we're doing to better facilitate their operations, both in wintertime as well as summer storm times. So there's lots of things we're doing along those lines to help the regional carriers perform better.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker on the line.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Can I just ask Greg a question, actually? How -- or somebody said 8% of your operation is regional, and that's going to be declining. Is there a way to determine what percent of your cancellations and, therefore, some of the reliability issues are actually weather-related versus operational difficulties?
Gregory L. Hart: Helane, I think what Jim mentioned, as it relates to the 8%, was 8% of our flying is on 50-seaters and that's declining to...
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Oh, got you.
Gregory L. Hart: 5% over the course of the next 18 months or so. Obviously, we track our regional carriers' performance each and every day, and understand each and every flight that is either delayed or canceled and the reasons why. It's something we've got laser-like focused on, and are focused on not only taking advantage of the opportunities that, that data provides, but building better flexibility within the schedule to provide better opportunities to recover. Jim talked about consolidating the number of operators in Dulles, for example. As you can imagine, as we built schedule depth for those operators in Dallas, they've got better capabilities to recover themselves.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, but there's no way to know how much is weather-related, how much is pilots, because of weather, not being available, there's no way to actually determine that?
Gregory L. Hart: Well, for us, we have that data and we measure it every day. It's not anything we talk about publicly, but we have contractual relationships, actually, with our providers that account for weather-related delays differently than mechanical or pilot-driven delay or cancellation.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then could I just ask John a question? I think you mentioned that you thought your shares were -- I think he used the word intrinsically undervalued relative to your peer group. Do you have like an amount that you think you're undervalued by?
John D. Rainey: Nothing that I would want to disclose, Helane. The point being, though, is that we have a lot of confidence in our plan and in our ability to execute on that plan. And if you believe that the preferred method of deploying capital to shareholders is through a share repurchase program, you want to do that at a point where you're trading at a discount to that future earnings potential. We believe that's the inflection point that we're at. We've got a lot of confidence in our plan going forward. And we'll -- we believe that now is the right time to do this for United shareholders.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn on the line.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, I wanted to follow up on the repurchase a bit. You described it as sort of the initial step, and I think it's great to see an industrial company do a buyback before they hit their inflection. How do you think about sort of a more steady state return of capital, assuming that all the initiatives play out over the next kind of 18 months or so?
John D. Rainey: Well, you're right, John. This is a first step, and I will add that I think it's a watershed moment in the airline industry, where you have the largest 4 carriers returning cash to shareholders. I think that, that speaks volumes about how this industry has changed, how it's de-risked the business and the sustainability of those earnings going forward. One way that we look at this is the amount of cash that we're deploying relative to our market cap. Today's announcement is about 6% of our market cap. We're going to -- as we begin to act more like an industrial, I think we should begin to measure ourselves more against industrials and have returns of capital that aspire to be similar to those.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. On a separate topic, I'm very interested in the fact that you guys are on the cusp of some major upgauging here, and you have been doing some replacement of aircraft as well. Are there any anecdotes, numbers, sound bites that you can give us in terms of the differential in the economics of different aircraft just to help us kind of model the impact over the next 18 months or so of some of these initiatives, because they sound like they could be meaningful?
John D. Rainey: Are you referring specifically to the used versus new market? Or just in terms of the CapEx materiality, the reduction?
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two things I'd be interested in. Number one, when you think about, perhaps, the per seat CASM x fuel differential, approximately, some of the larger-gauge aircraft you're bringing in versus the 50-seaters that you're swapping out. And secondarily, in the past, you've offered some thoughts on sort of replacement economics and talked about how 737s save you quite a lot of money versus 757s. I'm just trying to kind of put the whole picture together and looking for some more of those data points.
John D. Rainey: Sure. Well, the 70-seater obviously is appreciably better from a CASM perspective than the 50-seat product. Equally, it puts some pressure on the revenue side. Now I think balancing that on the revenue side, just to go there for a second, is that it's a much better product for our customers. And where we're flying a 50-seat RJ today, wingtip to wingtip, with a competitor that's flying a mainline jet, it's an inferior product and customers book away from that. So I view that more as a kind of a scratch on the revenue side, and it provides a fairly material improvement on the cost side. With respect to replacement economics, we've often talked about the fact that for each 757 that we replaced with a 900ER, it's a couple of million dollars to the bottom line each year. One of the things that we're looking at right now is the used aircraft market. And that market varies widely, based upon which aircraft type you're talking about. And I'll give you an example. The 737-800, a 10-year-old 800 is not priced as low, relative to a new 800, as like an Airbus or some of the other older-generation planes. So we need to be opportunistic with respect to which particular aircraft types we look at if we're looking at the used market. But while we do trade maybe some of the operating economics for a plane that's not newer generation, as we've consistently said, one of the ways that we look at returns in this business, and a very important way, is return on invested capital. And where we may be trading the top line, the numerator, the notepad, we're actually benefiting it by the lower invested capital. And so that's one of the factors that we will take into this decision.
James E. Compton: John, this is Jim. I would just add to John's comment on the revenue side. The [indiscernible] of the 50-seaters with the 70-seaters also presents a first-class cabin and Economy Plus cabin. We're excited about the ancillary opportunities. I've mentioned a little bit about what we're seeing on upsell, as well as first-class pricing in the premium cabin domestically. So we're excited about the opportunity that as those 70 airplanes come into the system over the next 18 months, what that will drive on the ancillary side.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, Delta made the point yesterday about their long-standing relationships with -- in United's JV partners within the context of trans-Atlantic pricing and scheduling. Lufthansa has announced some capacity cuts, but apparently -- at least not yet in the Atlantic. I know you don't have veto power over your partners' schedules, but how closely do you coordinate? I mean, can you influence, can you compel more capacity discipline at the Star Alliance level? Or you just -- only at the United mainline level?
James E. Compton: Jamie, so we have a great working relationship with our JV partners. And whether it's Lufthansa, ANA, Air Canada, all of our JV partners, we coordinate very closely on capacity, as well as the pricing and sales -- and the sales agreements that we have in the marketplace. You are right, though, at the end each carrier is free to make decisions that they feel best for them. But I will tell you that the relationships that we have with our JV partners and our coordination is very tight. As we look at the trans-Atlantic capacity, we're relatively flattish in the second quarter. Some of the seasonal shaping that I mentioned in my comments have a direct impact on the trans-Atlantic, in that you'll see our capacity relatively flat in the winter 2015 off [ph] season. But to your point, we work really closely with our JV partners.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I assume that means you share schedules, plan schedules well before they're loaded. You're not like us where you have to rely on monitoring schedule tapes and stuff?
James E. Compton: Absolutely. There's -- the network teams have far-out looking discussions in terms of what capacity and what works for each carrier.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's what I figured. And a question for Greg. When we think about the first quarter's unprecedented meteorological mayhem, if we were to repeat that in winter 2015, are there any particular initiatives you can point to that would make the outcome less severe for you guys? Or, I guess, I don't know, put differently, were there operational takeaways? Or do you just treat last winter's weather as a one-off, sort of Chicago's own, well, Super Typhoon Paka, if you will?
Gregory L. Hart: Jamie, great question, and we are certainly not treating first quarter's weather as a one-off. We are expecting more of the same moving forward, and are preparing for that. And we've got a lot of things ongoing to help us better manage weather events at the airport. And a couple of examples I can point to. One is we're working on a tool that's going to provide the opportunity to better rebook our passengers over our network. Today's tool isn't that sophisticated when it comes to being able to rebook our passengers over every itinerary we can provide in our network. And obviously, with the 7 hubs here in the Continental U.S., we've got a lot of different itineraries that we can put people over. So we're working on a tool that's going to better do that. We also are working on a tool, that I mentioned earlier, that's going to help us better get the airline back on its feet after a winter storm. We're going to cancel flights such that we're going to better understand where our crews are, where they have time, and where the airplanes are to help the airplane recover much quicker than what we have been able to do historically. And there's several other examples I can point to across all of the divisions that we're working on to better provide the opportunity to get our passengers to where they want to be much quicker than what we have historically.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg online.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, the question about exploring opportunities in the used aircraft market, where do you see a need? Is it -- are you looking at widebodies, narrowbodies? What's behind that?
John D. Rainey: It's on the narrowbody side. We are making some investments in our fleet on the widebody side to prolong the life of those planes. But this is more about being disciplined and balanced with respect to CapEx. And as we shift from relying less on the 50-seat RJs and more on the regional fleet, we need to do that in a financially disciplined way. I'm a big believer in the new aircraft that the manufacturers are putting out, but there's a limit to what we should go out and spend, and we need to be balanced with our capital, balanced with the amount of debt we're putting on and actually do this in a way that enables us to return cash to shareholders.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just my second question, and this is -- it's probably a question for Jim. I think there was -- it was an article in some of the -- it seemed like some of the papers picked it up not that long ago about maybe United should shut down its Dulles hub. And I guess the question is, as I recall -- I don't know, this wasn't even that long ago, I recall hearing where, I believe, the DC and Northern Virginia area had one of United's highest concentrations of 1K and Global Service members, and some of the average one-way fares out of Dulles, at least on mainline, were among some of the highest in its system. And I don't know if that's changed. Maybe that has changed with the merger and the integration. But historically, I actually thought that, that was a very profitable operation for United. I realize you don't get into profitability of hub-by-hub economics, but is there anything that you can say to, I don't know, refute that or just give us some color?
James E. Compton: Mike, this is Jim. I think my comments would be that we have, as I talked about, our revenue initiatives and the 3 areas that we're focused on: network and schedule, the regional operations and revenue management. Within network and schedule, we're very focused on how our traffic flows across all our hubs, and how each hub participates into the overall network performance. Within that, the team -- very granular analysis, and the granular analysis includes many of the things that you just mentioned in terms of where our most loyal customers are, the lifetime spend and our expectations with that going forward. So I think I would just summarize by saying that we are very much focused on revenue initiatives that we've implemented, that we're going to implement, and those that we're researching, and that includes the overall look at the network.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie on line.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Jim, I guess, if I could just follow-up on Mike's question. I think one of the comments I heard is that each hub, pardon me, has to earn its way into the network and sort of alluded to the fact that maybe more decisions could be on the way. I know you're not willing to make any announcements today as, of course, these are long-term strategic decisions you have to live with. But I wonder if you can provide some perspective about when you might expect to reach a decision first? And I guess secondly, from where you sit today, does any potentially required surgery seem extensive or perhaps more modest?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Dan, this is Jeff. Let me take that question if I could. I would say that nothing is off the table, and we'll take the actions that we need take to maximize the value of our enterprise for our shareholders. We have demonstrated an ability and willingness to take tough actions. Cleveland's a good example of that. We have a lot of initiatives underway, and we're taking a lot -- a look at a lot of others. I'm not going to put a timeframe on that, nor will I talk about, nor will we as a company talk about directionally where we'll go until we're ready to talk about something. But I want to assure you that this team is committed to improving our margin performance, to improving our value for our shareholders, to improving our product, to improving our operational reliability, and we will take whatever actions are necessary to do just that.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Understood, I appreciate that. And then I guess just -- if I could follow up with one more question on the capital return. I appreciate the perspective you guys have already shared. And I guess, just going back to the original goal, it was initially to return it in 2015. And so, I'm wondering if you can -- and maybe you've already shared this, but provide some more perspective on what led you to conclude that it made sense to bump it up by 1 year. So I guess, in particular, is it really just the intrinsic value of the stock? Or is there a view, perhaps, that the core business is on track to recover more quickly than you previously anticipated?
John D. Rainey: Well, it's absolutely both those, Dan. I would emphasize that when we first articulated our plan to return cash to shareholders last fall, we were deliberately vague with the timeframe, and we said by sometime in 2015. And at that point, we were very early on in several of the key initiatives that we're working on right now. We now have a few quarters underneath our belt, and you can see the results of those performance in our financial and cost performance this morning. We have a clear line of sight into the cash flows that exist out into the timeframe that we talked about and we've got a lot of confidence in our plan, and that's what this action today reflects.
Operator: From Evercore Partners, we have Duane Pfennigwerth online.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Jim, wondering if you could talk a little bit more about rebanking, specifically. I don't know if it was just Chicago or a number of hubs. When we look at your connecting RASM, it actually appears pretty good. It's running ahead of your existing primary competitor. So it looks like, philosophically, you already appreciate the value of connecting revenue. Can you talk about what's actually changing and what revenue you feel like you're leaving on the table and maybe how large this opportunity is?
James E. Compton: Yes. The opportunity is, obviously, to improve that. The -- and what we're focusing on is, beginning in the fourth quarter in Denver and beginning in Houston towards the end of the year and into the first part of the year, and then Chicago by spring of 2015, looking at rebanking those 3 hubs. What it will do is it makes -- what it does is it reduces the connection time, and the opportunity to drive more connections at a higher yield than what you're already seeing today. So yes, we do really well in the connecting business today, but we think it's an opportunity to drive it even higher as we tighten those things up and driving more connecting opportunities for our customers.
Jeffery A. Smisek: And also, the one thing I would add, Duane, is that as we have had a lot of focus on improving our operations, we have more confidence in our operational reliability going forward to permit those connections to occur without undue misconnects.
Operator: From Stifel, we have Joe DeNardi online.
Joseph W. DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Jim, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about on the commentary you provided on the Pacific, maybe quantify or put into context kind of how the initiatives that you've put into place on that market should help alleviate some of the capacity growth that you're seeing kind of going into fourth quarter, maybe on a year-over-year basis.
James E. Compton: Joe, yes, the Pacific performed better than our expectation in the second quarter, so we're pleased with the progress that we're making on our Pacific initiative. But it kind of falls -- it falls into 4 categories. Restructuring our Narita flying, working with our ANA -- with our JV partner, ANA, to do that. Which means, for instance, in March 2014, we no -- we suspended flying Narita to Bangkok and are now connecting that traffic that we carry over the trans-Pacific, over ANA, to Bangkok. The tech ops team, the maintenance team invested in a great program in the reliability of 747. Last year, we talked about that. The second quarter was the beginning of the repositioning of those 747s, and allowing those airplanes to fly the missions that, from a network perspective, from a revenue perspective, they want to fly. That has a lot -- in addition, our secondary Asian city strategy really is exceeding our expectations in new routes from San Fran to Taipei and Chengdu are exceeding our expectations, is that third prong of the strategy. And then the last one is rightsizing the missions with the 787. We used to fly San Francisco to Osaka on a larger airplane, it's now on the 787 and the economics are significantly better, as an example of the flexibility of our fleet that we have as we take deliveries of 787s to optimize the network going forward. So in the context of the competitive pressure that you talked about, we're actually -- we're building on the great footprint we have in the Pacific, and the uniqueness that we can bring to the market allows us to manage against that pressure that we see as the capacity, particularly into China, accelerates through the rest of this year.
Operator: And from Raymond James, we have Savi Syth online.
Savanthi Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask about what you're seeing in the Latin America region. It looks like your capacity has been increasing, but it's seen a bit of recovery and maybe not similar to what we have seen elsewhere. And I'm just wondering if what you're seeing? And maybe, where the growth is being concentrated?
James E. Compton: And we are seeing increase in Latin -- in our investor update we actually talked about over the next several weeks, we're booked up about 4.5 points in the Latin America division. And so we're confident with our capacity growth in the market. We're seeing strong growth looking forward in the leisure beach destinations, as well as into Mexico -- the business markets. And I will tell you that a lot is driven by the Houston hub. It's a great connecting point, it's a great facility as a gateway into Latin America. So as we -- again, as we face competitive pressures, we'll monitor what's happening in the marketplace and make sure that we keep capacity in line with the demand. But we're really confident where we're at and the results that we're seeing in Latin America right now.
Savanthi Syth - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just as you look across your hubs, I was just wondering, we've seen a lot more of Frontier adding a lot of capacity into more of your markets. And I know that's a very different product, but I -- just wondering what the impact has been and what your response has been.
James E. Compton: Obviously, we compete amidst many carriers across our system. And we think that we have a terrific product, it is a different product than the ultra-low-cost carrier product. And we view that as we build our operational reliability, as we improve on the predictability of product that we have in the marketplace, we're well-positioned to compete, really, against anybody, including Frontier.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] From The Street, we have Ted Reed.
Ted Reed: I have 2 questions, one's easy and one's hard. The easy one is about Chengdu. You said the flights are doing well. I'd like you to say a little more about that, and the reason for it and might you increase frequencies. And secondly, to Jeff, there's been a lot of complaints a couple of months ago about -- from the pilots. I haven't heard you address that. But have you been listening to that, consulting with them? Does that explain any of the improvement?
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. The first question on Chengdu. Relative to our expectation, what we're really pleased with is the point of sale out of China exceeding our expectations. And so that's where we've seen most of the upside versus what our initial forecast said. So we're looking forward to that continuing. We work really closely with the officials in Chengdu and have developed great relationships, and we're seeing the fruit of that bear out. But again, like any route, we'll monitor capacity and demand. And if the demand is there to warrant increase in frequency, we clearly have the opportunity again. And I'll go back to the 787, it's really a terrific airplane that allows us to do many things in the Pacific and across our network. So we'll continue, like we do in every market, monitor the capacity and demand and react to that appropriately.
Ted Reed: This must give you a lot of faith that you can continue to do great things with the 787 in China, open more cities.
James E. Compton: That's exactly right. I mean, China is a market that -- is an economy that continues to grow at a very strong pace. And there are many opportunities in China that you can develop markets with, particularly with that 787.
Jeffery A. Smisek: And Ted, this is Jeff. In answer to your second question, certainly, at the beginning of the year, with moving everybody to a single crew management system and FAR 117, the new flight duty time, we had some hiccups in some of those implementation, which adversely affected some of our pilots. But we've certainly also allow [ph] an enormous amount of focus to that. All our folks in ops and our technology worked together hard to make sure to make their lives more predictable and reliable. And certainly, the amount of focus we've had and investments we've had in improving our operational reliability makes the pilots' lives better, makes the flight attendants' lives better, makes our passengers' lives better. I think we have a good relationship with ALPA, in the joint collective bargaining agreement. We are in close consultations with our pilots on many matters. And we continue to develop that relationship, and we expect that relationship will continue to improve over time. We want to make sure that we have the right culture with everybody at this company, including our pilots, and I think we're making good progress.
Operator: We have time for one more question. From The Associated Press, we have David Koenig on the line.
David Koenig: I wanted to ask about the Tel Aviv flights. And did you plan to resume those all along as soon as the FAA lifted the NOTAM? Or did you conduct your own assessment? And if it is the latter, can you please explain your decision, what went into it?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure. Well, first of all, the safety of our passengers and crews is paramount, and we don't fly missions that we don't have confidence are safe. We have consulted extensively with the U.S. government, as well as our own people on the ground in Tel Aviv, and that is -- and we believe it's safe to fly and that's why we're commencing -- recommencing our flights.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay. With that, we're out of time, so we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Jonathan Ireland Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory L. Hart - Senior Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings earnings conference call for the first quarter 2014. My name is Brendan, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Jonathan Ireland. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review operational performance, revenue and capacity. John will follow with a discussion of our cost, fleet and capital structure. After which, we will open the call for questions, first from the analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn it over to our new Head of Investor Relations, Jonathan Ireland.
Jonathan Ireland: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update. Copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you, all, for joining us on our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Our financial performance in the first quarter was disappointing. I want to start by saying that this management team understands the importance of improving our financial results. Although the historic winter weather adversely affected our results this quarter, we know we can do better and are taking actions to do just that. I'm confident that our strong assets, combined with the strategies we have in place, will begin to yield improving revenue results as we progress through 2014 and beyond. We're seeing encouraging progress, particularly in the domestic entity, from changes we're making to our revenue management and scheduling practices. We continue to face significant pressure in the Pacific entity given the increasing competitive capacity to China and the depreciation of the yen. But we are taking appropriate actions to maintain and capitalize on our leadership position in the region. We will make the appropriate adjustments to our network, schedule and fleet to grow our positions of strength and eliminate our weaknesses. This could require tough choices such as our recent decision to substantially reduce our flying in Cleveland, but we can't make progress without being willing to make changes that are necessary for our long-term success. Jim will discuss in further detail the actions we're taking to improve our revenue throughout the network. I am pleased with our cost performance in the first quarter, particularly given the challenging weather. I attribute this good performance to the dedication of our employees and their active engagement in the launch of Project Quality. The Project Quality program, designed to remove to $2 billion of annual cost by 2017, is off to a strong start. It is very early in the process, but I can assure you that we are intensely focused on and committed to its success. We're engaging in a rigorous process as we work to achieve our goal of delivering durable efficiencies and high quality, all while offering excellent customer service and building a great place to work. We will continue to invest in our employees, providing them better tools and training to do their jobs more effectively and improved facilities like renovated break rooms and in-house health clinics to make their work experience better. Our operations are running well now that the brutal winter is over. Our customer satisfaction scores from the first quarter of 2014 exceeded those of the first quarter last year. It's clear that our investment in customer service training last year is having a positive effect on our passenger's experience on United. This year, we'll be training all of our customer-facing frontline employees to detailed customer service standards and will be objectively measuring our performance against those standards. This will give us better visibility in how we're doing and where we need to target improvements. We continue to invest in products and services our customers value from new airplanes, to onboard Wi-Fi, to power outlets, to enhanced digital tools, to functional, comfortable facilities on the ground. In the first quarter, we introduced 11 new aircraft into our fleet, including 2 787 Dreamliners. By the end of this year, we will have installed next-generation slimmer economy seats on all of our Airbus and CRJ-700 aircraft, providing a good product with superior operating economics. And next week, we'll be opening our brand new Terminal B at Boston Logan Airport. It will provide a state-of-the-art experience for our passengers, with self-bag-tagging in the lobby, 8 gates equipped with self-boarding technology, 100% in-seat power at the gates, and a brand new United Club. I feel good about our direction. We are committed to expanding our profits this year and to improving our profitability each year after that. We have established the building blocks it will take to get us where we want to be and where you want us to be. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim and John.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. First, I'd like to thank our employees for their tremendous efforts in the quarter. Through extremely challenging winter weather, in the midst of grueling storms and bitter cold, we worked together and improved our customer satisfaction scores year-over-year. I'd also like to thank our customers for choosing United. We worked hard to deliver a flyer-friendly experience through these difficult months and we appreciate your business. The winter storms severely impacted the operation in the first quarter. In total, we canceled 35,000 flights in the first quarter, including 30,000 flights from our regional operations. This represents 2.5x the cancellations we had in the first quarter of last year. Put another way, this is the equivalent of not flying for 7 of the 90 days this past quarter. Running a reliable airline and providing good customer service are critical to our business, driving both higher revenue and lower cost. We need to earn our customers' business and we will continue to make prudent investments in our operations and our customer service to provide a product our customers value and will pay for. Turning to revenue. Our first quarter consolidated PRASM decreased by 2.0%. The severe weather drove PRASM down by 1.5 percentage points in the quarter, given the disproportionate number of cancelations on our regional partners, flights, which typically have nearly doubled the PRASM of mainline flying, but also impact the fewest customers for cancellations. Additionally, our first quarter year-over-year PRASM was negatively impacted by approximately 1.25 percentage points due to the shift of Easter and spring break demand out of March and into April. Our revenue performance in the first quarter was by no means an acceptable result. While some of the events affecting our revenue were outside of our control, we expect to perform better. We are committed to expanding year-over-year revenue each and every quarter, and this quarter, we fell short. For the second quarter, we expect our consolidated PRASM to increase between 1% and 3% year-over-year. We see substantial opportunity to improve our top line performance in quarters and years to come. And we are beginning to see encouraging signs from actions we've already taken, most readily apparent in our domestic entity. I want to highlight 4 actions in particular that we believe will improve our revenue performance going forward. First, we've made changes to our revenue management processes, taking fewer early bookings and reserving seats for later higher-yielding bookings. In the second quarter, we believe these changes alone will drive 0.5 percentage point of PRASM improvement year-over-year. Second, we have begun redesigning the flight bank structures at our Denver and Houston hubs. This will allow us to build more efficient, directional flows and shortened connection times at these hubs. We plan to implement the majority of these changes by the end of this year. Third, we have recently launched the program to more actively sell premium cabin seats on some of our domestic and short-haul international flights at the time of booking. By more dynamically pricing these seats, we have increased our percentage of paid premium traffic by more than 20% while improving the PRASM on these select flights by 0.5 percentage point. Fourth, we are better matching aircraft size to demand closer to departure. On routes where we are seeing high demand, we are increasingly swapping out smaller aircraft and substituting larger aircraft to better meet overall demand. These actions represent a sample of the initiatives we are instituting to improve our revenue performance going forward. Given these improvements, we expect second quarter consolidated domestic PRASM to increase between 4% and 6% year-over-year, outpacing our expected consolidated PRASM increase. The Pacific entity continues to put pressure on our year-over-year consolidated PRASM performance due largely to competitive capacity increases and the weakening yen. Despite this pressure, the Pacific continues to drive solid absolute results. And United is firmly committed to the Pacific region. We are the leading U.S. airline to Asia and expect to strengthen that position as travel demand in Asia continues to grow. We have, however, experienced substantial pressure in the region over the last several quarters. Capacity between the U.S. and China in the second quarter is increasing approximately 20% year-over-year and has increased more than 30% since 2012. Additionally, the depreciation of the Japanese yen and weakening Japanese economy continue to be a drag on our Japan results. In total, we expect the Pacific entity to reduce our consolidated year-over-year PRASM by 1 to 2 percentage points in the second quarter. To counter these challenge in the Pacific market, we are reinforcing our areas of strength and are expanding into new areas of opportunity. For example, this quarter, we will launch nonstop service between our San Francisco hub and Chengdu, China. This routing addition represents the start of the second phase of our Pacific strategy, which focuses on secondary Asian cities. It's also a perfect example of the power of the 787 Dreamliner. Its long range and appropriate gauge make it an ideal aircraft for routes such as this. We are the only carrier to connect the United States to this rapidly growing Chinese market, and we are pleased with the early bookings. Additionally, we are in the process of restructuring our Narita flying. We have dropped noncore trans-Pacific flights like Seattle to Tokyo and are continuing to reduce our flying between Tokyo and Asian destinations. This permits us to free up aircraft that were sub-optimally used to carry traffic beyond Tokyo and reallocate those aircraft to more profitable flying. For example, our recent network changes, which included eliminating service between Tokyo and Bangkok, Taipei and Hong Kong, and down gauging service between Tokyo and Seoul, have allowed us to more efficiently use those aircraft on long-haul routes, such as our new services between our San Francisco hub and Taipei, and between our Houston hub and Munich, which we launched just today. Our joint venture with ANA has made this possible. As we eliminated Tokyo to Bangkok service, for example, ANA retimed and up-gauged their Tokyo to Bangkok flight to maintain connectivity for our passengers, and also, retime their Tokyo to Jakarta flight to connect to our late afternoon trans-Pacific bank in Tokyo. As we continue to coordinate on schedule via our joint venture, we have been able to significantly increase the amount of traffic connecting on ANA. For example, in the second quarter, we expect 30% more passengers to connect on ANA year-over-year. We are excited about the opportunities we have to further develop this relationship. Corporate revenue continued to grow in the first quarter. In spite of the difficult weather, our corporate revenue increased 2% during the quarter and grew 5% in March. We are actively working to increase the value we offer to and generate from our corporate partners with both existing and new accounts. Given changing industry dynamics, we're well positioned to compete and are very focused on account retention and expanding our overt position with key corporate accounts. Additionally, we have considerably improved our corporate customers compliance with their contracts and are at our highest level of compliance since 2012. Our corporate partners recognize the value United provides, robust schedule facility, a competitive product offering, a reliable operation and improving customer service. And we expect to continue our progress in the corporate state in quarters to come. Our consolidated capacity for the first quarter was down 0.3%, mostly driven by regional client, which was down 1.8%. For the second quarter, we expect capacity to be between flat and up 1%. For the full year, we now expect capacity to grow between 0.5% and 1.5%. Our lower capacity guidance is largely due to weather-related cancellations in the first quarter and reduced regional flying throughout the year. The confluence of the 865 retirements, the new flight and duty time and the new 1,500-hour rule for new pilots have particularly affected regional carriers, making it difficult for many regional carriers to fulfill their schedules. As a result, we have modestly reduced our schedule and that is reflected in the capacity guidance I just provided. If this issue should worsen, we will be prepared to make the appropriate adjustments to our schedule and fleet. Ancillary revenue continued to grow in the first quarter, growing 6% year-over-year and 8% per passenger. We continue to see solid Economy Plus growth from enhanced pricing capabilities and favorable booking performance on united.com. Additionally, in the first quarter, we reached an agreement to begin altering Economy Plus through Travelport, and just recently, reached a similar agreement with Amadeus. This will improve access to ancillary products for some of our most valuable customers by distributing these products through the channels most corporate customers use. We expect to generate $3 billion of ancillary revenue in 2014, which represents 8% growth year-over-year. We are beginning to use our real-time positioning tool which allows us to tailor ancillary offers to specific customers based on their travel pattern, prior purchases and destination among other criteria. Initial results show more than 15% increase in year-over-year ancillary revenue where we use the real-time positioning tool. We will be expanding the use of this powerful tool to more customers, through more channel in the near future. This summer, we will roll out the first phase of our new website, which will provide improved ancillary revenue opportunities and a better customer experience and result in lower distribution cost as more of our customers use united.com. Earlier this month, we launched an all-new United app for the Android platform, which offers the customers innovative new features, smoother functionality and an improved touch-friendly design. In total, we have had more than 10 billion app downloads to date. We are now generating on average over $1 million in revenue per day through our mobile applications. And in the first quarter, we nearly doubled our revenue through our mobile app year-over-year. We're also continuing to install satellite-based Wi-Fi on our aircraft. We have more than 230 Wi-Fi equipped aircraft today and expect to have more than 450 aircraft enabled with this technology by the end of 2014. In addition, this quarter, we will start to roll out our personal device entertainment product, which wirelessly delivers streaming video from the aircraft's on-board server to our customers' own electronic devices. In conclusion, United had a challenging first quarter and I am not pleased with our results. But we are already making progress in the second quarter, and we are taking prompt action to improve results going forward. We are on track to achieve our ancillary revenue goals and continue to improve our operations, customer service, digital tools and products. We know we're capable of much more at United and we have the right plans in place to achieve our full potential and profitably grow our top and bottom lines in the quarters and years to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning. I also want to thank our employees for their efforts in the first quarter in what were very difficult operating conditions. Today, we reported a $489 million loss for the first quarter, which includes an approximately $200 million negative impact from the severe winter weather. Despite our unsatisfactory earnings performance, I am pleased with the progress we are making on some of our key company goals of reducing costs and strengthening our balance sheet. Our first quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 3.1% year-over-year, nearly 1 full point lower than the midpoint of our original cost guidance despite the weather driving decreased capacity and incremental costs throughout the system. These headwinds were offset by solid progress we're making with Project Quality initiatives. Project Quality is designed to make fundamental, permanent changes to the way we do business. And we've seen promising early progress toward our $2 billion annual cost savings goal. One area in which we've made good progress to date is on procurement where we've achieved approximately $20 million in savings in the first quarter. Another area in which we've laid the groundwork to drive significant savings is in our airports. I have spent time at multiple hubs recently observing the progress we're making in this area. And I'm encouraged by the engagement of our employees in finding better and more efficient ways to serve our customers. We're beginning to transform the way we operate in our airport lobby, on the ramp, in the bag room and at the gate, much of it through better use of technology. And it's precisely the steps of changes that Project Quality is designed to deliver, changes that redesign processes and improve efficiency without sacrificing the quality of service that we provide. We are pleased with the Project Quality progress to date and expect to generate between $250 million and $300 million of nonfuel savings from this effort in 2014. Our overall productivity improved 1.6% in the first quarter, lower than we expected due primarily to the extreme winter weather. We currently expect to improve productivity by approximately 3% in 2014, and our long-term goal is to improve productivity, 15% to 20%, by 2017, generating approximately $500 million in annual savings. We expect CASM, excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing to increase between 1.25% and 2.25% for the second quarter. We plan to improve our year-over-year non-fuel cost performance in each successive quarter in 2014 and expect nonfuel CASM to be up approximately 1% in the second half of 2014. Much of this sequential improvement is related to our Project Quality savings accelerating as we move throughout the year. In the second quarter, we expect to incur approximately $800 million of gross capital expenditures. We plan to take delivery of 9 737-900ERs, each of which provides a greater than $2 million annual benefit versus the 757-200 aircraft they're replacing. We're also excited to introduce our first 6 highly efficient Embraer 175 aircraft this quarter. And we plan to introduce 70 of these E175s in total by the end of 2015, which will replace less efficient 50-seat regional aircraft. The E175, featuring first class, Economy Plus and Economy also provides a better product than the 50-seaters. During the first quarter, we retrofitted our first 737-800 aircraft with new Split Scimitar Winglets, which reduce fuel consumption by up to an additional 2%. We expect to have this Winglets installed in over 80 aircraft by the end of 2014. We improved our fuel efficiency in the first quarter by 0.6%. This metric came in slightly lower than our initial expectations because the severe weather during the quarter led to higher taxi times, aircraft rerouting and longer APU usage. But we still expect to improve our full year fuel efficiency by approximately 1.5%, in-line with the guidance I've provided on the call last quarter. At today's prices, that represents nearly $200 million in the annual cost savings. We continue to improve the quality of our balance sheet in the first quarter and made $637 million of debt and capital lease payments. We made further progress to our goal of reducing nonaircraft-related debt by redeeming, at par, $400 million of 8% unsecured notes due in 2024 and by reducing convertible debt by $202 million. We have reduced our total convertible debt by nearly 50% since the end of 2012. In addition to paying down debt, we're also making good progress reducing our pension liability. Our unfunded pension liability was approximately $1.6 billion at the end of the first quarter. We've made $118 million of cash contributions toward our pension year-to-date and expect to contribute approximately $290 million for the full year. This is approximately double our minimum funding requirement. Continuing to fund our pension in excess of our minimum requirement, will meaningfully reduce our risk over the long term. We also completed 2 significant financings during the quarter, including pricing our first EETC of the year. We raised $949 million through this transaction to finance 25 new aircraft, including 787, 737-900ER and Embraer 175 aircraft scheduled for delivery this year. The blended rate of 4.13% is the lowest among any recent EETC deals. During the quarter, we also repriced our $900 million term loan due in 2019, reducing the LIBOR margin and LIBOR floor each by 25 basis points. The success of these transactions is indicative of the progress we've made in derisking our business over the past few years. In conclusion, we are far from satisfied with our first quarter results. And we need to, and will, substantially improve our financial performance in the coming quarters with the plans we have in place and the actions we are taking. Through our initiatives to grow our revenue, embed efficiency throughout the business and further improve our balance sheet, we will expand earnings in each of the remaining quarters this year. We had a clear goal and a solid commitment to generate the level of returns our investors and management team expect. I'll now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
Jonathan Ireland: Thank you, John. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, and then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg on line.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions here. Jim, you went through some of the revenue initiatives like rebanking Denver, Houston. You talked about revenue management. Do you have like a rough number on what the revenue enhancement would be on an annual basis in aggregate for all 4 of these initiatives? How do we think about that?
James E. Compton: Mike, it's Jim. The number that -- one of the areas of revenue management we gave some insights and it's adding about 0.5 through the second quarter, and that's the only one that we're talking about in terms of the incremental impact to our RASM. I've put that in a context of what we've talked about in the third quarter call when we acknowledged the inputs to the revenue management system and made the quick changes to recalibration that we found it affected our September number by about a percentage of RASM. So you can think of the run rate of being about 1.0% in terms of RASM performance due to the changes that we're making on the revenue management side.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, good. And then just one other question here. And I guess maybe this would be for you, Jim, as well. You look at how Delta is sort of rethinking their frequent flyer plan and then basically now sort of changing, tying the miles there on -- basically tied to revenue paid. And it's not unique. I mean, I think, JetBlue, Virgin America, Southwest, they're also along those lines. Is that something that you may be looking at or studying? Is that something that makes sense given your network, your customer base? Any thoughts on that would be great.
Jeffery A. Smisek: This is Jeff. Clearly, frequent flyer -- or our frequent flyer program is evolving and as are others. And what we're trying to do is better align the benefits that we deliver to our customers through the frequent flyer program with the benefits that the customers deliver to us from their flying, including the profitability of their flying. And I believe that you will see evolution of our program over time. We can't talk about specifics at this point in time, but clearly, this is an evolving process. And frequent flyer -- our frequent flyer program is becoming much more sophisticated and is better aligning the benefits bidirectionally.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: John, you talked about at Analyst Day, a commitment to cash deployment next year. But given the loss this quarter and what I believe to be a really lack of any free cash flow this year about substance, is there a chance that you find that you're really not in a position to do that? I mean, if you have, say, like a 1% dividend yield next year, but your margins are 500 basis points below Delta and American, I'm not really sure if that's going to really change the minds of people that are on the fence about buying your stock. So is there a point where if your operational performance is not good enough relative to others that you say, "Hey, maybe we should focus inwards to take some dramatic steps to fix what's wrong before we start deploying cash next year."
John D. Rainey: Good question, Hunter. And I'll tell you that we've been consistent and we have -- the 2 things we need to accomplish prior to returning cash to shareholders. One being having a level of earnings performance which supports that, and we also have goals to take care of some debt that we can pay off at the back half of the year. And so to your point about earnings improvement, I'll tell you that we're extremely disappointed in first quarter results. There's no doubt about it. We have the same feeling about this as the analyst community and investors. But we have absolutely not lost any conviction at all on the plan we've laid out last fall. We are encouraged by a lot of progress that we're making right now. And it's more difficult to see that in some of our financial results but we've got an extreme focus on improving revenue with Jim's team. And the entire company is bought in to be more efficient and improving our cost along the lines of Project Quality. I'll give you the example of that. Honestly, for the first quarter, this was one of the most difficult operational quarters we had since 9/11. Despite that, our over time improved year-over-year for both our airport groups, which is by over 1 point, and as well as our technical operations group. So despite having a more difficult operating environment, the progress that we're making and becoming more efficient is being seen throughout the business. Now admittedly, that's not reflected in our first quarter results, but again, we have not lost any of the conviction about the back half of this year, and we are fully committed to accomplishing the goal of being able to return cash to shareholders next year.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: And would you care to share maybe what that earnings threshold would be?
John D. Rainey: Well, the way that -- when we look at returning cash to shareholders, I think it's important to be able to do that in good years and bad years. And we look at a lot of the volatility of earnings. And we haven't come out and said, "We've got to earn x million -- x billion to achieve that, but it's really a level of earnings that we're comfortable with in the business. And we're making progress. We feel good about the back half of the year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to have earnings improvement in each of the remaining quarters this year.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, thanks. Maybe one for Jim and Jeff, if you [indiscernible] would be great. Well, I look at Los Angeles as a hub, and I see what the Asian Airlines is doing there. Makes me ask some hard questions. I mean, Asian Airlines, you talked about the competitive capacity at 20%. Asian Airlines right now have over 500 widebodies on order, already, right now, the top 11 Asian Airlines. All these guys are Chinese guys with whom you're not going to have a JV for the foreseeable future. They're going to run their business for returns. Los Angeles, not a great corporate market, domestic stuff very fragmented, because of multiple airports, when do you ask yourself -- is Los Angeles is a great place to actually run a hub, not serve, but run a hub when you got such a great hub just a few hundred miles north in San Francisco.
James E. Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. A couple of thoughts. One is our Pacific, as I mentioned, is running at extremely high levels of performance in terms of the economics of this. And there are some near-term challenges that you're alluding to in terms of the capacity, particularly to China where we're seeing 20% growth. And for us, that growth is primarily into the U.S. to our hubs. And so yes, it does affect San Francisco, Los Angeles and so forth. I'll tell you we performed very well out in Los Angeles to China. And the unique -- we have adapted, we actually, the 787 is the terrific aircraft for us to kind of manage some of the competitiveness given its fuel efficiency and its gauge and so forth. I think for us what we'll always do is continue to kind of watch demand and make sure that capacity is in line with demand. And at the same time, we're going to continue to build on our strengths and where our assets are at their strongest point. But you're right, it's a competitive environment, and it's an area that we'll continually watch and make the right moves depending on where the necessary moves that we need to make.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker on line.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Quick question for Jim, a follow-up to Mike's question on the revenue initiative kind of spilling out by year end. Does that mean, you believe United can close your RASM gap to the industry by year end or should we not be that ambitious?
James E. Compton: Jamie, it's Jim. First, let me tell you this. We obviously -- we run the highest length of haul RASM in the industry and we're going to continue to do that. We're disappointed in the rate of growth off of that. And those initiatives that I talked about are specifically -- work to put us on the path that will get us to the point that we're growing at the rate that we feel that we need to do. To put us -- what I will say is that, yes, we expect to close the gap on RASM performance. And I'd like to leave it at that. Because we will close it. We have a great plan. We have our strong commitment of the team here, and we will close that gap over the next -- over the quarters and years to come.
John D. Rainey: Jamie, I would just add to that, that we recognize that we're underperforming in the industry. And we have an expectation among ourselves that we should be an industry leader. But the first step is to have industry competitive markets. And so when we talk about closing the RASM gap, we're actually much more focused on closing the margin gap. And some of the decisions that we make maybe RASM dilutive, but profit maximizing. And so you could see some of that in our numbers, but I think, at the end of the day, we need to be held accountable for our margin performance versus our competitors.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and that actually leads me to the second part, and perhaps, the tougher part of that question for Jeff. Have you considered at any point that perhaps, not just perhaps, there is a more structural explanation as to why results are being held back? For example, we cited, and others have as well, that you face more competition in your hubs than American and Delta do? If I jump in a taxi in San Fran or Denver and say, "Take me to the airport." the guy asks, "Who are you flying?" And that just doesn't happen in Charlotte. You've pursued a 4-cabin strategy that should be generating a RASM premium, but currently isn't. And I appreciate all the talk about winglets and Wi-Fi and the like, but I'm just not convinced that even if properly executed, even if properly mined, United has the same profit potential as your primary competitors. Any thought on that?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, I don't think, Jamie, that there's a fundamental structural problem. I mean, all things being equal, high concentration to hub is a good thing, there's no question about it. But it's also important to have hubs in the key business markets. It's important to have a good mix of local inflow traffic. We do that. So no, I don't think there's a fundamental structural problem. Now there are issues with geographic locations for winter storms, I will grant you that. We've got west to east, Denver, Chicago and Cleveland, New York and Dulles all in a row. And some of our friends in the south did not have that difficulty. But I don't think there's a fundamental structure there. I think from us, it's a lot of basic blocking and tackling, getting our operational integrity humming and we're clearly making progress there. And certainly, Greg Hart is here, if he wants to comment on that. But we clearly are focusing on tuning all of our revenue initiatives. And Jim and his team are working very hard on that. Making -- we operate really inefficiently today, Jamie. And that's what Project Quality is all about, bringing quality and efficiency, elimination of defects all across the system. We also candidly are still operating with a number of parallel systems, processes, leftovers from the merger that we need to conclude and those drive inefficiencies and they drive costs. And our customers service, historically, since the merger, has not been as good as it should be. And we're spending a lot of time and money and effort training our folks. And this year, importantly, we're bringing in a third party which will objectively measure us against those customer service standards . We're going to establish a baseline to would help us improve customer service. But if you've got -- if you have some -- the lack of operational reliability which is historically, which we're improving a great deal, that drives a lot of cost and a lot of dissatisfaction which drives away revenue and improves costs. So in answer, no, I don't think we have structural problems. I think we are -- I think we've identified all the areas where we need to improve. We have very good, very disciplined, very rigorous plans to attack each of those areas and I am very confident that we will.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn on line.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Obviously, investors are losing faith a little bit based on the second quarter performance that the revenue side of the turnaround is going according to plan. On the other hand, Jeff, Jim, John, what we hear from you guys is that you're taking the appropriate actions, you're seeing encouraging signs, you have a lot of confidence that things are going to work. I was just hoping that you could elaborate on that disconnect. What exactly are you seeing that gives you more confidence than, I guess, what investors are seeing and when might investors start to see the same things?
John D. Rainey: Well, John, I'll start from a cost perspective. Obviously, our costs have been too high. And if you look at our cost guidance for the year, being 1% to 2%, excluding fuel, that's a much more appropriate level to how we need to run the business. And candidly, an expectation of what we have going forward to the next few years, and it's something less than inflation. And we're seeing a tremendous amount of focus and improvement and a lot of the initiatives that we've undertaken. I gave the example to an earlier question of the improvement in overtime. But we're seeing deployment of technology that is enabling us to better staff airports, to do it in a more customer-friendly way as well. There's every aspect of our business that we're able to test where we're seeing good improvements and overall engagement by the employees. And that's reflected in our cost results. I think, speaking for both cost and revenue, the issue is often the pace of change and it's never as fast as what we'd like. Look, no one wanted it to occur faster than we do as a management team, but the things that we're seeing, whether the booking information that we see or the cost expectations, the early indications we're pretty excited about.
James E. Compton: And John, this is Jim. Again, on the revenue side, obviously, we have the advantage of seeing things at a much more granular level on the revenue side, which is quite frankly why, in the second quarter, we wanted to break out the PRASM guidance from the -- to highlight some of the pressure areas that we're in, in the Pacific, but also highlight the consolidated domestic growing 4% to 6%. Even if I adjust for weather in the first quarter, what the team is seeing is the beginning of the actions they've taken grabbing hold at the granular level. And so those are the things that here drives so much optimism on our side, it's because we can separate the pressure areas such as China and so forth and understand that market and how well we perform in that market. And at the other hand, the initiatives that we're doing, we can see some of the early results, for instance, from the revenue management recalibration. We have all the confidence, whether it's the upselling initiatives, whether it's the rebanking based on the initiatives that we've driven so far today, that we're going to have success in that. And that's where the enthusiasm on the revenue side comes from as we kind of look forward over the next several quarters and next several years.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And when we think back to the fall, the first half of the year was when we were supposed to see a lot of this inflection. You sort of get a pass from the first quarter because of weather. We're not seeing it in the second quarter. Looking out today, at what quarter can we all agree that it's not working?
James E. Compton: Well, John, I think, in terms of revenue, if anything, I highlighted that we're seeing those benefits in the second quarter, 0.5% PRASM in terms of contributing to the 4% to 6% consolidated domestic guidance. So we are seeing the benefits as we move through the year and we're we'll -- kind of the full effect as we kind of get over the month of September in the third quarter. The other initiatives are building. Some of the ones I've talked about, swapping of aircraft, we can actually measure those real-time how we're doing. We're going to start expand those. So again, at the granular level, we're early in initiatives and we're actually seeing the benefits, and those are the things that we were highlighting today on the call.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker on the line.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I think one of last year's many excuses was regarding maintenance and having aircraft parts out of place when things went wrong. So as part of the improvement process, have you -- can you speak to that and whether that's actually showing signs of improvement?
Gregory L. Hart: This is Greg. As it relates to the maintenance investment in the infrastructure, we've actually spent quite a bit of time actually last year putting the infrastructure in place that provided us the opportunity to perform at a much higher level. And the data that we can point to that says that the success is, then, that calendar year 2013 we canceled fewer flights at United Airlines and the airline -- as it relates to the maintenance cancels, that the airline had done in the last decade. So we've seen a lot of progress as it relates to that. And we continue to build on that progress and have a lot of momentum moving forward in terms of improved performance as it relates to not only maintenance, but all of our operations.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, one of the questions that I get, and maybe this is for Jeff, is that for a while your revenues were about equal to your peer group and you earned half as much. And actually, now your revenues are less than your peer group, right? Delta and American both out -- out reported -- out earned you this quarter. And I'm just kind of wondering how much of the revenue gap gets narrowed by some of these initiatives that you're putting in place in an environment where your 2 biggest airports are undergoing runway construction this summer and are undergoing -- and especially at Newark where the AirTrain isn't going to work from May 1 through, I think, it's July 15. It's like peak season. How does that happen?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Helane, first of all, let's focus kind of bigger picture here, and I'll ask Jim to talk about San Fran and Newark. But -- the EMAS in San Fran and runaway work in Newark. But our goal here isn't really focused on peer revenue comparisons, but rather, as John talked about, making sure we are earning industry competitive margins. We have a lot of assets that generate a lot of revenue for us and we could do a better job and we'll be doing a job, generate even more revenue from that set of assets. But our goal really is focused on margin. We're focused at pulling, obviously, the 2 levers of revenue and cost, but also making sure, as Greg talked about, making sure that we're operating reliably because you've got to have a reliable core to generate revenue and to run that -- run your operations efficiently since you're doing it so at lower cost. The issues, which are quite temporary at Newark, which is flight constrained, and so that's actually a much easier than San Francisco. Those are temporary. I'll ask Jim or Greg to talk to you about those.
Gregory L. Hart: This is Greg. In Newark, just a point of clarification, we actually have runway construction in April and May, so we're halfway through that. We're hopeful that it actually might end a little earlier than planned. And as it relates to the connecting train that runs from the train station to the terminal area, we've worked with the Port Authority to put in a very, very vigorous plan to recover with buses, and I think that while a little inconvenience for the passengers, will be a very good product. And of course, the terminals on the air side we have a bus and service that runs between our 2 terminals in Newark. In San Francisco, we also spent a lot of time working to make measure that we mitigate as much as possible, the runway construction that is taking place there. It starts in May and ends in September, and we're obviously hopeful again that, that ends a little bit sooner given some of the incentives in the construction contract that the airport has put out there. But we have worked to isolate the impact to San Francisco. The construction is happening this summer because there's less weather disruptions in the summer in San Francisco, so it's the right time to do it from a weather perspective. And we've also, again, isolated schedules as much as we can adding ground time in San Francisco, block time, as well as isolated the flows of the aircraft in San Francisco as much as we could.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then, just with respect to the 50-seat issue, I guess, the performance of the regional airline where you seem to cancel -- or your regional partners seem to cancel a huge number of flights. As you move up the food chain to the 76-seaters and larger, is that going to be done more mainline flying, is that how we should think about that?
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. The -- I also want to remind that the completion factor that we saw on the regional in the first quarter is driven by far primarily by the weather event to severe weather event. As I mentioned in my comments of the 35,000 cancellations, you're right, 30,000 were regional. And the severe weather and our trying to affect the least number of customers as possible drove disproportionate to regional. As that weather moves out, we're already seeing the regional completion factor improve relative for the first quarter significantly. And that's the 70-seaters that operates under our regional partners and not on the mainline.
Jeffery A. Smisek: But Helane, to your point, it is important that -- take weather events aside, it is important that we deliver the same degree of focus to the operational reliability and on-time performance of our regional partners as we do to the mainline. We have a lot of time and attention to that. We have a number of regional partners, obviously, as well. But from a customer's perspective, it's important that those -- we have those aircraft as reliable as they can be, and with as much on-time performance as they can be. It is true, however, that during severe weather, those get canceled more. They affect the fewest passengers comparing or canceling a 50-seater versus canceling a 777.
Operator: We have time for one final question. From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth on line.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I think I heard you talk about closing refleeting. I wondered if you'd expand on that a little bit. How many aircraft swaps per day would you expect? And how do you manage that complexity?
James E. Compton: Duane, this is Jim. On a daily basis, we're probably doing approximately 50 swaps where we're swapping, where we have a good sense of the demand, and demand is stronger for instance and we'll swap in a larger gauge and move that flight to obviously a market where the demand is less and so we're marching capacity and gauge very much in line. We actually look at that 30 to 45 days out and start watching it. So some of those swaps will start out as far out as 45 days. And as we get closer into 30 day, it's clearly working very closely -- the team works very closely with Greg's team in Ops to make sure that we're providing a consistent reliable product. And we're seeing great and early results from that, great results from it.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then, just on the regionals, on your 50-seat regionals, can you -- I wondered if you'd be willing to talk about kind of the number of 50-seaters that are -- where you have leases expiring in 2014 and 2015, and how that number compares with those same aircraft that come off contract with your regional service provider. In other words, is there a chance that you have to sort of find a new service provider for some of those for a period of time?
John D. Rainey: Duane, this is John. Over the next 18 months, we've got 175 aircraft that come out from underneath the capacity purchase agreement. Of those, 125 -- actually, the head lease expires. So a certain number of those, we could place with another provider or extend the capacity purchase arrangement with that current provider. But even of those remaining aircraft that'll come of lease, the lease expiration is in the very near future as well. One of the things that we've talked to you about in the past is it's important for us to have a lot of flexibility in our fleet plan. And you see that both in our mainline fleet, as well as our regional fleet. And we've laddered a lot of these capacity purchase agreements so that it allows us to have that flexibility to remove aircraft from our schedule when we need to.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From The Street, we have Ted Reed online.
Ted Reed: I was thinking about Jamie's question. And is it possible to say that what's really hurting United is that your best asset is the San Francisco hub to Asia, and that the capacity issues in Asia and the yen devaluation are what is really contributing to the underperformance just as much or more than anything else?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Ted, let me just talk about the hub for a moment, and I'll turn over to Jim. Look, we have a number of -- San Francisco is a terrific gateway to Asia. It is clearly the best hub on the West Coast for Asia. We also have terrific hubs throughout the United States. So I wouldn't say San Francisco is the best hub. It is a great hub. But there's no doubt that competitive capacity pressures from the U.S. to Asia, particularly to China, where we are the largest U.S. airline, by far, have contributed to our -- pressured our unit revenue. And that said, we make good money in Asia today even with that pressure. We expect to continue to make good money to Asia. We expect to not only maintain our lead there, but we would have opportunities to grow in the new markets. A lot of capacity has gone in for China, for example, in Beijing or Shanghai, and our new route to Chengdu, nonstop, is an exciting opportunity and we think we have future opportunities for that. But I'll ask Jim if he'd like to comment anymore.
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. I'll take you over to the other side of the coast because Newark's a terrific asset also. We have a terrific presence in New York, and we have the unique presence, right. And that presence is because we have the true connecting hub. So from a network perspective, not only all the things that go with that hub, great facility, great products and so forth, but we have that opportunity to offset weak demand in the local market, whether it be absolute demand or demand that's driven by lower pricing with higher-yielding demand that wants to connect to Europe over Newark. Nobody else can do that in the New York area. So I think I would to add to Jeff's point is that, we have a number of great assets in the hub, where each of them are unique, whether it's Houston into Latin America, Jeff's comment on San Francisco, New York, all of our hubs have unique strengths to them. And as we go forward, we're going to build on those strengths.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay. With that, we're out of time, so we're going to conclude. Thanks, everybody, for joining this call today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory L. Hart - Senior Vice President of Technical Operations
Analysts: Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Senior Vice President, Operations, Greg Hart. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will review operational performance, capacity and revenue. John will follow with a discussion of our cost, fleet and capital structure. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter and the full year. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you, all, for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings call. Today, we reported a full year profit of $1.1 billion, an 84% improvement year-over-year, or $2.84 per diluted share. At the beginning of 2013, we outlined 3 goals for United: run a reliable airline, improve our customer service and achieve our return on invested capital goal of 10%. We achieved all 3 goals for 2013 and I'd like to thank our employees for working together to make that happen. We ran a reliable operation in 2013. We improved our on-time performance year-over-year in every quarter and achieved top-tier on-time performance among our peers in the fourth quarter. Our entire team worked together to minimize the customer impact of the severe winter weather we experienced in December and again this month. We made tremendous progress on our customer service in 2013, including improving our customer satisfaction scores significantly. We continued to invest in our onboard product as well, outfitting our aircraft with the best seating options for our customers. We now have more than 35,000 Economy Plus seats installed in our airplanes and offer flat-bed seats on every long-haul international aircraft. We also began installing lighter-weight next-generation slimline economy seats on a number of our narrow-body and regional aircraft, providing a good product for our customers while improving our operating economics. In addition to improving our seating options, we've also installed Wi-Fi on nearly 170 aircraft, added larger bins and refreshed the interiors on the majority of our 152 Airbus aircraft and installed in-seat power on more than half of our mainline fleet. We completely retrofitted the interiors of all of our p.s. aircraft, which fly between New York's Kennedy Airport and our hubs in San Francisco and Los Angeles. We also recently launched our in-flight streaming video product, which will allow our customers to view a variety of on-demand entertainment options on their own devices. We made a number of improvements at our airports as well. This year, we opened a new terminal at our hub in Houston, made significant enhancements to our hub in Newark and unveiled 3 new modern United clubs. We also began piloting new self-service technology, such as self-bag tagging and self-boarding gates and will roll out more of this efficient customer-pleasing technology this year. During the second half of 2013, we released the first phase of our enhanced digital channels. We introduced new airport kiosk software that improves customer functionality and our ancillary revenue sales opportunities and launched an entirely new version of our industry-leading mobile app on iOS and Windows platforms. Customer feedback on our new app has been fantastic, and we'll roll out our new app on the Android platform this spring. We'll also be releasing our new united.com in phases this year. For the 10th consecutive year, our MileagePlus program was named the Best Frequent-Flyer Program in the world by readers of Global Traveler. We're moving further down the path of aligning our loyalty program rewards with customer value. And on January 1, MileagePlus launched new minimum levels of revenue to qualify for each Premier status level. Revenue tracking starts in 2014 for qualification in 2015 program year. Our members can now track their Premier qualifying dollars on united.com and our new mobile app. In 2013, we invested in our employees, enhancing the tools they use to do their jobs such as Arrow [ph], the new intuitive front end of our airport system and provided new customer service training to more than 45,000 of our frontline employees. Our customers are noticing the improvements we're making in our operations, product and service. Our customer satisfaction scores continue to climb and in the fourth quarter, they improved by 25% year-over-year, exceeding our goal. We now have joint collective bargaining agreements with the majority of our representative employees and are working to reach competitive contracts with our remaining employee groups. Our earnings growth improved throughout the year and our fourth quarter profit was our highest fourth quarter profit since merging. By working together, our team met our 10% return on invested capital goal for 2013. 2013 proved to be a pivotal year as we moved past integration and focused on building a strong foundation on which to grow. With the accomplishments of 2013 behind us, we've raised our goals for the quality of service we provide and the level of efficiency throughout our business for 2014 and beyond. This year, we'll build on our employee service skills with our next phase of customer service training and new measurements of our service consistency. We will continue to install satellite-based Wi-Fi on our mainline aircraft at a rate of 1 aircraft per day. We'll also continue installation of our onboard streaming video on mainline aircraft that don't have seat-back in-flight entertainment. Our customers will see the results of more investments at our airports this year as well. Tomorrow, we'll celebrate the opening of our ultra-modern Boarding Area E at our powerhouse West Coast hub in San Francisco. And later this month, we'll open a new global services lobby at Newark. In the second quarter, we'll move into our brand-new concourse B in Boston and the new terminal 2 at London Heathrow. Our customers will enjoy new United clubs in both Boston and London, and we'll continue to renovate other lounges across our global network as well. We are also installing power poles or power bars in the gate areas at all of our domestic hubs this year as so many of our passengers are now traveling with personal devices that they like to charge up before or between flights. Later this year, we'll begin a major multiyear renovation at our Los Angeles terminals which will improve our customers' experience and make our operations more efficient. We'll further improve our fleet by introducing 63 new highly efficient and customer-pleasing mainline and regional aircraft this year. These new aircraft will not only improve our customers' onboard experience and our reliability, but will also improve our fuel efficiency and, in turn, our bottom line. We are also going to improve the quality of our processes and procedures with the goal of making United much more efficient. Now that we have solid operational performance and improving customer service, we're taking a careful look at each aspect of our business to improve the quality and efficiency of everything that we do. To that end, we've launched an internal program called project quality to identify and implement leading techniques and continuously improve the processes throughout our operations and management functions. As we outlined at our Investor Day last November, our goal is to reduce our annual cost by $2 billion and generate at least $700 million of additional annual ancillary revenue within 4 years and the dedicated project quality team will lead that multiyear effort. In 2013, we worked hard to give our customers a reliable and flyer-friendly travel experience and to improve our financial results. This year, we'll continue to focus on operations, with the goal to be top tier in reliability. We will focus on deepening the level of customer satisfaction and aim to improve our customers' experience on United at every stage of their travel. Finally, we'll continue to focus on expanding our earnings materially and exceeding a 10% return on invested capital. We have a lot of work ahead of us to deliver the financial results we are capable of, but I'm confident that we have the plans, the people and the focus to reach our long-term potential. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim and John to go through our full year and fourth quarter results in greater detail and the plans we have in place to grow our earnings in 2014.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to take a moment and thank our employees for all they did to improve United's performance in 2013. We ran a good operation and delivered better customer service, both of which are critical for our customers and for our success. At United, we strive to be flyer-friendly by running a reliable operation and giving great customer service. I'd also like to recognize the men and women on the front line, who managed through the extreme winter weather earlier this month. The storms and subzero temperatures that began on January 1 and lasted 7 days were among the worst weather events in our history and resulted in more than 6,300 canceled flights. Thank you for taking care of and re-accommodating our customers and taking care of each other during a very tough operational period. 2013 was a foundational year for United, and we made solid improvements in our operations and revenue results. We invested in our people, operations, customer service, technology, product and network. This year, we will continue to invest and we will further leverage our existing assets to improve the quality of our airline. We are already seeing early returns from many of our investments, but we have much more work to do to reach our full potential. We ran a consistently reliable operation in 2013. We exceeded our goals for on-time performance in 6 months of the year. Our fourth quarter mainline on-time performance was 80.6%, which was top-tier among our peers. We recognized our employees' great work with $19 million in on-time incentive payouts for the 4th quarter and $54 million for the full year. We are also improving our customers' experience by reducing controllable delays and cancellations. For example, in the fourth quarter, we reduced maintenance cancellations by 14% year-over-year. In 2014, we are focused on running a highly reliable, yet much more efficient operation. Our goal is to deliver top-tier reliability for our customers, while improving the processes and procedures that we used throughout our operations. We are modernizing airport infrastructure to better accommodate today's traveler, enhancing the tools our employees use and, more appropriately, matching staffing with workload throughout the operation. For the full year, our consolidated capacity declined 1.4% year-over-year. 2013 was the third year in a row where we reduced capacity. Let me assure you that we will continue to be disciplined in how and where we deploy capacity. Over the next 4 years, we expect our consolidated capacity to grow less than GDP. In 2014, we expect our capacity to increase between 1% and 2% year-over-year. And this new capacity will be highly efficient. Our modest capacity growth will come from replacing older aircraft with new, fuel-efficient and larger gauge aircraft and by adding slimmer, next-generation economy seats. Our global network breadth will grow as we add new service in 2014, making United even more flyer-friendly. We will enhance our leading route network in 2014 by adding nonstop service on international long-haul routes such as San Francisco to Chengdu and Taipei, Houston to Munich, Chicago to Edinburgh and Washington to Madrid. San Francisco is the continent's premier West Coast gateway to Asia. This year, we will serve 8 Asian destinations nonstop and provide one-stop connectivity from over 80 cities to Asia. Our new Boarding Area E in San Francisco will be customer-friendly in every sense of the word. It will offer an up-close view of the airfield and the Bay Area from a 23 foot-high window wall, state-of-the-art workstations, healthy and local food offerings and enhanced seating options. Our 2 new nonstop flights from San Francisco to Chengdu and Taipei are good examples of the second phase of our Pacific network strategy. First, we built the best trans-Pacific network by flying to the most cities in Asia with the most nonstop flights of any U.S. carrier. We've launched those nonstop flights out of business-centric hubs like San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and Washington, D.C. Now we are beginning to introduce nonstop service to secondary cities in Asia, making travel even more convenient for our business and leisure customers alike. We expect first quarter 2014 consolidated capacity will increase between 0.3% and 1.3%. The severe weather -- the severe winter storms in January reduced first quarter capacity by approximately 0.6 points, and this impact is included in our current guidance. It is important to note that this year, the industry will face operational challenges due to FAR 117 and the new 1,500-minimum-flight-hour rule for new pilots. FAR 117 is the FAA's new regulation regarding flight time and duty rules for pilots. This new regulation decreases the utilization of pilots and hour flexibility in managing irregular operations. Our flight operations and network operations teams are working together to reduce the potential impact on our customers by adding buffer to crew schedules, enhancing tools to monitor schedules and hiring additional pilots. We expect that the combination of these new regulations will have a disproportionately greater impact on our regional partners, as mainline carriers hire regional carrier pilots due to the decreased productivity required by FAR 117. We are working to adjust our planned schedules to compensate. Shifting to our revenue results. Our fourth quarter consolidated PRASM increased 3.2% year-over-year. Our revenue results improved throughout the quarter, particularly as we captured strong traffic and generated high yields during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods. Part of this strong performance is due to flexing our capacity up more than 20% on the peak days during these holiday periods and flexing down our capacity more than 40% on the off-peak days. We also coordinate closely with our joint venture partners on holiday schedules, providing more options for our customers while producing a better financial outcome for the JV. Corporate revenue grew 7% in the fourth quarter, continuing our 2013 trend of steady year-over-year improvements. As I explained on our last earnings call, during the fourth quarter, we implemented 2 significant recalibrations to our demand forecast. These adjustments were made to shift the booking curve towards more close-in bookings and improve the yield mix. We are starting to see the intended results from our actions and expect our yield mix improvements to accelerate through the first half of the year. We currently expect first quarter consolidated PRASM to be between flat and up 2% year-over-year. This includes a 0.4 point negative PRASM impact due to lost revenue from the severe storms in early January and approximately 1 point negative PRASM impact due to Easter shifting into April this year. Ancillary revenue continued its strong growth in the fourth quarter, increasing 18% year-over-year, led by Economy Plus sales, which increased 31%. On a per-seat basis, Economy Plus revenue increased 36% as we leveraged our pricing tools to better adjust our pricing based on the demand forecast. At our Investor Day in November, we outlined a goal of exceeding $3.5 billion in annual ancillary revenue by 2017. We're positioned well to achieve this goal as we generated $2.8 billion from ancillary revenue in 2013 and expect to grow this by approximately 8% in 2014. We also fine-tuned our ability to provide our customers with an ancillary product offers most relevant to them based on factors such as customer and trip attributes. We saw increased ticket penetration through our direct digital channels in the fourth quarter, in part due to the enhanced functionality introduced throughout 2013. We've received excellent customer feedback on our new app and it is already having a positive impact on ancillary revenue. Ancillary sales via the app nearly doubled in the fourth quarter versus 2012. We're excited to roll out the first phase of our new website in the second quarter, which will provide improved ancillary opportunities, a better customer experience and lower distribution cost. We are also increasing our customers' access to ancillary products by distributing the content in the channel where some of our most valuable customers shop. We expect to begin offering our Economy Plus product through all 3 major GDS providers in the first half of 2014. This will allow our travel management company partners to fulfill Economy Plus transactions through their normal processes. Importantly, we'll be able to utilize the same dynamic pricing and offer the same rich information through the GDS providers as we do on united.com. We made good progress in 2013 and ended the year stronger. We have now shifted our focus to being an even more flyer-friendly airline for our customers in 2014 and beyond. United has an unmatched portfolio of assets, great employees, an unrivaled global network, an excellent fleet of aircraft and a customer-pleasing product offering. This year, we are excited by our opportunities to leverage these superb assets to satisfy our customers, drive efficiencies in our operation and improve the quality of our revenue results. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim. I also want to thank our employees for their great work in 2013. Due to their efforts, we made substantial improvements in our operational reliability and service that we deliver for our customers. Today, we reported $1.1 billion of net income for 2013, generating a pretax margin of 2.8% for the year and a return on invested capital of 10%. We made significant progress in 2013 in building the foundation for sustainable profits in excess of our cost of capital. We invested further in our people, product, technology and fleet. We strengthened our balance sheet and we laid the groundwork to become much more efficient in 2014 and beyond. For the fourth quarter and full year 2013, our consolidated operating expenses increased 2.3% and 2%, respectively. Fourth quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased only 0.6% year-over-year. For the full year 2013, our consolidated CASM, again, excluding fuel and third party business experience and profit-sharing, increased 6.3% year-over-year on 1.4% lower capacity. In each successive quarter in 2013, we slowed our year-over-year nonfuel CASM growth, an early sign of a cost discipline we're instilling throughout the business. For the full year, our operating margin increased by 1 percentage point to 4.6% in 2013. Our fourth quarter operating margin improved by more than 4.5 points year-over-year to 4.3%, marking our best fourth quarter operating margin since 2010. While we made meaningful strides in performance as the year progressed, we are not yet even close to where we want to be. Our team is committed to increasing returns and reducing cost for the long term. As Jeff mentioned, we are focused on improving the efficiency and quality of everything we do through project quality. This effort is designed to make fundamental, permanent changes to the way we do business. At our Investor Day in November, we outlined our plans to create sustainable long-term value for our investors while providing a great experience for our customers. In addition to the improvements we expect in passenger and ancillary revenue, we are implementing a $2 billion annual cost-saving initiative. These savings are comprised of $1 billion in annual fuel savings and $1 billion in annual nonfuel cost savings that we expect to achieve over the next 4 years. We will make meaningful progress in this initiative in 2014, particularly in the areas of productivity, maintenance and fuel consumption. We expect productivity to improve approximately 3.5% in 2014 through improved tools for customers and employees, reduced overtime and modifying layouts and processes at our airports, among other initiatives. In addition to achieving greater operational efficiency, in 2014, we also expect to have a cost tailwind related to pension and postretirement benefits. As interest rates have risen, we expect the discount rate used to calculate our liability to increase. We also modified these programs in the last year, which when combined with the increase in the discount rate and an updated experience study related to planned participation and retirement rates will reduce the expense associated with these 2 liabilities by over $100 million in 2014. The actions we are taking to become more efficient and reduce our costs, combined with the impact of lower discount rates, will help offset some of the other inflationary pressures we face in 2014 such as escalations in labor contracts, increases in airport rents and landing fees and higher engine overhaul volumes. We expect CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit-sharing to increase between 3.5% and 4.5% for the first quarter and between 1% and 2% for the full year. The investments we're making in our fleet, product and technology are critical to achieving the cost savings we'd outlined and the returns our shareholders and management team expect. In 2013, we took delivery of 26 new highly efficient and customer-pleasing aircraft, consisting of 24 737-900ERs and 2 787 Dreamliners. We also retired 36 older, less-efficient aircraft in 2013. We ended 2013 with 693 mainline aircrafts, 9 fewer than we started the year with. And over the long term, we intend to keep our mainline fleet size roughly flat at about 700 aircraft. To that end, in 2014, we expect to take delivery of 36 mainline aircraft, consisting of 30 737-900ERs and 6 787 Dreamliners, 2 of which will be the dash 9s. We also expect to introduce 27 Embraer 175 regional aircraft. These 76-seat aircraft are far more fuel-efficient and provide a superior customer experience and ancillary revenue opportunity versus the 50-seat aircraft they'll be replacing. We will also begin installing Split Scimitar Winglets on our 737-800 and 737-900ER aircraft in 2014, which will reduce fuel consumption by approximately 2% more on those aircraft. By replacing older, less-efficient aircraft with more fuel-efficient planes, installing winglets and implementing operational initiatives to reduce fuel consumption, we expect our fuel efficiency to improve by approximately 1.5% in 2014. At today's prices, that equates to approximately $200 million in annual cost savings. For 2014, we expect between $2.9 billion and $3.1 billion of gross capital expenditures, including purchase deposits. In addition to new aircraft, which I mentioned earlier, much of the remaining 2014 capital spend is technology and customer-facing product investments. These investments will enable many of the efficiency improvements we've outlined, as well as provide a better experience for our customers. In 2013, we made substantial progress improving our balance sheet, with $2.3 billion of debt and capital lease payments, of which approximately $400 million represented prepayments of debt maturing beyond 2013. Additionally, we redeemed approximately $240 million of convertible debt and ended the year with $6.1 billion of unrestricted liquidity, including our $1 billion undrawn revolver. We took a number of actions in 2013 to strengthen our balance sheet. We issued 2 tranches of unsecured debt, $300 million of senior unsecured notes maturing in 2018 with an interest rate of 6 3/8% and $300 million of senior unsecured notes due in 2020, with an interest rate of 6%. Importantly, these benchmark transactions will allow us to opportunistically pay off higher coupon instruments such as the $400 million of 8% unsecured notes due in 2024, which we prepaid earlier this month. We continue to make good progress on our goal of reducing non-aircraft-related debt and using our balance sheet to efficiently fund investment in our business. In addition to paying off the 8% notes, earlier this month we called for redemption of the remaining $156 million of the UAL 4.5% convertible notes due in 2021. Our balance sheet improvements resulted in our 2013 interest expense declining by $52 million year-over-year. Excluding non-cash mark-to-market fuel gains and losses, we expect full year 2014 nonoperating expense of approximately $700 million. Lastly, we continue to face headwinds from Washington increasing taxes and fees on air travel. Recently, Congress more than doubled the TSA security fee. For United alone, the net annual run rate impact from this increase is over $100 million. To make matters worse, a significant portion of the security fee increase will be used to pay for deficit-reduction rather than aviation security. There are now 16 different taxes and fees on air travel, representing a tax of approximately 21% on a typical domestic round-trip ticket, a rate that is higher than tobacco and alcohol, items which are taxed to discourage consumption. Our government should not be discouraging air travel as it's a powerful economic engine that accounts for 5% of this country's GDP. Instead of increasing our federal tax burden, Washington should recognize the need for a national airline policy that promotes a successful U.S. airline industry and helps grow jobs in our nation's economy. Our industry is taking a number of substantive, self-help measures to fix itself, increase taxes and fees from our government and a lack of coherent national airline policy represent one of the most significant threats to the long-term success of this industry. Despite the actions of Washington, we at United are eager to demonstrate our continued progress in 2014. Our financial priorities for 2014 are clear: significantly improve our efficiency, expand earnings and return on invested capital, make high return yet disciplined capital investments and further improve our balance sheet to reduce the risk in our business. We have a lot of work to do to achieve these results, but I'm confident that we have the right plan, the right people and the unwavering dedication to deliver for our employees, our customers and our investors. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: While I'm pleased with our accomplishments in 2013, I and my management team are far from satisfied. We know that we can produce better operational and customer service results and far better financial results from the terrific people and assets at United. And we're very excited about 2014 and beyond. Our goal is to make United employee-friendly by being a great place to work, customer-friendly by offering top-tier reliability, a competitive product and consistently strong customer service and investor-friendly by delivering improved financial results. We are dedicated to doing just that. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask their question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: John, question for you. So you got about $3 billion of CapEx scheduled, you got about $1.5 billion sized in debt maturities. That's $4.5 billion right there between the 2 of cash obligation. How much of that $4.5 billion -- you can talk directionally if you want. How much of that $4.5 billion is going to come from cash from operations or cash on hand versus new debt you're going to raise?
John D. Rainey: Hunter, we're optimistic about 2014 in what we can do in terms of operating cash flow. We've -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we issued 2 unsecured notes last year, each of $300 million, which in part are intended to provide a little bit more liquidity as we look at some of the refinancing opportunities that we have in the back half of the year and, specifically, I'm referring to the $800 million of notes that we can prepay beginning this September. And with respect to CapEx, the guidance that we've given of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion certainly puts pressure on free cash flow. But I want to emphasize that those are the right investments for our business. Those investments are going to enable us to achieve the returns that we expect over time.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Sure. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is there a scenario that you might possibly not raise debt this year?
John D. Rainey: Yes, there is a scenario, absolutely.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great.
John D. Rainey: Hunter, other than aircraft debt.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. A question on the JV. You guys have a revenue share, Delta has a P&L share. I'm talking specifically on the trans-Atlantic A++. Lufthansa runs A380s on that route and I think that's a big CASM tailwind that they get but it's probably dilutive to yields because it's such a big plane. So I guess it's a 2-part question. One, has there been some talk of maybe down-gauging some of the A380s on Lufthansa's side? And, two, is there a possibility that you guys may shift to a full-scale P&L share as opposed just revenue share to maybe capture some of those unit cost savings from the 380s that they're running?
James E. Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. A couple of points. One is without specifically I will tell you that the network teams from both sides clearly talked in great detail about capacity and what's best for the JV, as well as delivering a great product for our customers. And I'll use an example of the holiday period, which is a great example, where, in the past, you might find both carriers canceling on the same day and then you look up and the next day both carriers are flying. Well, this year, with that coordination, what you do you is you work with each other to make sure that one cancels on one day, one flies and the other one -- and vice versa, all delivering a great product and things like that. So that's just an example that says how detail a level of conversations and how we manage that capacity and understanding what our partners' needs are and the challenges that they face as they try to place capacity around their network. As it relate, again, the second phase is that we're always working with our JV partners about how to improve the JV. And so, we, right now, think the revenue share model is the one that works for us. We actually think that within that we have a lot of work to do to again make the product much more transparent to our customers and drive results on that. So we're comfortable with where we're at. That being said, we're always discussing kind of what's the JV look like in the future.
Operator: From Evercore, we have Duane Pfennigwerth on line.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of your stronger margin improvement in the fourth quarter, of that 4 points, how much would you say is a result of nonrecurring accounting true ups and can you talk about was there any region in particular that drove that acceleration in margin improvement?
John D. Rainey: Duane, this is John. Very little of what I attribute to nonrecurring items within the quarter. There's obviously some lumpiness from one month to the next. But we're really pleased with how it closed out the year. We had -- we're pushing hard internally to achieve some of the goals and we had broad support from all the divisions. And I think it's an early indication of what we expect for 2014 and why we're pretty optimistic looking into the year. And as far as regional strength, Jim might want to chime in, domestic continues to be a pretty good balance between supply and demand as that was stronger, particularly in December. But other than that, nothing really stands out.
James E. Compton: Duane, I would add just a little detail. The team did an amazing job of managing the holiday period, both from a capacity side, as well as managing the yield and the mix. So just a terrific job that exceeded our expectations on the top line.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then just a little detail. I may have missed it in the release. What was operating cash flow in the quarter?
John D. Rainey: Operating cash flow -- I don't have that. Let's see, it was -- for the fourth quarter, it was negative 3 34.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg on line.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 here. On the pension piece, John, you talked about how the expense, you have a bit of a tailwind. At your Investor Day, I think at the end of the third quarter, the liability was $1.8 billion. Where was that liability at year end? How did that settle off?
John D. Rainey: Just our pension? It was around $4 billion of the -- just the liability. Obviously that's offset by the plan assets. So the net liability was a little more than $1.5 billion.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Nice, a few more hundred million of improvement from the third quarter.
John D. Rainey: Right. I'll just add that we also saw a fairly significant decline in our other postretirement benefit obligation as well.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then just my second question. When we look at the CASM guidance, we have a little bit of a bump up in the March quarter and then it looks like it moderates through the year and it looks like it's a bit of a repeat from a year ago. And I'm just curious, is that weather? Is that cost maybe associated with some of these employee buyouts or potential furloughs? What's driving that bump in the early part of the year?
John D. Rainey: Mike, I'd probably point to 3 things. One is we have a fairly significant escalation in one of our labor agreements at the beginning of this year that was hitting us in the first quarter. We also have more lumpiness than usual, and I'll give you an example of that with respect to some of our other cost items. Our maintenance expense, a significant portion of that is airframes. Well in the first half of the year, we're going to spend twice as much on airframes as we will in the back half of the year. And a lot of that is just driven by the timing of checks. But the third thing, and perhaps most importantly, is there's a ramp-up to a lot of the efficiency initiatives that we have in 2014. As you can appreciate, not all of those begin on January 1. But we're excited about the early returns there. I think our fourth quarter results give you some indication about the progress and we're optimistic for how that rolls out in 2014.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn on line.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, I just wanted to follow up on the PRASM guidance. Just given the strong fourth quarter result versus your guidance, the optimism that we're hearing on the turnaround, your comments about accelerating improvement in yield mix, I can't help but wonder if some of the choppiness we experienced last year has caused the team to maybe add a bit more of a layer of conservatism to the PRASM guidance? Your thoughts?
James E. Compton: John, I think that's a fair assessment. As we look at our first quarter guidance, a little bit of color around it. As we guide to that flat to 2% up, last year, we ran a 5.9% RASM growth in the first quarter and far exceeded our peers in the industry on average. And so we are up against a little bit more difficult comps versus how we performed last year. The second piece is, as I mentioned, the weather impact of about 0.4 points of RASM to the downside to us. What we found is, in this weather event that was severe and of the 6,300 cancellation, a majority of those happened to be in Chicago. Normally, with a short weather event in a leisure period, you pretty much capture the traffic. But this is the time of year that we did recapture leisure traffic coming home from the holidays, but a lot of the business traffic that historically starts that first week of January heading out, particularly in Chicago, we didn't see the mix that we would have expected on a normal year given the severity of the weather. The third piece to our first quarter and maybe different from what other carriers are talking about, we actually see a point shift of RASM from March into April given the Easter effect and how our network operates within on that Easter so moving into the second quarter. And then the fourth piece maybe kind of tied to your comment, John. The team is really, really focused on the booking curve right now. I will tell you that on the revenue side, whether in it's any division, it's always about how do you better and how do you beat and so forth. But we are seeing the benefits of the mix change there and we do expect that to accelerate as we move through the first half of the year. So when you put it all back together, what we really see is terrific momentum coming off of the fourth quarter and a lot of excitement about 2014, but capturing some of those realities around the first quarter that leads to our guidance.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's really helpful. And John, if I could actually ask a question about costs. Some of the commentary that you gave on productivity improvements that are sort of being driven through the organization sounded pretty impressive. And when we think about the sort of walk in CASM x fuel throughout the year and where we are starting at in the first quarter and what the full year guidance looks like, I wonder, as we look towards the end of the year, could we actually be seeing flat to down CASM x fuel given the productivity improvements? Anything you can offer there?
John D. Rainey: Yes. I think that's a very reasonable assumption. As was mentioned in an earlier question, there's a lot more pressure in the first quarter. But we're pretty excited about the productivity improvements we're seeing. In the fourth quarter alone, we saw a 5.5% improvement in productivity with our labor forces. And as we continue to improve our operations, reduce our reliance on overtime, reduce call volume, things of that nature, we'll see those improvements bleed through into 2014. And you might remember, at our Investor Day, we talked about a multiyear goal of a 15% to 20% improvement and we are targeting a 3.5% improvement in 2014.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker on line.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, a follow-up to what you're saying just now about RASM. I certainly understand the point you're making about business travel getting off to a slow start in January because of the weather. But my view, which isn't necessarily correct, but my view nonetheless has always been that most business travel does get recaptured within a month or 2, perhaps not if you just missed the annual auto show, but if the role was to visit clients or do whatever one does for a living, you've still got to do that meeting in Chicago. Did you not incorporate any recapture in the guidance or did you incorporate that in the guidance? In other words, is it gone for good?
James E. Compton: Well, that's a great question, Jamie. I think what we do with our guidance is we take the information that we have at hand and try to make some assumptions to -- does business traffic that we would gone that first week of January or some portion of that start up later on in the quarter, I would agree with you, I think it does and so forth. And so it's a matter again to your point of what percent of that happens. We've tried to incorporate that in there. If that traffic is coming, it may or may not be seen in the yields that we see right now because it's still to be booked. But we clearly try to anticipate for that and our guidance kind of reflects our best look at what that data is saying right now.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. And a follow-up to the question that I actually touched on I believe last quarter, maybe it's the third quarter. But the New York market, Delta's indicated they hope to bring JFK up to a profit for this year. And it sounds like aircraft gauge and transcon flying are the driving factors for them as opposed to just a rising industry tide. I'm wondering how your Newark plan compares to this? I realize that hub is already profitable, but is the rate of improvement in Newark for 2014 consistent with your consolidated outlook or possibly the hub becomes a little bit less profitable as others improve their corporate share here in New York? Any updated thoughts on this topic?
James E. Compton: Jamie, so for us, New York is obviously a terrific profit center for us. It has been a while. We think that as we've talked about in the past, the advantage for us is that true connecting hub. So if something is changing in the local market, we have the ability to connect high-yield flow across that. But that being said, I'll point to our 7% corporate revenue growth in the fourth quarter. That was our strongest growth of any quarter during 2013. It gets back to why we're excited about the momentum as we head into 2014. So whether it's New York or across the system, we think that what we're seeing is great momentum across the system. I will add that in the transcon, we see some of our pressures, particularly in Newark, began last April with Virgin America's entry in [indiscernible]. And so, as we kind of manage and try to optimize revenue around that, we actually see upside as we go through the year as we lap some of that experience that happened in 2013. So we're very excited.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. If I could just quickly squeeze in something for John, just on the fuel efficiency. Based on the consumption guidance that you gave, it looks like ASM's per gallon will improve this year by about 1.7%. You indicated 1.5%. So it sounds like we're on the same page. But as we look at the 2015 fleet plan that you provided, should the rate of improvement slow or stay roughly the same?
John D. Rainey: Jamie, when we talk about the $1 billion in nonfuel cost savings, I've been asked this question quite a bit, most of that -- sorry, fuel cost savings -- most of that is through the efficiency of new planes. There are some operational initiatives that we have. But I think it's a fair assumption for your modeling perspective to assume that the savings are fairly ratable with our delivery of airplanes over that period of time.
Operator: From Cowen and Company, we have Helane Becker on line.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, what is the amount of cash you have trapped in Venezuela? And have you been able to shift point of sale away from that market? What's your thought about that given today's devaluation?
John D. Rainey: Yes. It's a very topical question, Helane. We've got about $80 million of cash that's trapped there in Venezuela right now. Obviously, we, along with other carriers, have had trouble repatriating that in a timely fashion. In terms of point-of-sale shift, I'm going to turn that over to Jim.
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane, Jim. This is one where John and I are connected at the hip, because what we do is obviously manage the economics, so as the devaluation effects the overall results of the economics, the team understands that and tries to make the correct point of sale from a revenue management and a network perspective. It's a very strong point of sale out of Venezuela, but we do try to adjust for the impact of things such as devaluation. We work very closely with John's team on that.
John D. Rainey: And I would add, we are still waiting to hear based upon yesterday's announcement from the government if the cash that we have there can be repatriated at the older rate or the -- it's got to be repatriated at the new rate.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then can I just ask about the San Francisco hub? I think I read that they're closing the runways this summer like on an alternating basis to do maintenance. So can you just talk about that and how that's going to affect your operation and from an on-time perspective and so on?
Gregory L. Hart: Sure, Helane, this is Greg. Obviously, we're aware of the impact that's going to have in San Francisco and we a proactively gone out and reduced our schedule a little bit to help facilitate better performance of the hub in anticipation of some issues related to the runway closures.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. So that's all included in the full year guidance?
James E. Compton: Yes, Helane, this is Jim. Our guidance incorporates the runway closures.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Thomas Kim on line.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: What are your thoughts about industry capacity continuously ramping up in Asia, particularly in the view of the soft yield environment? For example, are there any signs of demand accelerating or should we be concerned here at all about further headwinds with regard to the overall impact on PRASM?
James E. Compton: Tom, this is Jim. A couple of comments. One, it's a very strong performing part of our network and continues to be, so given the economic growth in China in particular. We're excited about here is that we know the competitive challenges out there and, for instance, 20% growth of capacity we've seen in China, most of that -- really that capacity growth is into Beijing and Shanghai, which is why we talked about a second phase of our Pacific strategy of secondary cities, so the San Francisco-Chengdu point. The other piece is as we move through the year, we have a lot of initiatives in terms of getting the right aircraft on the right market. If you remember, we've talked about our 747 in the tech ops team has built back in tremendous reliability into that fleet. Whereas last year, we concentrated in San Francisco, this year we'll be able to place it in markets that better fit the demand. So for instance, Chicago to Shanghai and Chicago, Tokyo will be on the 74 and one of the 74s will actually go Chicago-Frankfurt. So the point being was from us, we have many initiatives to kind of optimize the network out there, and that's in kind of understanding the competitive pressures that are out there and working with what we think is the best footprint, the conversation about San Francisco earlier, there is no better gateway in terms of serving the Pacific. And we think with the moves we're making with the fleet, with our second phase of our Pacific strategy of secondary cities, we are well-positioned in an entity that operates at a really high level.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. What is your capacity growth plan for trans-Pac this year?
James E. Compton: We don't break out the entities. So all we've guided to is that system of 1% to 2% for 2014.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And John, can I ask you just a question with regard to GAAP-based taxes. How shall we be thinking about how that's going to be evolving as earnings continue to improve?
John D. Rainey: Sure, Tom. There's not a bright line test on when we begin booking taxes. At the end of 2014, we'll get with our accountants and we'll look at the various metrics that they evaluate. And for example, one of the things that looked -- that is evaluated is a cumulative 3-year earnings on a GAAP basis. And as we had a significant number of special charges in 2012, that actually put us into a GAAP loss position. But it's something that we'll evaluate at the end of 2014. And it would be a few years likely before we would pay cash taxes because we do have significant NOLs.
Operator: This concludes our investor analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Bloomberg News, we have Mary Schlangenstein on line.
Mary Schlangenstein: I just wanted to see if you had any impact during the quarter or the full year from the valuation changes in the yen?
John D. Rainey: We did. We've had the depreciation of the yen hurt our results. In fact, in the fourth quarter, it resulted in about a half a point decline in our consolidated RASM because of what happened there with the yen. We are hedged a little bit more into 2014. We've got about 30% of our exposure hedged at a little bit less than where the market is today. So it's a slight gain position.
Operator: And from the Associated Press, we have Josh Freed on the line.
Josh Freed: You'd mentioned a little bit earlier about the storm impact in January. Did you give that in dollar terms and if you didn't, could you?
John D. Rainey: Sure, Josh. This is John Rainey. The storm impact on a revenue basis, gross revenue, was about $80 million. Obviously, as we canceled over 6,000 flights, we didn't consume as much fuel and we had some cost savings, which muted that impact. So the net impact to us in January was about $60 million.
Operator: And that is our final question, I will now turn it back over to our speakers for any final remarks.
Sarah Murphy: With that, actually, we're going to conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2013. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host, for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's 2013 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review operational performance, capacity and revenue. John will follow with a discussion of our costs, fleet and capital structure. Jeff will make a few closing remarks and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter, these items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you, all, for joining us on our third quarter 2013 earnings call. Today, we reported a profit of $590 million for the third quarter, an improvement of 13.5% year-over-year or $1.51 per diluted share. I want to thank all of my co-workers for running a reliable airline and delivering great customer service. I'd also like to thank our customers for choosing to fly United. We appreciate your business. We also appreciate the positive feedback we've been receiving from you about the significant improvements we've made to our operations, customer service and product. Although our third quarter earnings marked our highest level of quarterly profits since the third quarter of 2011, our financial performance this quarter did not meet our expectations and fell far short of what we can and should deliver. We are committed to achieving the full potential of United. As we've said before, our 3 goals for 2013 are to deliver solid operational performance, to deliver great customer service, and to beat our financial plan. We've made meaningful progress on 2 of those 3 fronts this year, but our financial results remain unsatisfactory. We need to accelerate our revenue growth and improve our efficiency in the coming quarters and years. There are several key drivers for our lower-than-expected passenger revenue results this quarter. The first is related to the demand forecast we input into our revenue management system, which was biased toward accepting too many low-yield bookings early in the booking curve. This resulted in very high load factors and a weak yield mix. Another involves suboptimization of our fleet. A third factor is increased competitive pressure in the Pacific entity, particularly, in China. Jim will explain in more detail these items and the prompt actions we are taking to improve our revenue and yield mix. We have a lot of work ahead, but our team knows what we need to do to address the revenue and cost issues we have and to accelerate our improvements in financial performance. In a few minutes, I'll turn the call over to Jim and John to provide details on the specific actions we're taking on both revenue and costs. But first, let me briefly update you on our progress on our other 2 goals of delivering solid operational performance and great customer service. We ran a solid and competitive operation in the third quarter, with a mainline on-time arrival rate of 78.9% and a mainline completion factor of 99.2%. September was our best month of 2013 and our second-best month since 2010 for domestic on-time arrivals, at nearly 85%. Our team's performance year-to-date demonstrates that our operations are, once again, stable and reliable. And with the peak travel season behind us, we can now begin to run our operation with far more efficiency than we have in the past. We also continue to make progress on our goal of delivering great customer service. This is evidenced by our customer satisfaction scores for September that were 37% higher than they were 1 year ago at this time. In addition, the number of written customer compliments we've received about our co-workers has increased 45% year-to-date. So far, more than 40,000 of our agents and flight attendants have participated in our customer service training program. We've made great progress in customer service and are committed to building upon and improving the skills our coworkers have honed this year. We plan to continue to invest in customer service training and standards, and we believe that great customer service at United can become a powerful competitive differentiator. During the third quarter, we also made significant progress bringing United's work groups together. In early September, we accepted an integrated seniority list from the Airline Pilots Association. This list allows us to bring together our more than 12,000 pilots to form one pilot group, which will allow us to fully integrate our flight operations. In addition, we offered a recall to all pilots who remained on furlough and are in a good staffing position as we approach the implementation date for the new flight duty time rules of FAR 117 in January of next year. Also in September, we announced tentative agreements with the International Association of Machinists for joint collective bargaining agreements for the work groups represented by the IAM. These tentative agreements cover 28,000 of our customer service representatives, ramp agents, storekeepers and customer contact center representatives, and are currently in the ratification process. We continue in joint negotiations with our other work groups, as well. Bringing our work groups together is important and we continue to work closely with our unions to reach responsible joint collective bargaining agreements. As we do so, we continue to build our working-together culture, which will help us improve our customer service and, in turn, our profitability. In addition to investing in our customer service and our people, we are investing in our product with the goal of offering our customers a comfortable, consistent and personalized flight experience every time they travel with United. We've made substantial improvements to our onboard product. This month, we unveiled our new economy seat design, focused on customer comfort, revenue generation and fuel efficiency, all with a sophisticated, modern look. This seat has a slimmer, more ergonomic design, providing more customer comfort while allowing us to improve the operating economics of the aircraft on which it's installed. Over the next few years, our customers will experience this new seat on more than 500 mainline and regional aircraft. United has the industry-leading portfolio of preferred seating options, including the most extra-legroom economy seats and the most premium-cabin flat-bed seats of any U.S. carrier. We are making strides in modernizing our in-flight entertainment, as well. Today, we have over 115 aircraft flying with Wi-Fi and are installing our satellite-based global Wi-Fi product on our remaining mainline fleet at the rate of about 1 aircraft a day. We're also preparing to launch a new streaming video in-flight entertainment product beginning later this year, which will allow our customers to view a variety of on-demand entertainment options on their own devices. Our digital channels are critical to our strategy of providing personalized experiences, real-time information and more control over the travel experience to our customers. And during the third quarter, we updated the functionality of our mobile app. In the fourth quarter, we will be launching a significantly enhanced version of our mobile app and I expect that our customers will appreciate its design, functionality and ease-of-use. Our customers can now purchase most of our ancillary products directly through the United app. While ancillary sales through our mobile channel still represent a small portion of our total ancillary revenue, we've seen tremendous growth in this space, with the year-to-date mobile channel ancillary sales having more than doubled year-over-year. Our improving product aligns with our business-centric global network. Our growing fleet of highly efficient Boeing 787 Dreamliners enables us to fly new routes that would not have been feasible without these aircraft. Thanks to the considerable progress we've made in our operational reliability and our customer service, along with our significant investments in our people, our product, our technology and our network, we were ready in September to launch our new ad campaign centered around United's iconic "Fly the Friendly Skies" tagline and Rhapsody in Blue theme song. Our new ad campaign redefines what it means for an airline to be friendly in our modern era. To our customers, friendly now means being user-friendly throughout the entire travel experience, from shopping and booking, to check-in, to boarding, to in-flight, to retrieving bags. We are working hard to give our customers the operational reliability, customer service, network, convenience, options, technology and product they need to have a consistently enjoyable travel experience and to deliver on our promise of being flyer-friendly. We're also working hard to deliver to you, our shareholders, the financial performance that our strong assets and team of over 80,000 co-workers can generate. Improving our financial results is an absolute priority. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim and John, to go through, in greater detail, this quarter's results and the actions we're taking to improve our future results.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd first like to thank my co-workers for running a reliable operation and providing steadily improving customer service this quarter. I also want to thank all of our customers for choosing United. We are committed to being flyer-friendly in every aspect of your travel experience. We continued to improve our on-time performance in the third quarter, with a mainline on-time arrival rate of 78.9%. Our operational performance, relative to our peers, improved with only 1 percentage point of on-time performance separating us from top-tier performance. We're pleased to have recognized our co-workers for their accomplishments this quarter with incentive payouts of $9 million. And this month, we're on track to exceed our on-time arrival goals for another payout in October. We've seen clear operational benefits from many of the actions we've taken over the last 18 months, all of which contributed to our solid operational results. As we move past the summer peak, our focus has shifted to running a more efficient operation while delivering reliability. We are taking every opportunity to reduce the amount of time it takes to taxi an aircraft into the gate, to bring a jet bridge up to an aircraft to begin deplaning, and to turn an aircraft between flights. We're improving our efficiency through enhanced tools for our co-workers, more powerful self-service technology for our customers and a more appropriate matching of staffing with demand. Our third quarter consolidated capacity declined 1.1% year-over-year, driven by capacity decreases in the domestic and Pacific entities. Our network planning team continually analyzes new opportunities to redeploy current aircraft to new markets in order to make United even more attractive to our customers and to improve our return profile. We expect fourth quarter consolidated capacity will increase between 2.5% and 3.5%. Approximately half of this increase is due to our reduced flying as a result of Superstorm Sandy in the fourth quarter of 2012. We expect full year 2013 consolidated capacity to decrease between 1.2% and 1.4%. Moving to our revenue results. Our third quarter total revenue of $10.2 billion reflects many of the improvements we've made in our operations, customer service and merchandising capabilities. Our third quarter consolidated PRASM increased 2.7% year-over-year, which was lower than our original expectations for the quarter. Although we did improve our third quarter PRASM versus 2012, our revenue results were not at the level we expected or deem acceptable. As Jeff noted, there are several key drivers for our lower-than-expected passenger revenue results. The first is related to the demand forecast we input into our revenue management system. Another involves the suboptimization of our fleet. A third factor is increased competitive pressure in the Pacific entity, particularly, in China. Let me assure you, we are taking aggressive action to fix the causes of our underperformance and, in turn, grow our revenue at a faster rate. First, we have determined that the demand forecast we were using to manage our inventory underestimated the level of close-in booking demand. That erroneous demand forecast biased our revenue management system to open lower-yield inventory buckets further out in the booking curve. As a result, while we ran very high load factors this quarter, our yield mix was lower than it should have been, had we used a more accurate demand forecast. The impact of this issue intensified in mid-September as we shifted from the more leisure-centric summer period to the fall, when there is more business travel and more close-in booking demand. What's key going forward is that this month we implemented the first of 2 significant recalibrations to the demand forecast we are using for future bookings. The first recalibration adjusted our forecast to shift our booking curves toward more close-in bookings. This will reduce the number of low-yield bookings we accept further out from departure and maintaining of seat availability to maximize close-in higher-yield bookings. The second recalibration to our demand forecast will occur in November and will update the demand forecast to be more weighted to recent demand trends than prior-year history. Together, these changes will enable us to capture more higher-yielding traffic than we have recently. Since we accept bookings up to 11 months before departure, it will take some time to see the full effect of this recalibration. However, we anticipate realizing accelerating yield improvements during the first half of 2014. Second, to ensure we minimize any operational challenges during the peak summer travel period, we took a more conservative approach to revenue management by limiting the booking levels we would accept on a given flight. That was the right thing to do then. Today, however, as we are running a consistently reliable operation and have a longer history of booking data and traffic flows across our network, we are moving away from those tactics. We have a more accurate assessment of customer behaviors such as no-shows and cancellation rates across our system, than we did at this time last year, and have adjusted our inventory availability and booking levels accordingly to drive incremental revenue. Third, while our global route network is the best in the industry, we still have opportunities to optimize our footprint and choose the best aircraft for a particular route. For example, last summer, due to operational reliability issues we were experiencing with our Boeing 747 aircraft, we moved our entire 747 fleet to San Francisco to increase our maintenance touch points and provide better spares and swap capability to minimize operational issues. While this was not a revenue-maximizing decision in the short-term, it was important that we quickly improve the reliability of the 747 fleet. Now that we have improved the reliability of those aircraft, after putting them through an intensive preventive maintenance program, we're comfortable returning the 747s to their optimal routes. That includes the routes originating in Chicago. We expect this change will drive around $40 million in additional benefit next year. Although what I have been talking about constitutes just some of the many actions we are taking to improve our passenger revenue, they are among the most critical and impactful ones. I want to assure you, we will remain vigilant and flexible as we implement these actions and will consider others to improve our performance, all while continuing to run a competitively reliable airline delivering great customer service. We are facing a challenge in the Pacific region. During the third quarter, our Pacific unit revenue declined 9.4% year-over-year, driven by capacity growth from domestic and international competitors in China and by an additional headwind of $55 million in the quarter due to yen weakness. As you know, we are the largest U.S. carrier to China, with more than twice the capacity of our next largest U.S. competitor. Demand for travel to and from China continues to grow at one of the highest rates globally, and in response, there has been a flood of new competitive capacity into that market. In total, in the third quarter, competitive industry capacity between the U.S. and Beijing and Shanghai increased 20% year-over-year, and we see that trend persisting in the fourth quarter. As we moved from the summer into the shoulder period in September, we saw our yields and load factor on flights to China deteriorate at a rate over and above what we originally anticipated. Despite the year-over-year Pacific PRASM declines, the region remains a critical asset for us and a key differentiator. We operate ideal Pacific gateways in San Francisco and Los Angeles, the 2 largest local markets on the West coast, and offer our customers an unmatched level of service to China. While our offering between the U.S. and Asia is unrivaled, we continue to look for opportunities to expand our presence while maintaining overall capacity discipline. As you may know, we will soon start selling tickets on our new nonstop service from San Francisco to Chengdu, China. The 787 makes this service viable and enables United to be the first mover among domestic carriers to serve such important markets in Asia. We're also working to provide our customers a consistent, user-friendly travel experience from end to end. We're doing this by offering great seating options, providing a comprehensive portfolio of ancillary projects -- products, rolling out global satellite Wi-Fi across our mainline fleet, improving our self-service technology and delivering excellent customer service. We now have Economy Plus seating installed on nearly all of our mainline aircraft and on many of our larger regional aircraft. Further, we are the only U.S. carrier to offer flat-bed seats on every long-haul international flight from the U.S. Ancillary revenue continued to show strong growth in the third quarter, as ancillary revenue per passenger grew 16% year-over-year to over $20 per passenger. Economy Plus upsell was, once again, a primary driver of this growth, increasing 19% year-over-year in the third quarter. We further enhanced our ability to dynamically price Economy Plus in the third quarter by migrating Economy Plus to our merchandising platform, which enables us to easily adjust pricing based on load factors and forecasted demand. We also saw substantial growth from paid premium cabin upgrades, with a 27% increase year-over-year. With our strong ancillary revenue growth in the first 3 quarters of 2013, we are well-positioned to exceed our 2013 goal of increasing ancillary revenue per passenger by 9%. We're continuing to invest in the technology our customers want and use. This quarter, we enhanced our mobile apps, which now offer functionality for customers to modify their flight itineraries in the case of a delayed or canceled flight. We've also installed global satellite-based Wi-Fi on more than 115 aircraft to date and are installing the product on about 1 aircraft per day. Turning to our near-term passenger revenue outlook. Many of the recent pressures we experienced in the third quarter persist in October and the fourth quarter, which is a quarter during which we will also be growing our consolidated capacity between 2.5% and 3.5%. We currently estimate our October consolidated PRASM to decrease between 2.5% and 3.5% year-over-year. This includes an approximately 1.5-point negative PRASM impact due to the government shutdown. We estimate our fourth quarter consolidated PRASM to be flat to down 2% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. We are working hard to provide our customers the network, the product and the service they desire when they travel. While we're disappointed in our revenue results, we're making the right adjustments and have the right plans in place to address the issues and profitably grow our top line in the quarters and years to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim, and thanks to our co-workers for working together to deliver great service and reliability for our customers this quarter. Today, we reported over $0.5 billion of profit for the third quarter, but our financial results are not yet where we expect them to be. We're making tremendous progress operationally and in our customer service, supported by feedback from our customers and co-workers. But we now need to translate that into better financial results than we are reporting today. The entire team is working hard to accelerate the achievement of our financial goals. This quarter, we earned $590 million of net income, resulting in a 5.8% pretax margin, a 0.5-point improvement year-over-year. So far this year, we have increased our pretax margin in 6 of the 9 months and expect our fourth quarter pretax margin to increase year-over-year also. Our third quarter CASM, excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, grew 6.4% versus 2012, at the low end of our guidance range. Our better operational reliability was the primary contributing factor to the improvement in the third quarter CASM versus our guidance. Running a solid operation results in lower overtime expense, maintenance expense and re-accommodation expense. In each successive quarter this year, we have reduced our nonfuel CASM year-over-year increase, and we expect that trend to continue in the fourth quarter. We expect our fourth quarter CASM, excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, to increase about 1% versus the same period in 2012. And for the full year, we expect it to increase between 6% and 6.5% year-over-year. Our increase in nonfuel unit costs this year will be the high water mark for United and we are targeting an annual nonfuel CASM increase lower than inflation for the foreseeable future. Running a reliable operation is fundamental to our company-wide cost reduction efforts. In the fourth quarter, our productivity will improve year-over-year. We're investing in tools that will make our co-workers more efficient and provide self-service capabilities to our customers. These investments, among other initiatives, will enable us to further increase our productivity over time and allow our co-workers to provide even better customer service. With better reliability and customer service, we are experiencing lower call volumes to our reservation and service centers, and issuing fewer travel vouchers than last year. Beginning with the November schedule, we've reduced scheduled block times and plan to continue to schedule the airline in a more efficient manner next year. Importantly, though, our commitment to lowering our costs goes well beyond returning to prior levels of efficiency. This summer, we embarked on a comprehensive company-wide effort to improve the efficiency and quality of everything we do. Improving our fuel efficiency is a top priority and we continue to demonstrate progress in this area. Our third quarter capacity declined 1.1% year-over-year, but our fuel consumption declined 2%. The incremental 1% improvement in fuel efficiency is primarily due to replacing older aircraft with highly efficient new Boeing 737-900ERs and 787 Dreamliners, and we expect this trend to continue as we further improve the efficiency of our fleet. In September, we reached joint tentative agreements for the work groups represented by the IAM, and these agreements are currently up for a ratification vote with the membership. Earlier this year, we offered eligible employees in those workgroups an Early Out program, contingent upon ratification of the joint collective bargaining agreements. More than 1,000 employees have expressed interest in the Early Out programs and if the tentative agreements are ratified, we will begin the separation process for those eligible employees who choose to be part of the program. In the fourth quarter, we expect between $730 million and $750 million of gross capital expenditures. During the quarter, we plan to take delivery of 6 new fuel-efficient Boeing 737-900ERs and 1 Boeing 787 Dreamliner, and we expect to retire 12 domestic 757-200s. We expect to end the year with 693 mainline aircraft, 9 less than last year. We make our fleet replacement decisions with the goal of maximizing return on invested capital over the life of the asset. In the case of the 737-900ER and the 787, these are great additions to our fleet that help deliver better returns. In the third quarter, we continued to install slimline seats and global Wi-Fi on our Airbus fleet. This is part of an initiative to refurbish the interiors of that fleet and improve its profitability. This investment significantly improves the onboard experience for our customers and, at the same time, results in a better return for our shareholders as we defer capital investment. By investing a modest amount of capital in this fleet, we will be able to fly these aircraft years longer than we originally intended. We ended the quarter with $6.7 billion of unrestricted liquidity, including our $1 billion undrawn revolving credit facility. We made $253 million of debt and capital lease payments in the third quarter. As we continue to pay down debt, our pool of unencumbered assets continues to grow. As of the third quarter, we had approximately $5 billion of unencumbered assets, which includes more than 90 unencumbered aircraft. We expect to make approximately $250 million in debt and capital lease payments in the fourth quarter, bringing our total debt and capital lease payments this year to $2.3 billion. Our maturity profile for the next 4 years is much lower than the last 4 years, with an average of $1.2 billion in annual scheduled debt and capital lease payments. This reflects the significant progress we've made in improving our balance sheet and reducing our outstanding debt and, as a result, decreasing the financial risk in the business. We've made progress in improving our financial stability this year, but our financial results do not reflect our full potential. We're committed to expanding our margins each year through both revenue improvements and cost reduction. Our goal is to create economic value each and every year, and the foundation we've laid over the last year positions us well to achieve these goals and push them higher over time. We expect more from ourselves than the financial results we are reporting today and are taking aggressive actions to address the factors that contributed to our financial underperformance. I am confident that we will be able to deliver financial results that provide a better return for our shareholders, a better career for our employees and a better overall product and experience for our customers. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. Our operations, our customer service, our product, our technology, our network and our culture have all clearly improved in 2013, and I'm proud of our team's work to create the airline we are today. We are, however, underperforming financially. We know it and we are fixing it. I look forward to reporting to you on our progress and continuing improvement in the quarters and years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First we'll take questions from the analyst community, then we'll take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Deutsche Bank, we have Mike Linenberg online.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple questions here. John, I just want to go back just to the commentary you mentioned about the margins in the fourth quarter. So I think you indicated that your pretax margin would be better in the fourth quarter year-over-year. Did you mention -- did you say the same about the operating margin?
John D. Rainey: We've made no comment on the operating margin, but there's not a lot of noise in the non-op area. We gave guidance with respect to what we would expect the mark-to-market hedges to be as of -- the fuel curve as of October 17. So there shouldn't be a disproportionate relationship between the 2.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just the -- I guess, maybe as a clarification on the improvement in the pretax margin, can you give us a sense, I mean, are we -- when we say improvement, are we talking about 10 basis points here or something that would suggest that things are definitely moving in the right direction, something maybe more material?
John D. Rainey: Mike, if you took the midpoint of our guidance, along with Jim's commentary on revenue, that would guide you to something close to breakeven. Obviously, we'd like to see better financial results than that, and we're not letting off the accelerator here. We think that there's opportunity to improve both in the fourth quarter, as well as going into next year. And we're quite optimistic about where we're headed. This is disappointing, in the sense that this quarter we think we should be doing better than what we've reported, but we've got a lot of things identified that we're very encouraged about and confident that we can deliver as well.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, very good. And then just jumping over, just a quick one on labor, maybe this is to Jeff, on the pilots. So we have the seniority integration list done, how quickly will we see the mixing and matching of the pilots across the fleet? And then the IAM vote, when is that taking place? What's the time frame?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure. I think you'll see, fairly quickly, the mixing and matching. Recognize that we're not going to do a flush bid. What will happen is as vacancies on different pieces of equipment open, then the integrated seniority list takes over from there in terms of pilots from each former subsidiary bidding into those aircraft. So that takes some degree of time, but that's already occurring and it will begin to occur in November. The -- in terms of the vote, the vote for the IAM will be concluded by the end of this month.
Operator: From Cowen Securities, we have Helane Becker online.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Just on the revenue improvements that you're going to strive for over the next, say, year or so, who takes ownership of that?
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. I take ownership of that. And as I mentioned in my comments, disappointed in our results, but I am -- as soon as we understood the contributing factor, we took that swift action to adjust the forecast going forward. And I described the 2 recalibrations that -- one that we've already accomplished and the second one that -- coming in November, that will take the seasonality more into this year and have recent trends drive the forecast, versus relying on past-year experience.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just can you say -- you said, I think, 1 or 1.5 points due to last year. Did you say whether it was due to Sandy? I mean, due to the shutdown, right? 1.5 points in unit revenue or something? Could you say what the impact on unit revenue in the quarter is going to be as a result of the hurricane? Because I think you're probably impacted more than some of your peer group.
James E. Compton: Helane, so in terms -- just for clarification, the 1.5 points was due to the government shutdown, that affects the October results that I guided to. Hurricane Sandy was approximately 1 point of RASM impact in terms of the hurricane.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay on the line.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: So you guys talked about the suboptimal demand and the yield curve and fleets, but what I didn't really hear, other than the 747 example at SFO, was how do we know if you guys have the right capacity in the right markets? Should we expect to see material shifts in your capacity between hubs? And can you firmly say that all of the hubs that you operate as hubs right now deserve to be hubs?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hunter, this is Jeff, let me take that question. Every hub has to earn its right to be a hub every day. And that's all I will comment on that.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So as you talk about closing the margin gap to the industry, can you help me -- I know you gave us some color in terms of CASM inflating at a rate less than inflation. I'm assuming that's about 2%. But can you help me understand how much, on a scale -- on a percentage basis to 100, how much of the margin gap closure next year is going to come from revenue and how much is going to come from costs?
John D. Rainey: Hunter, this is John, I'll take that. I think there is an equal opportunity for both. In addition to the aggressive efforts that Jim is leading up on the revenue side, we've got a significant opportunity on the cost side, and we're going to be rolling out at our Investor Day next month a lot more specificity with respect to what those efforts are. But we talked about, all year long, that we can be much more efficient than what we're doing. And I'll give you an example. We're beginning some efforts to implement lean initiatives in many of the operational aspects of our business. And right now, we're piloting a program in Newark, where we're looking at the ticket counter, as well as the bag areas, in terms of how we can run what is a lean operation. And that's something that you can't do across the board all at once. We'll do this in certain areas, learn from our mistakes and what we can improve upon, and then roll it out to other areas. But this is an example of something that we can do to be much more efficient with respect to our cost structure.
Operator: From Barclays, we have David Fintzen online.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe one for Jim. I just want to get sort of some added color on some of the demand forecasting commentary. I mean, obviously, we've -- Delta had sort of similar problems in the sense that they -- earlier in the year, I think they were holding out for too much inventory and it didn't happen, and they kind of solved that problem and unwound it in a couple of months and it didn't really have this kind of long-lasting or dramatic impact. So I'm -- what I'm not hearing is sort of some structural issues. I mean, it sounds like a lot of tactics to fix these revenue problems. But if I look at a market like Newark, is it just revenue management that kind of explains some of the lagging in, say, Newark RASM? Or are there some structural initiatives that we should be thinking about that roll out into next year that start to address some of these issues in some of these hotspots?
James E. Compton: Hey, David, this is Jim. Now here's how I would think about it or how I think about it. If you took our September PRASM, we underperformed the industry by about 4.5 points. And we also said in our traffic release in September, the results reduced by more than 1 point as we adjusted our estimated yields on certain interline tickets from prior periods. So the remaining gap that -- as it relates to September, was due to the competitive capacity between the U.S. and China and from competitive capacity in the U.S. domestic, particularly in transcon, to your point on Newark, as we've seen the capacity growth, particularly in the LAX-to-Newark and San Francisco-Newark, with the increasing capacity brought in by Virgin America and the lower fares and our capacity to match the demand to that lower fares. So if we kind of -- if you step outside the interline yield adjustment, the early estimates are somewhat weighted between the China capacity and what I'm talking about, the domestic capacity and the forecast.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the way I think about it, when we go -- so when we take a step back and go sort of prior to September, if we go back and look at some of your summer performance, is that more indicative of the kind of performance we should -- relative RASM performance, we should be seeing as we -- as you get past some of these -- some of the revenue management issues? I mean, I guess, China sounds like it's going to linger for longer. I'm just -- I'm trying to sort of weigh sort of tactics versus sort of structural issues here.
James E. Compton: Yes. I mean -- so we think there may have been modest impact to the summer, prior to -- with the revenue management impact that I'm talking about. But we clearly saw it accelerating in September and made swift actions to adjust for that. We have a really strong network with really key hubs and we have a lot of opportunities to leverage the hubs going forward that we're not capturing today or in the past summer. So what we're focused on here in United is correcting for the challenge we have due to the demand forecast that I talked about, and then continuing to build on the assets that we have, particularly in our key hubs. Examples of that are our recent announcement in San Francisco, for San Francisco to Chengdu, on the 787. We're going to continue to work with our JV partners. If you remember, last year, working with our partner, ANA, we reduced our flying between Narita and Taipei. And this spring, we'll start San Francisco to Taipei. The point being, we have all kinds of examples where we have a lot of opportunity to leverage the network that we have out there and build on our key hubs that we have. So we're disappointed in our performance. We're quickly adjusting for it and we obviously think we're going to build on the steady state that we've seen this past summer.
John D. Rainey: Hey, David, I just want to add to Jim's comments, to his point. Yes, I think people tend to focus a lot on year-over-year results and, particularly, we've seen the -- a little bit of softness in the year-over-year results with -- as it relates to the Pacific. But that continues to be a terrific part of our network. We love our footprint there. And the example that Jim talked about, about expanding to Chengdu from San Francisco, is another way that we'll continue to benefit going forward there.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn online.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jeff, I remember, a few years ago, you made headlines by not taking a salary or bonus until Continental made a profit, which, at the time, was really a big deal. As we look into 2014 and all the goals that we're hearing about today and, I guess, what we're likely to hear about at the Investor Day, what's on the line for you and the team? And how can we have confidence that we're really turning a corner here and we're going to hit these targets?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, we have a lot of confidence, John, in what we're going to be able to deliver in 2014 and beyond. And I'm personally really excited about what we can do. We have -- we, as the management team, obviously have a lot on the line because our incentives are performance-based. And those are important to us to hit those targets going forward. And trust me, we've got plenty on the line, and my own stock ownership, I think, has demonstrated that, and my own stock purchases have demonstrated that. I'm a big believer in the future of this company.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And we've heard sort of some incremental kind of ideas for improvement today. Of course, I can imagine that you wouldn't want to steal the thunder from the Investor Day, but when I think about other airlines that have had some hiccups in the past, Southwest, at a time, announced kind of like a $1 billion revenue program. Delta announced, at a time, a $1 billion cost structure improvement program. It seems like $1 billion is the number everybody wants. Should we expect kind of a large program? Is that the way that you guys kind of look at the challenges in front of you, that there is a very large gap here that really needs some structural change? Or is it going to be a combination of these kind of incremental opportunities?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, John, look, we have, clearly, some very good revenue opportunities ahead of us, and Jim's been talking about that. There is no question that our costs are too high. And we have significant opportunities to run a quality operation with quality customer service and be far more efficient than we are today. And I'll have -- I'll ask John to talk about our sort of internal project on getting our costs more competitive.
John D. Rainey: John, you're exactly right. And I appreciate that when carriers throw out a lot of these big numbers, that there's a tendency for one to roll their eyes at it and they want to see it in the results. And what we've elected to do is wait to disclose that until we can provide you an opportunity to give you some specificity and transparency into what those initiatives are, so that there's not that jaundiced view of what that number is. But you're right, it's a significant number, it's in the billion-dollar range, and we think that we have that kind of opportunity on the cost side going forward.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jeff, one area of differentiation that I think may explain some of United's return metrics is your philosophy on aircraft, notably, your preference to pay up for the newest and the most fuel-efficient and to reap the operating benefits down the road. But given the availability of slightly used aircraft and also end-of-life options, it's not clear to me that your aircraft CapEx plan actually maximizes return on invested capital. In fact, I don't think that it does. So I'm wondering, as you look around for ideas in addition to what we've heard today, is there any chance that you kind of might revise your thinking on fleet, your philosophy on fleet?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Let me take a piece of that and I'll turn it over to John. I think, Jamie, that, and John mentioned it, I think, in his script, we were going to retire the Airbus fleet that we have, which are 152 airplanes, and we determined that we could make an investment in slimline seats, in bigger bins, in Wi-Fi, streaming video on those airplanes, and make them not only a comfortable airplane for our customers and, actually, very, very -- a very good product, but also, because of the ability of the additional seats -- by adding additional seats through the slimline seats, which are very comfortable seats and good for the passenger, but really improve the operating economics. And we made that determination. So we do, indeed, take a look to make sure that we're confident that our aircraft decisions are [indiscernible] maximizing. But I'll turn any other comment over to John, if you want to say something.
John D. Rainey: Sure. Jamie, I would say that we are not necessarily philosophically opposed to buying older planes at all. In fact, there have been cases in our past where -- you might remember the 757-200s that we acquired several years ago, where it makes sense. It's really done on a fleet-by-fleet basis. If I look at like, for example, the used market for the 737-800 right now, that plane is still priced pretty high, and so we look at this individually. Jeff gave the example of the Airbus fleet, where it absolutely makes sense to keep that fleet longer and utilize it more and not replace it. The opposite of that is a good -- an example would be the 757-200s on the United side that we're replacing with 900ERs. For each one of those planes that we replace, it's an addition of about $2 million to $2.5 million to the bottom line each year. So it's not as if we've got, I think, a huge philosophical difference so much as we think that this, in many times, comes down to the actual aircraft that you're replacing. But it's important for us, and getting to the crux of your question, we want to have metered, disciplined capital replacement in a manner that allows us to eventually be able to return cash to shareholders and de-risk this business.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And for my second question, to Jim, on corporate share in New York. New York has become significantly more concentrated over the last decade, especially on my side of the river. And the facilities at LaGuardia and JFK are no longer third-world in quality. So from my perspective, both as an analyst and a passenger, this represents a structural change that's independent from any underperformance or pressures United might have been experiencing more recently. So as you think of your revenue forecast in 2014, are you modeling for share recapture here in New York? And if so, doesn't that somewhat fly in the face of the fact that, at least east of the river now, I mean, things are better and we don't need to schlep to Newark in order to get a good product the way that, clearly, we had to back in 2005.
James E. Compton: Hey, Jamie. Yes, I agree. It's obviously more concentrated than in the past. The way we approach it is that we are really focused on the share that we have there and maintaining that share premium, which we've done a really terrific job of doing over the course of the last couple of years. Do we think there's opportunity to grow it? Yes. I always want to put it in context, that when we think about corporate share and where we're headed in the future, we also think about it in terms of quality, right? And so our corporate programs are actually running at the highest, what I would call, efficiency rate that we've seen since the merger. In other words, when you would come up with a deal and you work with your partner and we talk about what a discount would be versus what the traffic they're going to give us, people are delivering on it. And the efficiency of those contracts are working. When they're not win-win, we actually feel we have an advantage. We have the advantage of the only true connecting hub in New York, where, that if there's lower-yielding corporate traffic that really doesn't make sense for a corporation that's not going to manage its traffic very well, we have the opportunity to always balance the flow of traffic over Newark with, for instance, higher-yield flow from Europe into the U.S., as well as using our partnership with Lufthansa. Because also in those corporate deals, what we also bring to the table that is really a JV, where we're able to work with our Lufthansa partner, Air Canada partner and so forth, and really bring in an overall deal to the corporation. So the point is, all of those aspects are really talking about quality. And yet, when we look at the numbers, we have -- we see our share premium that we have. But we're always going to -- as we think about, going forward, how do we keep those to be a quality type of corporate deal.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Glenn Engel online.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple questions. One, on the labor front, could you tell us whether there's lots of issues left or just a few big, tough issues left to get this deal done? Second question, on the revenue side. It seems like, every quarter, you have this decent-sized revenue adjustment and I don't really hear that from other carriers. So why do you seem to have these changes in retroactive payments to partner airlines that others don't have? And finally, on the yield management side. I would have thought that if you sold too many seats early, it would have had a bigger impact in the peak months when you -- the extra seats you had at the end, you could have gotten a better yield, than in September when you've got plenty of extra seats to sell. And so if you sell seats too early, it's much less of a risk, yet you seem to feel that you had a bigger impact in September from that.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Glenn, let me take the labor question and I'll ask Jim to answer the other 2. I'm not quite sure what you mean by big issues. We have the pilots done, the IAM is out for vote right now, that's 28,000 folks, pilots are 12,000 folks. The 2 big groups we have are -- left are tech ops, our maintenance folks represented by the Teamsters, and our flight attendants represented by the AFA. We're in negotiations with both of those workgroups. In any kind of negotiation, it's hard to know a specific time in which you're going to get a deal. And that's just a matter of the negotiations and timing and all kinds of things. But we're -- I think we're making good progress. I'm confident we'll reach deals, it's just very hard to know when. Now recognize that in both those cases, both of the sides from the former subsidiaries, the old Continental and the old United, they have contracts and they have new contracts, so that's not really the issue.
John D. Rainey: Glenn, this is John. With respect to the revenue adjustments, I'll hit that really quickly then turn it over to Jim. This issue in the last quarter was really something that related to agreements that we have with -- interline agreements we have with other partners. And, a lot of times, there's a certain type of fare that they will sell which we don't have transparency into, and we have to make an estimate about what that yield is on that ticket. And this was simply a case of our estimate was too high and we adjusted it after the fact. That said, we certainly appreciate and desire to have less volatility in some of those estimates and it's something we're striving for, going forward.
James E. Compton: And Glenn, this is Jim. As it relates to the impact in the past versus what we're seeing now, we obviously saw the issue -- mix change for us very quickly as we moved into September. From a revenue management perspective, you're always providing an input to the forecast. And what we have found is that the input to the forecast that was related to what we would've expected in the fourth quarter, basically, was erroneous. And so we put that input into the system, and that erroneous input drove us selling inventory earlier than we otherwise needed to, based on what would've been the close-in bookings coming into the fall. So at this point, that's where we've seen the biggest impact, and it accelerated into September. And that's the piece that we've reacted to and adjusted, based on the 2 recalibrations that I've talked about.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Wall Street Journal, we have Susan Carey online.
Susan Carey: I'm just wondering, in your special charges in the latest quarter, you have $34 million due to recent potential adverse developments in certain legal matters. Could you just tell me a little bit more about what that is?
John D. Rainey: Yes, Susan. This is John Rainey. That is something that is related to a litigation dispute that arose back during the bankruptcy time period with United, and it's an estimate about that.
Susan Carey: Can you be a little bit more specific?
John D. Rainey: Unfortunately, I cannot on this matter, Susan.
Operator: From the Associated Press, we have Josh Freed online.
Josh Freed: You mentioned that you're working on doing faster turns and shorter taxi times and that kind of thing. Can you give more specifics on that? I mean what kinds of things are you changing to achieve those goals?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Josh, let me give you -- this is Jeff. Let me give you an example. Right now, when you have aircraft arrive at the gate, it's very important that the area be cleared, the aircraft be marshaled in promptly. You don't want to have things like something in the way or the jet bridge driver not there to meet the aircraft. There's nothing more frustrating to -- well, there are things that can frustrate passengers in various ways, but nothing that frustrates me, personally, more than when the aircraft arrives and the jet bridge driver isn't there and the jet bridge doesn't meet the aircraft within our 120-second requirement, that's our internal requirement. Well, we're doing -- we're focusing much more heavily on that because every minute counts in on-time performance, and every minute counts in making sure that you're minimizing misconnects of passengers, that you're having good utilization of your assets, that you're satisfying your customers, that you're getting them to their destinations on time or their connections on time. So we're focusing on lots of what you might view as small tactical elements. But when you put them together, that has -- they result in running a really good on-time operation, which results in not only far better customer satisfaction for your customers, but also decreases your costs. Because you have just much lower costs in terms of re-accommodating passengers, overnight accommodation for passengers, all sorts of things that -- and more maintenance touch time for the airplanes, which means you have much more reliability and schedule reliability, as well. So these are all important things to do, we're keenly focused on them. And you've seen the results in our on-time results. We have materially improved our on-time and our consistency of performance and consistency of reliability. And you also see it in our materially increased customer satisfaction scores. We're doing just a terrific job improving customer service. And you're going to see us continue to do that in the future.
Operator: And from Bloomberg News, we have Mary Schlangenstein online.
Mary Schlangenstein: I wanted to ask if you could provide any specifics on what the maintenance issues were, and the reliability issues, with the 747s?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Yes, I'll speak briefly to that. Look, the 747s were aircraft that were good solid, safe airplanes. But the old United had under-invested in what I would call preventative maintenance. That is, looking at the data and determining what things were causing maintenance issues with the aircraft fleet repetitively. And what we've been able to do is to take those aircraft and put them through a check cycle for preventative maintenance. It's fixing things before they break and predicting which things can break, which would cause an aircraft to be delayed. And recognize, when a 747 has a maintenance issue, that's typically a pretty high-profile event because there are hundreds of passengers. Typically, those aircraft are flying very long distances and they can break in foreign destinations, so it's really important to have reliability. So what we did with those airplanes is we concentrated them all in San Francisco, where we have terrific technicians and have really, really a solid maintenance base there. And that permitted us to not only put them through the preventative maintenance, but to have lots of technicians there to assist us, to have lots of parts there and to make sure we had good swap opportunities as well. Now that clearly was not revenue-maximizing in the long term, but in the short term, it was important for us to return those aircraft to reliability. We've done that now and we have the confidence in those aircraft today to start flying them where they really want to fly, for example, out of Chicago, versus necessarily all concentrating in San Francisco. We're also, Mary, investing in those aircraft. Those are aircraft -- in fact, we've got a prototype streaming-video aircraft up and running right now. We're putting power throughout that aircraft and streaming video and global Wi-Fi. This is going to be a terrific product for our customers when we're done with it. So we're excited about what we've been able to do with the 747. And it's really important for us, from a maintenance reliability and, certainly, from a customer-satisfaction perspective.
Sarah Murphy: Okay. We're out of time now, so we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Helane R. Becker - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for Second Quarter 2013. My name is Brandon, and I'll be the conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman. Jack will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review operational performance, capacity and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our costs, fleet and capital structure. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you, all, for joining us on our second quarter 2013 earnings call. Today, we report a profit of $521 million for the second quarter or $1.35 per diluted share. I want to thank all of my coworkers for their effort and professionalism as they work together to serve our customers and improve our operational and financial results. I would also like to thank our customers for choosing United, as we continue to build the world's leading airline. During the second quarter, we demonstrated progress across all of our top priorities for 2013. We operated a more reliable airline this quarter, despite experiencing moderate to severe weather and air traffic control delays during almost half the days in the quarter. We generated record second quarter revenue of $10 billion and posted a profit of more than $0.5 billion. Heading into the second-half of the year, United is well-positioned to continue delivering solid operational performance and excellent customer service and to achieve our return on invested capital target of at least 10% this year. Our frontline coworkers are focused on making our customers' experience more comfortable and less stressful. The investments we've made to support our operations and train our people are paying off. In the second quarter, we improved our on-time departure rate, reduced our maintenance-related cancellations and substantially closed the gap to the industry in relative on-time arrival performance. Our customer service is clearly improving, and customers are taking notice as customer satisfaction scores are up substantially versus last summer. As of today, approximately 80% of our 46,000 mainline and United Express flight attendants, airport agents and reservation agents have completed our new customer service training called It's Our Job. And we are on track to complete the training in the fourth quarter. Delivering excellent customer service is an absolute priority for us, and we are intensely focused on continuing the momentum we built in this critical area. We continue to make progress towards integrating our labor groups. And this month, we resumed negotiations for a joint collective bargaining agreement with a union representing our passenger service, fleet service and storekeeper coworkers. We're in discussions with the unions representing our technicians, flight attendants and flight dispatchers as well. And by working together, we have the opportunity to reach additional competitive and responsible joint collective bargaining agreements by the end of this year. Our network is the best in the business, connecting customers to more destinations around the globe than any other airline. Our hubs ring the United States, providing powerful international gateways. Our network is highly attractive to business travelers, and is only becoming more attractive as we continue to improve our operational performance and our customer service. We continue to optimize our network within the confines of capacity discipline, which is core to our operating strategy. In April, we expanded our Latin America presence with new service between Washington/Dulles and Guatemala City, and service from Chicago O'Hare and Washington/Dulles to San Jose, Costa Rica. In June, we launched daily, nonstop service between Denver and Tokyo/Narita using the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Our Denver-to-Narita service is a great example of how the Dreamliner opens up new, profitable route opportunities. Its efficiency, range and seating capacity are ideal for markets such as this one. We're making investments in our fleet that will allow us to provide high quality service to where our customers want to go and enhance our already industry-leading network. Operating efficient, reliable and customer-pleasing aircraft is critical for our long-term returns. This quarter, we made a series of adjustments to our long-term fleet plan, ensuring we have the right number of replacement aircraft on order with the appropriate seating capacity and range to match market demand. John will speak about that more in a moment. In addition to adding new aircraft to our fleet, we're improving the interiors of existing aircraft. United is the only U.S. carrier to offer flat-bed seats on every long-haul international flight from the continental U.S., with more than 7,100 flat-bed seats in the air. We offer global satellite-based Wi-Fi on 57 aircraft today, including nearly half of our 747 fleet, and we'll be installing global satellite-based Wi-Fi at a rate of over 25 aircraft per month for the remainder of the year. Towards the end of this year, we will begin installing streaming video on our satellite-based Wi-Fi aircraft, marking the start of our shift toward providing in-flight entertainment content for our customers to use on their own devices. We're also installing new interiors, including flat-bed seats on our p.s. aircraft flying transcon flights out of New York Kennedy, and expect all of our p.s. aircraft to have new interiors by the end of the year. We're modernizing our product offering on the ground as well. We have completed the rollout of our new, simplified boarding process at 26 airports, and we've received excellent feedback from customers and coworkers on the new process. We've reduced the percentage of boarding-related departure delays by more than 60% versus last year, in part due to the boarding process enhancements we've made. We expect to see further improvements as we roll out to the majority of our stations through the end of 2013. During the second quarter, we opened a new United Club in Seattle, featuring our new modern design built around the needs of our business customer, and expect to open an additional modern lounge next month in San Diego. We continue to enhance our powerful loyalty program, MileagePlus. In the second quarter, we took another step toward orienting our program to better recognize the value our Premier members create for United by introducing a revenue component to our Premier status qualification requirements for the 2015 program year. Just this month, we announced new exclusive partnerships with 2 iconic brands, Marriott and Mercedes-Benz, further enhancing the value that our MileagePlus program offers members. Our new partnership with Marriott, which is called Rewards Plus, offers our Premier Gold members and above a status match to Marriott Gold, and reciprocally offers Marriott Platinum members a status match to MileagePlus Silver. The new program also offers members improvements and points transfers between the 2 programs. MileagePlus is the world's largest travel loyalty program with the most ways for members to earn and use their miles, and we intend to expand the value of the program to our members and to United in the future. We are focused on providing solid operational reliability, great customer service and a modern competitive product for our customers, creating economic value for our shareholders and providing a great place to work for our coworkers, and we've made good progress on each of these fronts this quarter. We're on the path towards achieving all of these goals, and we will continue to work together as we build the world's leading airline. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to thank my coworkers for managing our operations in the face of difficult weather conditions this quarter. I also want to thank all of our customers for choosing United. We are working hard to win your business each and every day. We are consistently running a reliable airline with good customer service, and are now focused on becoming even more dependable and your carrier of choice. The weather in the second quarter was extreme. To put it in context, our operations were impacted by moderate to severe weather, 41 delays during the quarter, which was 25% higher than average. Despite these challenges, all of our frontline coworkers focused on minimizing the impact on our customers, providing good service and maintaining as normal a schedule as possible. Excluding the impact of weather, we ran a solid operation and saw significant year-over-year improvements in our controllable completion and long delay rates. Our investment in spare parts and return of spare aircraft to prior levels are paying off, and our maintenance-related cancellations declined by 37% year-over-year in the second quarter. We continue to define our best-in-class network to the driver turns by introducing new service to meet demand and eliminating unprofitable routes. This quarter, we initiated 3 new long-haul international routes, including Denver to Narita service using our Dreamliner, and recently announced, we will cease our Newark to Istanbul and Newark to Buenos Aires flights this fall, as they did not meet our return expectations. United has the best global network for U.S. travelers, and we will continue to find new, profitable opportunities to expand the breadth of our service for customers. Our second quarter consolidated capacity decreased 2.1% year-over-year, and we reduced our capacity in each entity, except Latin America. We expect third quarter consolidated capacity will decline 0.4% to 1.4% year-over-year. For the full-year, we expect our capacity will decline 0.75% to 1.75%. While we do expect our fourth quarter capacity will increase between roughly 3% and 4%, nearly half of the fourth quarter increase is due to lower comps from last year, given the impact that Superstorm Sandy had on our operations in 2012. Over the long term, it's important we continue to match capacity with demand, which we define as maintaining capacity growth at a rate less than GDP. Turning to our revenue results. We outperformed the industry in unit revenue growth for the second consecutive quarter, with consolidated PRASM growth of 1% year-over-year. The trans-Atlantic region performed quite well for us in the second quarter, with unit revenues and yields each increasing approximately 6% year-over-year. We've rightsized our footprint in Europe over the last several quarters, and the improvement in our trans-Atlantic unit revenue results this quarter illustrates the benefit of capacity discipline. Our Pacific unit revenue performance contracted 3.4% year-over-year, in part due to capacity growth of our competitors adversely affecting yields, and in part due to continued yen weakness. The depreciation of the yen reduced second quarter passenger revenue by about $30 million, and we expect the year-over-year yen pressure to continue throughout the remainder of 2013. Corporate revenue continued to grow modestly in the second quarter, increasing approximately 2% versus the second quarter of 2012. We're working to provide our customers more comfort and choice when they travel. We offer Economy Plus seating on 92% of our mainline fleet, and we are the only U.S. airline to offer fully flat-bed seats in the premium cabins on all of our long-haul international flights from the continental U.S. Offering this type of product consistency helps us meet and exceed our customers' expectations when they fly internationally on United in the Premium cabin. We continue to install global satellite-based Wi-Fi, providing connectivity just about everywhere we fly, which is an important product for our business and leisure customers. We are also investing in indi [ph] technology our customers use to keep in touch with United. This quarter, we enhanced our mobile applications for iPhone, Android and BlackBerry 10, including streamlined user interfaces and the first phase of new self-service functionality, which customers can use to manage their itinerary if a flight delay or a cancellation should occur. We also expect to make mobile boarding pass scanning available at all of the domestic airports we serve by this fall, and we'll be this first U.S. network carrier to do so. Driving best-in-class revenue results requires a network with strong local inflow demand, providing aircraft that can supply the demand, competitive product, great customer service, reliable operations and a strong revenue management system. As we lap many of our integration milestones from last year, our network and our systems continue to mature. We now have more than a year's experience using SHARES, our passenger service system, together with ORION, our revenue management system, to optimize revenue over our unmatched global network by balancing local inflow traffic, both domestically and internationally, especially in our Newark and San Francisco hubs. Turning to our near-term revenue outlook, things continue be solid and mix is holding steady. We currently estimate United's third quarter consolidated PRASM to increase 3% to 5%, and July consolidated PRASM to increase 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year. Ancillary revenue continued to show strong growth in the second quarter, as ancillary revenue per passenger grew 13% year-over-year to over $20 per passenger. The Economy Plus upsell continues to perform very well, growing 37% year-over-year in the second quarter. Our excellent ancillary revenue growth in the first half of the year positions us to exceed our 2013 goal of increasing ancillary revenue per passenger by 9%. We are encouraged by the progress we've made on ancillary revenue to date and are excited about the significant runway ahead. We believe there is considerable room for us to grow in this high-margin space. Our strategy to further grow ancillary revenue consists of 3 categories. First, introducing new value-add products and services like global satellite-based Wi-Fi, Premier access and annual subscriptions of existing products, such as Economy Plus. Second, optimizing pricing on existing products through our powerful and nimble technology platforms, which allow us to apply both -- apply better revenue management to ancillary products as we've begun to deal with Economy Plus. And third, maturing our customer relationship management capabilities so that we can better provide the right offer at the right time to the right customer through a wide range of channel. In the second quarter, we signed a deal with Sabre, enabling us to increase our customers' access to our ancillary products while aligning our interests in this distribution channel. We are laying the technical foundation to offer ancillary products like Economy Plus on Sabre next year. Our philosophy is quite simply customer choice and engagement. We serve a very large customer base, flying more than 140 million passengers per year and engaging with tens of millions of MileagePlus members, not all of whom want or value the same thing from us, and not of all of whom, in return, create the same value for the company. Adapting our business model to tailor the offers and the experience for our customers is critical, and is one of the many ways we will be improving our customers' experience and our returns at the same time. Customers have a choice when they fly, and we want to provide the most compelling value proposition for travelers to choose United. We will continue to invest in our reliability, our customer service, our network, our fleet, our product offering, our loyalty program and our technology to make clear that United is the right airline for the global business traveler and leisure traveler alike. We are pleased with our relative unit revenue outperformance this quarter and want to expand that leadership even further. And by working together, my coworkers can do just that. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim. I first want to thank all of my coworkers for working together to help United get further down the path to achieving its full potential and making this a better airline for the 140 million customers we serve each year. Today, we reported net income of $521 million and a pre-tax margin of 5.2% for the second quarter. We continue to make progress executing on our plan. On a monthly basis, we've improved our pre-tax margin year-over-year in 3 of the last 4 months. Our second quarter operating margin was 8.2%, which was an improvement from the second quarter of 2012. During the second quarter, we ran a solid operation with better customer service; made progress in improving our cost performance; made prudent, long-term investments in our aircraft, facilities and technology; and improved our balance sheet by paying off a significant amount of debt. These are the right steps toward laying the foundation we need to generate sufficient long-term returns. Our second quarter consolidated operating expenses were flat year-over-year. Second quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 7% versus second quarter 2012, in part due to a 2.1% reduction in consolidated capacity, a much greater capacity reduction than that of our peers. We expect our unit cost pressure to substantially subside in the back half of the year. We anticipate that in the second half of 2013, our CASM, excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, will increase between 2% and 4% year-over-year and continue to expect our full-year, nonfuel unit cost to increase between 5.5% and 6.5%. We're committed to running a more efficient operation and are making progress with new initiatives that will contribute to our goal of keeping our annual unit cost growth at appropriate levels going forward. One area where we will become more efficient over time is at our airports. Year-to-date, we've demonstrated our ability to operate a consistently reliable operation, despite high load factors and challenging weather. As Jim said, we will continue to run a reliable operation. And by enhancing our boarding process, improving the tools our coworkers use and the technology our customers use, we will improve the productivity of our agents, permitting them to provide even better customer service, while simplifying and de-stressing our customers' travel experience. This week, we announced Early Out programs for eligible frontline coworkers in the passenger service, fleet service and storekeeper work groups contingent upon ratification of joint collective bargaining agreements. These programs enable our coworkers to make career choices that are right for them, whether it be transitioning to a new career or early retirement. These elective programs also enable us to better align our staffing with the workload. We are always looking for opportunities to provide our customers and coworkers more control and choice in their experience, while managing our cost wisely. In June, we modified the retirement program for about half of our management and administrative coworkers by freezing their defined benefit pension plan and moving to a defined contribution plan beginning in 2014. All of our management and administrative coworkers will be able to make the best retirement decision for their personal situations. We're continuing to improve our fuel efficiency. In addition to operating an increasingly fuel-efficient fleet, we're engaged in a number of operational initiatives to reduce fuel consumption. During the quarter, we announced an agreement with AltAir Fuels to purchase 15 million gallons of biofuel starting in 2014. This agreement underscores United's efforts to be a leader in alternative fuels, as well as our commitment to the environment. We also announced an agreement with Aviation Partners Boeing to launch a retrofit program for our 737-900ER fleet, in addition to our 737-800 fleet, with the new Split Scimitar Winglet. The new winglet design provide significant aircraft drag improvements with approximately 2% additional fuel savings for these aircraft. We're taking prudent steps to ensure our fleet is the right one for United's long-term network strategy. Our fleet strategy seeks to maximize return on invested capital over the life of the asset, and ensures that we have the right aircraft to continue to improve our industry-leading network with the onboard product our customers desire. We are taking a measured approach with our fleet replacement capital plan, one that provides flexibility to respond to economic conditions and allows for a balanced allocation of free cash flow going forward. We announced orders for widebody aircraft and 76-seat regional jets during the quarter. Today, we operate 154 widebody aircraft with an average age of about 15 years. In total, we now have 94 widebody aircraft on order, which will be delivered over the next 12 years, comprised of 59 more Dreamliners and 35 A350-1000s. These aircraft will be terrific additions to our fleet as they will provide double-digit improvements in operating economics and a superior onboard experience for our customers and coworkers versus current-generation aircraft. In addition, these aircraft are ideally sized to fill a void in our current fleet in terms of seating capacity and range. It's important to balance capital demands when determining which aircraft to replace and when. On one hand, when we replace older aircraft with a much more fuel-efficient, next-generation aircraft, we significantly improve the bottom line. As one data point, for each Boeing 757-200 that we replace with a new 737-900ER, we project more than a $2 million benefit annually on a run-rate basis, inclusive of ownership cost. This adds up to a fairly substantial number as we plan to retire 73 domestic 757-200s by the end of 2015 and replace them with new 737-900ERs. Conversely, when we identify opportunities to invest in our existing fleet and materially improve its operating economics, we can delay the capital cost of replacing those aircraft and fly them for a longer period of time. One example is our Airbus fleet, consisting of 152 A319 and A320 aircraft. We will be adding slimline seats to improve the per-seat operating economics while providing more legroom for our customers. We're also improving the customer experience on these airplanes by adding Wi-Fi, in-seat power and larger overhead bins. These improvements will allow us to utilize each aircraft for several more years than we had originally planned. Given the substantial flexibility we have within our order book, we're able to optimize our aircraft delivery schedule and corresponding capital requirements as the needs of our business dictate. We also announced an order for 30 Embraer 175 aircraft and an agreement with SkyWest to operate an additional 40 E175s under the United Express brand starting next year. These 76-seat aircraft are more fuel efficient and provide a superior customer experience versus the 50-seat aircraft they'll be repricing. And we're excited to bring them into our fleet. As I've stated before, we intend to keep our overall fleet count roughly flat over our planning horizon over the next 5 years with a measured approach to replacement over that period. This helps smooth capital requirements, financing needs and operational training and change. We're investing responsibly in our product, our facilities and our people, and expect between $590 million and $610 million of gross capital expenditures for the third quarter and approximately $2.5 billion for the full year 2013. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet in the second quarter, and now it's the healthiest it's been in years. We made $540 million of debt and capital lease payments in the second quarter, including $144 million of prepayments. Our second quarter interest expense declined 9% versus last year. As we look forward, we expect approximately $500 million of debt and capital lease payments for the rest of 2013. Our scheduled maturity profile beyond this year is very manageable as well, with $1.1 billion due in 2014 and $1.9 billion in 2015. This includes $800 million of the 6 3/4% secured notes, which are prepayable at par starting next September. We seized the opportunity in May to add a benchmark issue of unsecured debt, $300 million of senior unsecured notes due in 2018, with an interest rate of 6 3/8%. Importantly, we intend for this transaction to be earnings accretive and leverage neutral. We used a portion of the proceeds of this offering to pay off a $49 million note due in 2019 with an 8% coupon, and intend to use the remaining proceeds to reduce other high interest rate debt. We closed the second quarter with an unrestricted liquidity balance of $7 billion, including our $1 billion undrawn revolver. Improving our balance sheet benefits all of our stakeholders. A strong financial foundation reduces the risk in the business for our investors, increases the confidence our customers and coworkers have in our long-term success, and enables consistent investment in assets that generate appropriate returns. Finally, while we made significant progress during the second quarter and generated over $0.5 billion of earnings, we are by no means satisfied with these results. We're starting to see the benefits of the investments we've made and the actions we've taken, but we're in a very early stage of where we need to be. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. This quarter, we began to demonstrate the capability of the new United. We ran a competitive and reliable operation despite challenging weather conditions. We made significant strides in improving our customer service. We showed the strength, breadth and balance of our global network, with industry-leading unit revenue improvements. We made prudent long-term investments in our fleet, our product, our technology and our people. We've improved our balance sheet to the strongest point it's been in years. At United, we're building the airline that customers want to fly, investors want to invest in and our coworkers want to work for. We have clearly turned the corner post-merger, and I'm confident we're on the path to becoming the world's leading airline. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thanks, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Cowen Securities, we have Helane Becker online.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to get little more color on the corporate business that you said. I think you talked about seeing small increases. I don't remember the adjective you used, but I was wondering if you could go through, maybe, where you're seeing the increases?
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim -- yes, this is Jim. As I talked about it, we saw about a modest growth of 2% in corporate revenue in the second quarter, fairly consistent with the growth we saw in the first quarter in terms of growth rate. In terms of where we're seeing -- if I broke it down into kind of strong performers versus some weak different industries, obviously, we're seeing good strength in business services, computer services, IT, electronics, financial services and the pharmaceuticals. Some of the more kind of lagging or slower performance would be in the areas like aerospace and defense and some in manufacturing. But good strength in the pharmaceuticals and financial services, in particular.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg online.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Just a couple of questions here. Jim, when we look at your Pacific PRASM, and it was down, how much of that would be attributable to the weakness of the yen? What was the currency impact?
James E. Compton: Yes, Mike, this is Jim. About 2% of that RASM decline was due to the depreciation in the yen.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then you mentioned that the impact was $30 million, and I -- presumably, that's more translation than demand. But as the weaker yen persists, will it be a bigger impact going forward than the $30 million? Or will it not be as bad because you'll mitigate it through capacity reduction or reallocation of seats? How should we think about that?
James E. Compton: I think we see the impact kind of being consistent to what we've seen in the second quarter as we look out into the third quarter. From a demand perspective, you're right. In the Micronesia area, where it's strong, point of sale. Japan, obviously, as the travelers make it into the U.S., the demand side gets affected a little and so forth. But we kind of expecting the same trend that we've seen in the second quarter.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. My second question, just for John. When we look in the miscellaneous expense of $123 million, in the footnote there was an $80 million -- $81 million mark-to-market hit on the hedge. How much of that is out of period? And then what else is in that bucket?
John D. Rainey: Mike, $80 million of the $81 million are mark-to-market hedge losses that are out-of-period. $1 million was in effectiveness, which is recognized this period. And there are 2 other items, I guess, I would call out in non-op that are also anomalous and more onetime in nature. One is the write-off of a sale of investment we had. That was about $10 million, and then there was a similar amount for -- cost related to the early conversion of our convertible securities that were -- that we converted during the quarter. So those 3 items accounted for the majority of that. And again, I think that it's one of the reasons that while we improved year-over-year on an operating margin, our pre-tax margin did not, and we can point to those onetime items.
Operator: From Evercore Partners, we have Duane Pfennigwerth online.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you could give some detail on the other revenue growth line and help us think about maybe the offset in the guidance regarding the third-party business expense. What's going on with that third-party business expense line? And if we actually strip that out, how should we think -- be thinking about the growth rate in, I guess, the high margin of the revenue growth?
John D. Rainey: Sure, Duane. This is John. In the second quarter, our other revenue grew in excess of 20%. We saw a strong growth there. But to your point, part of that is related to a third-party contract we have where we sell fuel, and the expense for that is down in other operating expense, but associated revenue is also in the other revenue line. If we were to strip that out, the year-over-year increase is in the high -- mid- to high-single digits in terms of other revenue. But I think that, that somewhat obscures some of the real progress that we're making just in the general ancillary revenue category. You might remember, we had a goal at the beginning of the year to grow ancillary revenue by 9%. As Jim said in his remarks, we're up 13% in the second quarter, and we're expecting that to continue through the balance of the year.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That's helpful, John. And then, you're probably unwilling to talk about CapEx longer-term, and I do appreciate the detail that you put out in that recent filing. But maybe you could talk about how we should think about, what we should add to, I guess, the aircraft and IT CapEx that you put forth. How do we think about maybe the other bucket of CapEx and maybe the growth or decline from the $2.5 billion level this year?
John D. Rainey: You bet, Duane. So allow me to categorize that into 2 separate buckets, aircraft and nonaircraft. With respect to aircraft, we have 700 mainline jets today, more or less. If we fly those planes for an average of 25 to 30 years, then we need to replace 23 to 28 planes a year just to stay at the same level. And that's what we're striving for, a maintenance level of CapEx with respect to our fleet. As we've discussed, we do not intend to grow our fleet in our planning horizon. So that's the level that I would assume there. With respect to the non-aircraft CapEx, we're spending in excess of $1 billion in that category this year. And as I said at the beginning of the year, about half of that is -- are items that are sort of "once in a generation type" items, things like building a data center here in Chicago, 2 new maintenance hangars this year. So I would expect that to abate over time. Our run rate level is probably somewhere between $700 million to $800 million, maybe something slightly higher than that. But certainly not this level that we've been this year.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So when you add all that up, is growth CapEx -- or gross CapEx higher or lower next year?
John D. Rainey: We haven't commented on that. We'll give some guidance towards the end of the year.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Hunter Keay.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: So, I'm struggling to come up with how to think about this choppy PRASM. It feels like almost 2 steps forward, 2 steps back a lot over the last like 6 to 9 months. I thought you kind of pulled out of this in the early year, and then you had a tough April and May. And I thought June was a little better. Now July looks a little soft. And you gave 3Q PRASM guidance, which you don't typically do, so you obviously feel pretty good about what you're seeing in the bookings. But I mean, why is it so choppy? Because -- is it an operations issue? Because I thought that was already resolved. The on-time is there. The pilots seem to be happy, they're not slowing flights sites or anything. Why is it so choppy? And how should we be confident modeling in PRASM outperformance based on anything other than just either easy comps going forward?
James E. Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. First of all, it's -- the choppiness in RASM is not an operational impact or so forth. So it's -- what we've seen in the past is adjustments to revenue and so forth that sometimes can drive some of that choppiness. There's -- we've had capacity adjustments that, for instance, in the first quarter, being down approximately 5% and -- which would obviously drive a little bit better RASM growth and stuff versus the second quarter, where capacity was down 2.1%. The intent of talking about 3Q guidance of 3% to 5% was really -- and I'm going to refer back to Jeff's point about turning the corner. If you look at our second quarter RASM growth of about 1% that we reported today, 2.1% capacity decline, the 3% to 5% RASM growth, slightly less capacity decline, is another indicator of us turning the corner. And so our goal this year is clearly kind of driving great customer service, the reliability that we've talked about. And internally, we talk about it as beating the plan, and I will tell you, when we talk about beating the plan, it means that everything that we do, right? So the team is very focused on hitting that 3% to 5% guidance I gave, as well as constantly trying to beat that number. That's kind of what we do, but I think the intent was, to your point, was to kind of point -- take out a little bit of that choppiness that comes in a month-to-month reporting and give you a little guidance on the third quarter total, particularly relative to the second quarter.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Yes, I just -- I don't know, it feels to me like, to some extent on the revenue line, there might be some struggles going on the corporate side, sort of get to Helane's first question. And I see Delta adding routes like Newark-Paris, and to me, it's an indicator which, I believe, is probably a pretty lucrative pharmaceutical-corporate route for you. And to me, it implies that Delta thinks that they can take advantage of your weakness. And I don't know how you would respond to something like that, but obviously, you have network challenges everyday. But, I mean, did you feel like you're communicating enough with your corporates in your key markets to the point where threats like that shouldn't necessarily concern us?
James E. Compton: I think -- so one, we're communicating all the time with our corporate. And I've talked about this in the past that the conversation with our corporate's very different than 1 year ago, the conversations about the value of the network and what we can do in partnership for your travel needs and what you're trying to do going forward. So that communication is constant and going on. As we look at different competitive -- the Sky Team, some of that capacity has been there before from Air France, and so now Delta is flying it and so forth. But again, we're really comfortable with our position in New York. As I mentioned on the call, as we've been maturing our systems here, particularly with ORION and our SHARES system, what we're being able to do is better manage higher-yielding traffic across our hubs, particularly in San Francisco and New York. So that allows us to kind of make the best decision on what type of traffic is going over Newark, whether it be lower-yielding local traffic versus higher-yielding flow traffic. So we're really, really excited and feel really good about our competitive position in New York. So we've had -- we have competitive capacity challenges all the time. What we do is we have a really strong plan that we're focused on and focus on hitting it.
Operator: From JP Morgan, we have Jamie Baker online.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jeff, I'm going to assume that the results in the first half of this year didn't quite measure up to what the internal targets were on, say, January 1. Of course, I don't know that for a fact, so you can correct me if I'm mistaken. But if, in fact, results were below what was internally forecast, can you review for us each of the substantive steps that you've taken to get results back on track? And will these initiatives actually make up for lost ground or simply, and hopefully, drive improvement from here?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Jamie, the most important this for us this year, I mean, we really focused this year on 3 things. One, we had to get our operation back on track, which we did, and it's been quite successful. We've had many initiatives do that. We're running a competitive operation today. It's a good operation, and it's improving. A second piece we're focusing on was customer service, because our customer service fell away last year. There's no question about that. And we needed to get our customer service back to a, not only competitive level, but a level of excellence. So we've spent a lot of time with our own folks, not only in training, but giving them the tools they need to make sure that we can get good customer service, our flights off on time. And changes in a lot of procedures where things that passengers can see and experience, for example, the boarding process or procedures in terms of marshaling aircraft, marshaling them in, getting them out. Having jet bridges on time, that sort of thing. So there's been a lot of improvement in the customer service and the operational liability. And the third part has been to beat the plan, and we continue to be focused on that. Are we satisfied with our financial results this quarter year-to-date? Absolutely not. We are not satisfied with them. They do not represent what we can and will be, and we're really focused on that. But we have a host of activities that are going on, not only in terms of the operations and the customer service, as Jim has talked about, making sure that our conversations -- and our conversations with our corporate customers today are very different than they were last year. Last year, it was a year of apology. This year, it's an opportunity for us to sell our services to our important corporate customers, make sure they understand not only the power of the network, but the investments we're making in our fleet and in our product and in our technology, our people. There's a lot that we're doing. So we're excited about how things are going directionally. Look, going through these mergers is tough. It happened to our friends earlier when they first merged, and I'm confident it'll happen to our friends in the next merger. But the fact is, these are tough things do go through, but we've turned all that corner behind us now, and I'm actually excited about the direction where we're going. But in terms of our performance to date, our financial performance, no, absolutely we're not satisfied with that.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just to press on this issue, Jeff -- and I'm not looking for modeling guidance here and I don't want to put words in your mouth. But given what you just responded with, is it enough that you would anticipate closing your margin gap with that of your closest competitors in 2014?
John D. Rainey: Jamie, this is John. This is a slow process. It's one where we are making good progress. Believe me, we all here wish it were to happen overnight. But the important thing for us is to continue to see improvement. And one area that Jeff talked -- did not mention is the area of cost. I mean, obviously, our level of unit cost increase this year is unacceptable to me and to many others. But we've got tremendous initiatives underway. And I'll just -- I'll point to a couple of different examples. I mean, I talked about, in my prepared remarks, the Early Out. This is something that is very good for employees. It allows them to transition to another career or retire early. And also, it's an opportunity for us to lower our wages, as well rightsize the workforce in particular locations. Maintenance is another issue. This is an area where, as we have been dealing with some of the issues with an older fleet and an unreliable fleet, we spent more there than we plan to going forward. It's one of the key areas that we will see improvements in as we begin to take delivery of new planes. And then I would point to fuel as well. I've talked about the capital investment we're making on winglets. This is a capital investment that provides a return on invested capital many times in excess of our 10% goal, and it pays back very promptly. So there are a lot of different areas where we believe we can really begin to improve relative to our competitors. That said, we recognize that, like a lot of this merger, it will take some time.
Operator: From Bank of America Merrill Lynch, we have Glenn Engel online.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions, please. One is for Latin America and for Asia and Europe. Can you go through which of the countries outperformed or did worse than the average, like Heathrow versus rest of Europe? And the second question is on the wage side. When you look at this year, how much of the labor cost impact has been from harmonizing contracts? And what percent of the labor cost has that represented so far?
James E. Compton: Glenn, this is Jim. Let me take the entity performance first. Starting with the trans-Atlantic. We actually thought that strong trans-Atlantic routes and growth was pretty well spread, but particularly to London, as you mentioned, as well as to Germany. We've worked really hard with our partners, the team with Lufthansa. So we're seeing good strength to our German markets. But also, quite frankly, the strength is pretty widespread within Europe, both London to Paris and so forth. So we're very happy with that. In Latin America, the weakness was more in South America, with the rest of Latin America actually performing quite well. But in South America with some yield pressures, with -- as a result of some of the capacity, put some pressure on us in the Latin America division. But it was mostly in South America, the weakness.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Asia?
Jeffery A. Smisek: I'm sorry. Oh, in Asia? It was -- we saw yield pressure into Australia. Obviously, we've already talked a little bit about the yen and the impact of the Japan. Our Asia or China particularly held up pretty well. And -- but between the Japan with the yen depreciation, and to Micronesia and the impact of the trans-Pac with that, as well as the -- some yield pressure in the Australian market.
John D. Rainey: Glenn, on your question about wages. Approximately 2/3 of the increase in our wages line this year is related to collective bargaining agreements. We are committed, though, to getting to market base pay with all of our labor groups. That's been the approach that we've taken from day 1. But just as so, we are committed to getting to a market-based allocation of resources as well. And this is an area of opportunity for us going forward as we begin to become more efficient in our operations.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the 2/3 of the labor cost tied to the wage increases, but you've only increased pay in roughly half of your workforce levels?
John D. Rainey: No, Glenn, we've actually -- with the exception of our airport agents, which we do have an accrual on the books for, we have reached collective bargaining agreements with all of our major work groups. And in those, they received a pay increase. We still need to go through the JCBA process with some remaining work groups, but that should not result in the type of pay increase that you saw with the pilots. The pilots, we took a different approach where the first step was to get the JCBA.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And you're saying going forward, at some point, we should start seeing productivity to offset the further wage increases?
John D. Rainey: That's correct. A lot of the investment we made in the operation took place with more hedge in the third quarter last year. In the third quarter of this year, we should get pretty close to our productivity level last year. But in the fourth quarter, you'll begin to see year-over-year improvement.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Dave Fintzen online.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to follow-up a bit on some of the cost questions and just maybe take a little bit of a step back. John, you mentioned sort of 2% to 4% CASM x fuel in the second half. Obviously, there's a lot of structural initiatives underway. I mean, did you think out over the next couple of years? Obviously, old United was through bankruptcy, you've been in -- through the merger for a while. Are those structural initiatives enough that we should be thinking inflation -- less than inflation on CASM x fuel with the kind of capacity declines maybe we'll see? Or is it -- is that 2% to 4% more the run rate we should be thinking about or something inflation-plus over the next couple of years on CASM? Can you just kind of help us -- not even in '14, specifically, just the next -- enough of a horizon, so we just have some sense of the run rate?
John D. Rainey: Sure, Dave. We're not going to manage this business on a run-rate basis with 4% annual CASM growth. Period. We absolutely need to have, in a capacity-flat world, CASM growing at something less than inflation. We're going to see cost pressures in all the normal areas that are more difficult to control, like landing fees and other rent. But with different initiatives, like the fuel efficiency, putting technology in the hands of our employees and customers, we can drive huge savings to the bottom line each year. And we've got several of those initiatives already in place and hope to begin to see those take effect next year. So on a run-rate basis, we should absolutely be held to the standard of keeping our CASM x fuel growth at something less than inflation each year.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn online.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jeff and Jim, both of you mentioned a lot of commentary about the attractiveness of the network to business travelers and improvements that you're making to appeal to corporate travel. We've certainly seen Delta make improvements of their own and the Virgin Atlantic concept that they have going on, and we know that new American is on the horizon and some of their synergies are related to taking corporate travel market share back. I was hoping that you guys could just shed some light on how you see the corporate travel competitive landscape evolving from here. And should we be envisioning a more competitive corporate travel market? Or is the pie getting bigger? Any color there will be helpful.
James E. Compton: John, this is Jim. I'll start. I think that the way I think about it from our perspective and a capacity discipline philosophy is that as -- demand is measured by GDP growth faster than capacity. I think the pie is growing, and obviously that's dependent on the strength in the economy. That allows us to then manage that demand much more appropriately and manage the mix up. And that's just business traffic in general, but corporate's obviously a piece of that. Within that, the way we think about corporate is, again, our conversations with our corporate travel partners are about the value proposition that we bring to them and trying to price it accordingly to that value proposition. And so it will -- it is competitive. It will be competitive. But we think that our value proposition is, when it's our turn in front of the travel managers, a pretty powerful one, given our network, given the systems that we have in order to make sure that the capacity is there for them and so forth. So I don't know if that answers your question other than that it will be competitive. We do think we have a terrific value proposition with that leading network that will give us a really good position in that competitive environment.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] From Wall Street Journal, we have Susan Carey online.
Susan Carey: Jim, I just wanted to verify a couple of points on your RASM guidance I -- maybe I misunderstood. You're saying that you're having -- your third quarter forecast is PRASM growth of 3% to 5%?
James E. Compton: Susan. Yes, our guidance on the third quarter is 3% to 5%, that's the range. And I mentioned that July was running at approximately 3%.
Susan Carey: And did you give us a full year?
James E. Compton: No. No, we only went out through the -- the guidance was only through the third quarter.
Susan Carey: And your third quarter capacity is going to fall by 0.4% to 1.4%?
James E. Compton: That's correct.
Susan Carey: And full year, 0.75% to 1.75% decline?
James E. Compton: Yes. Yes, that's correct.
Susan Carey: Okay. I just want to make sure. And my second question, I guess, will be for John. I'm just not aware of these 2 programs you announced on the labor side, the Early Out programs, the voluntary Early Outs for CSAs and ramp. And I believe you said these elective programs are subject to new JCBAs or just CBAs? And also I wanted to know a little bit more about the modification program for half the management and admin folk. Can you spell those out a little bit more?
John D. Rainey: Sure, Susan. The Early Out program, you're correct, it's contingent upon achieving a joint collective bargaining agreement. Both the dollar amount and the number of employees that will participate in that is yet to be determined. We've just announced that. But this is an opportunity where the company can benefit immediately through lower wages, and it provides good options at the election of our employees. So we're very excited about that. With respect to the pension, you're seeing a general trend across all industries and companies moving to defined contribution programs. And as part of the merger, we needed to align the retirement programs for all of our management and administrative coworkers. This was a step in that direction, and what we've elected to do is move the Continental side of the management and administrative to defined contribution programs well.
Susan Carey: And on identical terms as the UAL side?
John D. Rainey: Yes, that's correct.
Susan Carey: Okay, so there -- the Continental folks are moving to the United DB plan?
John D. Rainey: United defined contribution plan...
Susan Carey: The DC plan. Okay. And this has already been done?
John D. Rainey: Yes, we just announced this. It will begin to take effect next year.
Operator: From Bloomberg News, we have Mary Jane Credeur online.
Mary Jane Credeur: Could you elaborate a little bit more about your thinking on capacity? Some of your peers across the industry -- most of your peers across the industry are going to be up a little bit the back end of this year, granted some of that is issues unique to them, upgauging aircraft, some longer stage lengths. But why is this decline right for you? And are you risking potentially leaving some business on the table?
James E. Compton: Mary Jane, this is Jim. Our capacity guidance and philosophy hasn't changed at all. It's geared toward that capacity discipline and making sure that supply and demand are in line. As you mentioned, we had some impacts, obviously, last year from Superstorm Sandy on the East Coast in our base, so that we have -- we do have some capacity growth in the fourth quarter coming this year with nearly half of that the result of that. But if you look over the long-term, our long view, as John also mentioned, that our fleet count will remain relatively stable over the next 5 years, that our capacity is also going to be very stable. So nothing about our approach to capacity has changed and don't anticipate that to change, given our fleet order and our 5-year plan. So -- but we do have that issue in the fourth quarter where the comps from last year are driving some capacity growth.
Operator: And we have time for one more question from the media. From the Associated Press, we have Josh Freed online.
Josh Freed: Can you say a little more about what you have in mind when you talk about doing revenue management on ancillary products as you've done on Economy Plus? Can you help me understand sort of where you're headed with that?
James E. Compton: Josh, this is Jim. The ancillary group and the merchandising group works very closely and actually have brought in some of the talent from revenue management into that group to assist in this area. Some of these things we're doing -- 1 year ago, for instance, in Economy Plus, we would have had one price point, right? And today, we have multiple price points, that's the results of our transition to the SHARES PSS system, giving us the ability to begin to segment the customers and offer different price by where the seat is, by day of week, by market and so forth. So some very initial kind of revenue management principles, particularly on the pricing side, we're already applying. And I think we're seeing great results as we talked about the 37% growth in Economy Plus sales that I talked about earlier. Our goal is to continue to build on that and to -- without giving any kind of specific initiatives, revenue management is all about appropriately segmenting the -- what customers are looking for and what they value and pricing that accordingly, understanding that demand and pricing that. And we think some of the revenue techniques that we do in the traditional way in terms of managing fare and inventory, we're going to be able to do in the ancillary side and drive some of that great results even further.
Sarah Murphy: Okay. We're out of time now, so we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer  John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Continental Holdings earnings conference call for the first quarter 2013. My name is Larissa, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I'll now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Larissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman. Jeff will begin with some overview comments. After which, Jim will review operational performance, capacity and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our cost and capital structure and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first, from analysts, and then from the media. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you, all, for joining us on our first quarter 2013 earnings call Today, we report a loss of $325 million for the first quarter or $0.98 per share. Although we're unhappy reporting a loss, we're encouraged by the progress we're making. Our operational performance, customer satisfaction scores and unit revenue results all significantly improved this quarter, thanks in large part to the efforts of my co-workers. Our top priorities for 2013 remain the same: operate a consistently reliable airline, provide great customer service and run United to achieve our return on invested capital target of at least 10%. United's operational reliability is back on track. Our first quarter reliability was the best in a decade, with our mainline on-time performance, which includes both domestic and international flights, averaging 81%. We've gotten back to focusing on the basics. We are starting off right in the morning, getting the first flights of the day out on time. We are beginning the boarding process at the right time, so we can close the aircraft door and depart on schedule. We are continuing to invest in preventative maintenance, spare parts and ground-handling equipment to improve the reliability of our aircraft. We are enhancing the tools our co-workers use at the airport to make the check-in and predeparture processes easier for them and for our customers. This quarter, we began the rollout of Aero [ph], our new easy-to-use interface for our passenger service system. Aero [ph] is an integrated front end for our airport and reservations agents, and Jim will speak about some of its benefits in a moment. Investing in modern, efficient and intuitive tools for our co-workers is core to United's technology strategy, and launching Aero [ph] is another step forward in our plan to improve the systems our airport and reservations agents use. In addition to providing better tools to our co-workers, we're investing in customer-service training for all of our airport and reservations agents and flight attendants worldwide, including the flight attendants and airport agents at our United Express partners. To date, more than 14,000 of the 48,000 co-workers we will train have completed this interactive customer service training program. Feedback about the program has been excellent, and co-workers who participated in the training have found the material useful and directly applicable to their work. We expect to complete this important training by year-end. We're already seeing positive results from our efforts. Customer satisfaction scores climbed in the first quarter, as customers experienced noticeable improvements in United's reliability, customer service and product offering. At the start of the year, we implemented a new customer satisfaction bonus program for our co-workers. Each quarter, we'll set a goal for customer satisfaction scores, and if we achieve that goal, our co-workers will earn a $50 bonus. I'm pleased to say that my co-workers achieved our customer satisfaction goal for the first quarter, and we look forward to delivering even better customer service for the remainder of the year. With the improvements in our operational processes and our investments in aircraft reliability and in the tools our co-workers use to do their jobs, we're confident our operational reliability and customer service will continue to improve and make United the best choice for customers. During the first quarter, we reached tentative agreements for 3 joint collective bargaining agreements with the union representing 28,000 of our passenger service, fleet service and storekeeper co-workers. We were disappointed that the agreements were not ratified by those workgroups, and we'll be in discussions with the union and the National Mediation Board on a schedule to resume talks. Meanwhile, we're in discussions with the unions representing our technicians, our flight attendants and our dispatchers and hope to be in a position to reach one or more additional joint collective bargaining agreements later this year. During 2013, our customers will experience even more of our product investments. Our onboard experience is now more consistent and comfortable, with over 7,000 flat-bed seats in our premium cabins and Economy Plus seating on almost every mainline aircraft. Today, we offer Wi-Fi with in-seat power on 51 aircraft, including global satellite-based Wi-Fi on 8 of our Boeing 747s, and we've installed larger overhead bins on 60% of our Airbus fleet. We're in the process of completely revamping the interior of our p.s. aircraft, which fly between JFK and San Francisco and Los Angeles. We're installing flat-bed seats, economy-plus seating, Wi-Fi and in-seat power throughout the aircraft, and initial feedback from our customers has been terrific. We're investing in new airplanes and took delivery of 6 new fuel-efficient Boeing 737-900ERs in the first quarter. We're pleased that, late last week, the FAA gave the greenlight to Boeing to retrofit the battery system on our Dreamliners, and we currently expect to begin to fly them again domestically in May, with our first international 787 service being our new nonstop service between Denver and Narita on June 10. The grounding of the 787s disrupted our flight plans and had an impact on our bottom line, and we're eager to get this remarkable aircraft back up and flying. We're also improving our customer's experience at our airports. We're rolling out a simplified and intuitive boarding process that's gone through extensive testing and will be in place at all of our hubs and many of our larger stations by the start of the busy summer travel seasons. The new simplified boarding process will reduce the congestion and stress at the gate and improve our ability to depart on time. Our customers are now enjoying the modern features, additional space and functionality of our newly-redesigned United Club in Chicago O'Hare's Terminal 2. We plan to completely renovate 3 more United Clubs this year. We recently unveiled the first phase of our new Terminal B at Houston intercontinental airport. The facility is customer-pleasing, with comfortable space, efficient gate layout and great concession options for our customers at our important gateway hub in Houston. While we've been spending money on projects that drive returns, we need to do a better job of controlling our costs. We must become more efficient throughout our business in order to be globally competitive. With the distractions of our merger integration declining significantly and our operational performance and customer service improving, we're working to become more efficient and cost-effective while still maintaining solid operational performance, delivering great customer service and increasing our revenue. John will give a few examples of steps we're taking to reduce our costs, and Jim will talk about the actions we're taking to increase our revenue. Some of the costs our industry faces are outside of our control. The U.S. airline industry is irrationally taxed. And together with our customers, airline pay nearly $19 billion annually in 17 different taxes and fees, excluding income tax. The federal government recently proposed a budget which would cost the U.S. airline industry an additional $5.5 billion per year in taxes and fees, which is more money than the amount of profit the entire industry earned in 2012. In addition to heavy taxation, our government recently implemented broad-based furloughs for air traffic controllers, which have disrupted air travel across the nation. We are disappointed that the FAA chose this path that maximizes customer disruptions and damage to airlines instead of choosing a less disruptive method to comply with its budget obligations. Our top priority is to minimize the effect of the air traffic controller furloughs on our customers. Our professionals in our network operations center are working literally around the clock to minimize the impact of the FAA's irresponsible actions on our customers. And all of our co-workers are doing what they do best, safely managing our operations while delivering great customer service despite the government-imposed challenges we face. This year, we're finally moving beyond our merger and our customers are seeing positive results from the hard work we've all put into building United. Consistently achieving our operational, customer satisfaction and financial goals will allow us to invest in our product and service for our customers and in tools and training for our co-workers, with the goal of providing appropriate returns for our investors. We are running United like a real business for long-term success. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to join Jeff in thanking my co-workers for all their efforts this quarter. We made significant progress on operational reliability and customer service this quarter, and we couldn't have done it without the hard work of the entire team. I also want to thank all of our customers for choosing United. We are working hard to win your business each and every day. 2013 got off to a strong start operationally, with the team achieving its best first quarter on-time performance in a decade despite significant storm activity. United averaged 81% in on-time performance in the first quarter, and we paid out $22 million to our co-workers for domestic and international on-time performance exceeding our monthly goal. Our operational performance was particularly strong during the busy spring break travel period, which overlapped with the Easter holiday. During the last 3 weeks in March, load factors were 87.9%, nearly 2 points higher than the comparable period a year ago. Over this period, the United team worked together and achieved an 82.1% domestic on-time performance, an improvement of 4.5 points versus the same period in 2012. This was the first true test of our operations since last summer, with an extended period of high load factors and not only met our goal, we exceeded it. One initiative that will support our operational performance is the new passenger service system interface called Aero [ph], which we rolled out to our gate agents in March. Aero [ph] is an integrated user interface which has intuitive and practical navigation to make the functions our agents perform easier and quicker. Hundreds of our front-line agents were involved in the design and development of Aero [ph], and it equips our co-workers with more accessible information and intuitive point-and-click access and also brings them added functionality. By June, gate agents will be able to perform all aspects of departure management within Aero [ph] at airports across the system. Later this year, we'll begin rolling out Aero [ph] to lobby agents, and then we'll roll it out to reservation agents beginning in early 2014. Moving to capacity. Our first quarter consolidated capacity decreased 4.9% year-over-year. This was at the low end of the range we guided to in January, in large part due to higher-than-expected winter storm activity. Capacity discipline remains a key tenet of our strategy, and the trans-Atlantic region is a good example where we reduced capacity 10.2% year-over-year in the first quarter as we rightsized our footprint in response to the economic weakness we continue to see in Europe. One of the benefits of having a balanced global network with strength in each entity is that we're better able to respond to any change in economic conditions in a particular global region. We expect second quarter consolidated capacity to decrease between 1.7% and 2.7% year-over-year and expect full year 2013 capacity to decline 0.75% to 1.75% versus 2012. Full year capacity guidance was lower than we guided to in January primarily due to the effect of the grounding of our 787 Dreamliners. We've made some schedule changes because of our inability to put the Dreamliners into service, and we expect to resume 787 domestic flying in May, with Denver to Tokyo, Narita scheduled to begin on June 10. We expect to begin flying 787s from Los Angeles to Tokyo, Narita; Los Angeles to Shanghai; and Houston to Lagos in August and have delayed the launch of our San Francisco to Taipei route on a 777 from 2013 to 2014. These flights represent a substantial amount of ASMs. And while the delays lower our 2000 (sic) [ 2013 ] capacity outlook, they will increase our expected 2014 year-over-year capacity. Turning to our revenue results. First quarter consolidated passenger unit revenue increased 5.9% year-over-year. A few items positively impacted first quarter PRASM results, including Easter shifting into March and overlapping with spring break this year and higher-than-expected weather-related cancellations, which lowered capacity. In 2012, we underperformed our peers by 1 to 2 PRASM points, and we're beginning to close that gap with our first quarter revenue results. The depreciation of the yen reduced first quarter passenger revenue by approximately $20 million, and we expect the year-over-year yen pressure to continue throughout 2013. Despite the negative yen impact, the Pacific continued to perform quite well for us in the first quarter. Pacific PRASM increased 7.2% year-over-year due to both higher yields and loads. China was again a standout, with first quarter PRASM increasing 13% compared to the first quarter of 2012. Corporate revenue began slowly recovering in the first quarter, increasing approximately 4% versus 2012. Despite the momentum we've seen with unit revenues since the start of the year, we are facing some headwinds. Certain economic indicators, including U.S. GDP outlook for the second and third quarters, have weakened since the start of the year. We have seen some impact on our April business mix, and we'll continue to monitor the outlook closely and make appropriate adjustments necessary. Also impacting business mix, government contract travel declined approximately 25% in the first quarter year-over-year, and we expect this trend to persist in the near term. Government contract travel, while an important piece of business for United, represents only about 2% of our overall passenger revenue. Competition has increased in the transcon markets, and the associated pricing actions have stimulated demand on New York to San Francisco and Los Angeles routes. This month, a competitor introduced new service on Newark transcon routes and lowered fares by more than 20%, which will negatively impact our second quarter PRASM. With lower fares, demand between Newark and San Francisco and Los Angeles has increased, and we've shifted some capacity from other markets to this market to add frequencies and strengthen our position as the New York area's leading airline. These added frequencies supplement our existing service between these hubs, as well as our popular p.s. service between JFK and our hubs in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Like any other company, large or small, that faces a new competitor, we will make sure Newark transcon customers can find a seat at a competitive price on a United flight. Part of our business plan at United is the continuous assessment of economic and demand trends. And as I mentioned, the latest macroeconomic outlook for the remainder of 2013 has softened. We'll continue to evaluate the demand environment as the year progresses, and we'll respond appropriately should conditions change. Turning to our near-term revenue outlook. Yields have softened as a result of the factors I've just discussed, and we currently estimate United's April consolidated PRASM to be flat to down 1 point year-over-year. This PRASM estimate is preliminary based on the data we have for April thus far. Ancillary revenue continues to perform very well, with first quarter ancillary revenue up 13%, and ancillary revenue per passenger up 14% versus the same period in 2012. Our goal is to grow ancillary revenue per passenger by at least 9% in 2013, and our first quarter performance positions us well to achieve that target. Improvements in Economy Plus and paid premium upgrades continue to drive much of the year-over-year growth in ancillary revenue. Sales of both Economy Plus and paid premium upgrades increased more than 40% year-over-year in the first quarter. A portion of the increase in preferred seating sales is due to more of our customers using direct channels for booking. The shift towards united.com and our mobile app allows our customers to take full advantage of our product and services that they value and comes at a lower cost to United than other distribution channels. We relaunched our Premier Access product in the first quarter, which allows customers to enjoy the convenience of priority security and check-in lines, as well as priority boarding. Service charges related to ticketing and itinerary changes grew about 10% in the first quarter due in large part to our improved operational performance, which reduced the need to waive these service charges. This is an example of how running an on-time, reliable airline directly benefits the bottom line. In addition to improving our network and ancillary product offering, we are upgrading United's product on the ground and in the air. We expect to open a new United Club in Seattle in the second quarter, with a similar modern look and feel as our new United Club at O'Hare's Terminal 2, offering comfortable space for our customers to work or relax. We're investing in our onboard products as well, with Economy Plus on nearly all of our mainline aircraft and most of our larger regional aircraft and lie-flat seats on 182 aircraft. In addition, as Jeff mentioned, we have 51 aircraft with Wi-Fi today, 38 of which have global satellite-based Wi-Fi and 13 of which have ground-based Wi-Fi. With the world's best network, our modern fleet and leading product offering, a great team of co-workers and a significantly improved operational performance and customer service, we are well positioned to drive strong revenue results going forward. We're encouraged with the progress we've made this quarter, but we're not yet where we need to be. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Jim. I'd like to start by thanking my co-workers for all of their hard work in the first quarter. By working together, we made significant progress in building the infrastructure we need to produce the level of returns our investors expect. Today, we reported a first quarter loss of $325 million. But during the quarter, we made significant investments in our operations, our fleet, our product offering and our people, and these investments are the right ones to make for the long term. We have also significantly improved our balance sheet since the merger and made more progress this quarter by paying down high coupon debt, reducing the size of our term loan and doubling the size of our revolving credit facility. Our first quarter consolidated operating expenses increased 2.1%. We made a number of decisions to accelerate certain expenses into the first quarter, including preventive maintenance work as we prepared our operations for the summer peak. First quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 11.1% versus 2012 in large part due to a 4.9% reduction in our consolidated capacity. Holding fuel rate and profit sharing constant, our first quarter consolidated unit cost increased 7.2% year-over-year. The increase in first quarter CASM, again, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit-sharing, is slightly below the guidance range we provided in our March investor update. At the end of the quarter, we signed a contract extension with a maintenance provider that resulted in more favorable terms and muted some of the increase in first quarter maintenance expense. Our cost increase in the first quarter was higher than what's acceptable, and we are committed to becoming more efficient in every aspect of our business. The achievement of our long-term financial goals relies on providing the best product and service to our customers and doing it in a far more cost-effective manner than our first quarter results reflect. As we previously announced, we are in the process of reducing management and administrative workforce by 6% and are about 2/3 through that process. We now expect our full year capacity to decline further than we had anticipated due in part to the grounding of the 787, and we need to reduce our cost commensurate with that additional capacity decline. As our operations continue to improve and become even more stable, we will run them more efficiently, which will permit our people to focus even more on delivering great customer service every day. Concurrently, we are investing in technology for our customers like our mobile app and tools for our co-workers like Aero [ph], the enhanced front end to our passenger service system, to make the airport experience easier and more efficient. Another example of our commitment to efficiency is fuel consumption. In addition to operating a fuel-efficient fleet, we have several operational initiatives underway to reduce fuel consumption. We are constantly looking for opportunities to improve in this area because even small improvements have a meaningful impact on the bottom line. For example, this quarter we became the launch customer for the new Split Scimitar Winglet, built by Aviation Partners Boeing, which will help us further reduce fuel burn on our Boeing 737 Next-Gen fleet by up to 1.8%. For the second quarter, we expect CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit-sharing, to increase between 6.7% and 7.7% year-over-year. We expect full year CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit-sharing, to increase between 5.5% and 6.5% year-over-year on lower capacity. Our full year CASM guidance is higher than our original expectation at the start of the year because of a lower capacity outlook and the impact of accelerated depreciation from an agreement to sell aircraft to FedEx. We reached an agreement during the first quarter to sell up to 30 Boeing 757-200 aircraft to FedEx and delivered the first aircraft to them this week. We had planned to retire these aircraft in the coming years, and this agreement will permit us to accelerate the elimination of older, less-efficient aircraft from our fleet. As a result of this agreement, we accelerated the depreciation of some of these aircraft, which will increase depreciation expense by approximately $80 million in 2013, $12 million of which was in the first quarter. While the accelerated depreciation will adversely impact 2013 earnings, this agreement results in a positive economic outcome over the time period that these aircraft are replaced and provides a better product for our customers. It's another indication of how we are managing the business with a focus on creating long-term shareholder value. During the first quarter, we took delivery of 6 new Boeing 737-900ERs and retired 2 Boeing 757-200s and 3 Boeing 737-500s. In the second quarter, we expect to take delivery of 6 more new Boeing 737-900ERs and retire 12 mainline aircraft, including the last 5 Boeing 737-500s and 5 Boeing 767-200s. We made substantial progress in strengthening our balance sheet in the first quarter, and our capital structure is the best that it's been in years. We made $1.3 billion of debt and capital lease payments in the first quarter, including $1 billion of prepayments. During the first quarter, we took 2 actions that significantly improved the health of our balance sheet: first, in February, we redeemed $600 million of secured notes with interest rates of 9 7/8% on the first lien and 12% on the second lien; second, we replaced our $1.2 billion term loan that was due in February 2014 with a $900 million term loan due in 2019. The interest rate of this new financing is LIBOR plus 300 basis points, subject to a 1% LIBOR floor. In conjunction with our term loan transaction, we replaced our $500 million revolving credit facility with a new $1 billion revolver. The combined term loan and revolver transaction improved our unrestricted liquidity position by $200 million and resulted in a more efficient source of liquidity. We closed the first quarter with an unrestricted liquidity position of $6.4 billion, including the new $1 billion dollar revolver. In addition to our strong liquidity position, our unencumbered asset balance has been increasing as we pay off the related secured debt. We estimate our current unencumbered asset balance to be in excess of $4.5 billion. Improving our balance sheet is good for all of our stakeholders. It lowers our interest expense, allows us to focus on long-term investments that improve the experience for our customers and co-workers and makes us a better, less-risky investment for our shareholders. As we look at our debt maturity profile over the next 5 years, we are confident in our ability to manage our annual debt service. We have approximately $1 billion of debt and capital lease maturities remaining in 2013, with approximately $500 million due in the second quarter. We have a 1.1 -- we have $1.1 billion of maturities due in 2014 and $1.9 billion due in 2015, which includes $800 million of 6 3/4% secured notes, which become prepayable at par in September of 2014. We expect approximately $530 million of gross and $340 million of net capital expenditures in the second quarter. For the full year, we expect gross capital expenditures of $2.5 billion, $1.7 billion net of financing. Our full year CapEx guidance is consistent with prior guidance from a cash flow perspective but reflect change in the way we account for the return of purchase deposits based upon how we finance aircraft. While we reported a loss for the first quarter, our plan for 2013 remains the same, to generate a return on invested capital of at least 10%. We intend to recover the revenue we temporarily lost last year, strengthen our balance sheet and aggressively manage our costs. We are running this business to consistently create economic value for our shareholders and make United a great place to work and an even better airline to fly. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. None of us is happy with our first quarter financial results, but all of us believe that our operational and customer satisfaction results for the quarter offer proof that we're taking the right steps in building the foundation for our future. We have high aspirations and the focus and determination to achieve them. Not only do we want to create the world's leading airline, but we want to create an airline that is actually a real business, a business that consistently invests in its product and customer service, a business that invests in tools and training for its co-workers, a business that competes and wins against its competitors and a business that consistently earns a sufficient return on its invested capital. We still have much work ahead of us before we can achieve these goals, but we're confident we're on the right path. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Larissa, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Fintzen from Barclays.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A question for Jim. You kind of walked through some of the moving parts of RASM in the quarter from comp to sort of weather and the like. I'm curious sort of on 2 pieces potentially. One of is, can you quantify what you think the weather -- I wouldn't want to say benefit, but the weather impact to RASM in 1Q was? And then is there anything you can disclose in terms of corporate share and sort of how much corporate share gain? Or do you think there's corporate share gain that's happening as you start to bring some of that business traffic that was on detour back on to the system?
James E. Compton: David, this is Jim. Weather-related capacity was down about 1%, and so we haven't assigned a RASM contribution to that. But clearly, that was one of the pieces of it. We've talked about the Easter shift, and we estimate that to be about 0.5 to 1 point of that RASM so that piece, we feel pretty comfortable with identifying. In terms of corporate, what I'd like to say is that what we're hearing from our corporations, first of all, and from our corporate travel managers is they're clearly recognizing the work the team has done in operations to bring back reliability. We're getting that feedback as we continue, as always, to have dialogues with them through the quarter. From a share perspective, though, I'd like -- we're seeing that recovery of the revenue that we lost last year. And so when you ask, where is that share gain, I'd say that share gain is positive versus where we're off last year, but we still feel we have a lot of work to do and to upside in terms of regaining what we lost last year. As well as by -- again, as I've talked to before, the dialogue with the corporations is not about the operational difficulties that we had last year. It's really about how we can bring value to their travel needs, and we think that has upside to us in the future also.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a quick one for John. Just you -- we have the CapEx guidance for this year. But just any sense how we should be thinking about CapEx kind of beyond this year?
John D. Rainey: Well, David, we talked about when we gave our CapEx guidance at the beginning of the year that there was a disproportionate amount of onetime items in this year. I think we said it was roughly half of our CapEx was more anomalous, sort of once-in-a-generation type items like building a data center or 2 new maintenance centers or maintenance hangars, like we are this year. Going forward, just sort of from a run rate perspective, we're going to continue to focus on our fuel-efficient fleet. We've got 700 planes, and if we fly those planes 25 or 30 years, we're going to replace 25 to 30 a year. So from a fleet CapEx, that's what a normal run rate will be. That's going to be a little bit lumpy from one year to the next. I think the real area of improvement is in the non-aircraft CapEx, and I would expect that to come down appreciably. We still do have some CapEx needs related to this integration, I mean one of the things we're doing is sticking 2 airlines, putting 2 airlines together. So it's not going to just plummet next year, but we do hope to see that come down in the very near future.
Operator: John Godyn from Morgan Stanley is online with a question.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, I just wanted to follow up on some of your PRASM commentary there, just clarify 2 things. I think you just mentioned that you weren't quite at that sort of 2% run rate even though we've seen some of these months show very strong PRASM, like we did in March. That's not representative of yet being at that 2% sort of gap that you're looking to close. And secondarily, when we think about the nature of that 2% that you estimated for last year, I think not all months are created equal. As we look into this summer, isn't that gap -- I mean, is it fair to assume that, that gap that could be closed could be significantly more than 2% just because that period was particularly soft last year? Just curious what your thoughts are.
James E. Compton: John, I think it's a good point that you allude to. I think looking at RASM month-to-month basis, there's all kinds of things that can affect any individual month. So that when we talk about the 1 to 2 points last year, it's really a smoothing over the year of what we thought we lost, right? And so we talked about a year ago at this time, the first quarter with some items related to our cutting over to our revenue management system to a single optimizer, and we've talked about that, as well as some conservative booking around March 3 in PSS, that's attributing to about a 1-point RASM negative to us. And as you went through the year, I think different issues came up for the company. As you run into the second quarter and some of the stress that we put on our customers and our employees through the integration, the complication of the integration also affected our performance. And to your point, in the summer, particularly in July, our operational reliability hit its lowest level. So I think getting back to where I started, I think that we really feel that the 1 to 2 points in lost RASM points in the revenue associated with that was with a number of things last year, with the integration of the airline. And we feel comfortable we're on track in terms of regaining that, as first seen in our first quarter RASM performance. But still, we know we have a lot of work to do and really focused on getting all that back and again, building on the strength of the network.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And John, just one on cost. I know that this year is sort of a transition year with some CASM x fuel and inflation. But when we just sort of take step back and think about what a normalized CASM x fuel growth rate trend should be in a flattish capacity environment, how should we think about that?
John D. Rainey: John, probably 2/3 of our CASM increase on a full year basis is related to the some of the mark-to-market on our new labor agreements, and that is clearly more one-time in nature. Going forward, you'll see more normal sort of standard yearly increases, and so I think this is clearly a blip for us. I think in a flat capacity environment, we ought to be trying to maintain our unit cost to something at an inflation level or below.
Operator: Mike Linenberg from Deutsche Bank is online with a question.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a couple here. A couple of carriers around the world who fly the 787 have publicly indicated maybe what the impact was to them. I suspect that, that's not your style. Some of these are much more aggressive in going after the manufacturers for penalties. When we think about the March quarter, how much of an impact did the 787 grounding have? And I mean, you've already given us the capacity, a revised number which, for the year, it's a 75-basis-point hit. But is there anything else you can say about maybe additional costs incurred carrying a core of 787 pilots not being able to fly in some of these markets, maybe some revenue impact. Anything that you can give us on that front would be great.
John D. Rainey: Mike, this is John. In terms of the costs that we can specifically ascribe to the grounding of the 787, we took a special charge in the quarter, which included about $11 million related to the 787. Clearly, there's some other kind of revenue impact, if you will, which is much smaller and is not necessarily included in special charge. But we're excited to have the plane back and get it back flying next month. It is a great airplane. And Boeing has been a great partner with us, and we fully expect them to continue to be.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great, John. And then just my second question, and this is to Jim. We have the capacity plan, which is -- which has been revised lower. As we look at the business that you have tuned from Japan, you to do carry a fair share amount of Japanese leisure traffic. I know we are heading into the peak summer season. But is -- the bias, with respect to capacity, is it to the downside when we think about where the yen is, where the forecasts are for the yen later this year and as a result, what that will do to the demand from Japanese travelers to U.S. dollar-denominated destinations like Guam?
James E. Compton: Mike, Jim. The -- I think our capacity and guidance is right in line with kind of -- with where we expect the yen to be and the demand associated with it. The Japanese -- those packages, particularly the Guam, are baht- and yen-denominated, and so we think our capacity is lined fairly well in terms of the demand, in terms of the passenger traffic through there. But to your point, as always, when I make the macro assumption that we'll monitor the environment and so forth, we'll do that at a regional level also and make sure that we adjust capacity based on the demand that we're seeing.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Jim, just asking it another way. Is it -- does the fleet forward schedule actually already incorporate some drawdown in capacity in some of those markets?
James E. Compton: No, no. At this point, it's still our -- it's our plan that we've had for this year.
Operator: Hunter Keay from Wolfe Trahan is online with a question.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: John, correct me if I'm wrong, I may be looking at this table wrong, so please, first of all, tell me if I'm incorrect. But it looks like if Brent goes up by $40 per barrel, you're only saving $0.09 on your hedge book. And when I look at $110 million of hedge losses being run through the P&L, it just -- I think it begs some questions on sort of the strategy between keeping premium costs down and hedging against sort of these spikes that may be sort of exogenous-driven. So I guess the question here is, what is the hedging strategy? And when I see stuff like this, should I maybe think that it's open to changing?
John D. Rainey: First of all, Hunter, I'd say that we always look at what's going on in the oil market, and we are -- we take into account changes in the oil market with respect to our hedging strategy. What we've done, over the last year, probably is more what I would describe as hedging with a range bound mindset in terms of what happened to fuel. If you look at 2008, 2009, fuel ran up to $140 or whatever it was. Jet fuel, I think, was at the $170 level, and clearly, that created some demand distraction and you saw new sources of supply come on. And it appears now that the range that oil is trading in is much closer in. And so what we've done with our hedge book is reflect that, and so you see us taking these 3-way positions where we might buy a call at, say, for example, $110 Brent and then sell it at $125. And so we're protected in that range from $110 to $125. And so in your question, your example, yes if it goes to $140, we're not protected at that point. But I think what we've seen is that there's a certain amount of demand distraction that occurs at that point, and that's not something that can be sustained. And I think to insure for that is very expensive. Our hedge book today, we're about 34% hedged over the next 12 months, and we've spent $11 million or $12 million on the hedge premium. So I think it's a prudent use of our cash, considering that this is almost $13 billion of our cost structure, and it's something, I think, we're pretty thoughtful about. What you're seeing, in respect to the possible hedge loss, that's simply a mark-to-market swing from one month to the next, and we've seen prices come down appreciably here in the last week or so. And so as we mark-to-market that hedge position that doesn't get hedge accounting, that's going to swing the other way. We had a $50 million positive swing, a gain, this month and that could bounce back. But this is one way that we try to minimize and mute the volatility. As I said, fuel efficiency is another way. We spend a lot of capital and focus on that. And then lastly, I think we continue to believe that as an industry, we need to be able to price through our cost inputs. And that's one of the benefits, I think, that we've seen with some of the consolidation is a healthier, more structurally sound business.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, John. That's helpful. In terms of -- another question maybe for Jim or Jeff even. I'm a little surprised to hear you guys mention specifically the Newark, San Francisco route. Given that -- I kind of thought that it would be -- your network would be big enough to absorb sort of turf defenses like this without it showing up. And some of the pushback that I get a lot when I push a bull case for airlines is this whole concept of barriers to entry and airlines defending turf. With the realization that this is obviously a trunk route for you and it's of utmost strategic importance for the long term is clearly not helpful for your ROIC right now. And I guess, the question is how long are you willing to defend this turf? How willing do you think Virgin is to stay here and bleed losses for an extended period of time before something actually has to give?
James E. Compton: Hunter, Jim. So the way we think about the market is, obviously, it's -- when we've seen competitors come into a market and lower prices significantly, it generates a lot of demand. And it's unique to us because we have such a great presence in both the L.A. basin, the San Francisco Bay area, and we've talked about our great presence in New York. But prices that have been lowered as much as 20% -- starting at 20% down, when you have great presence in those markets is going to generate a lot of demand. And so the way we look at it is that we want to make sure that as we generate significant demand, that customers that want to fly United have a seat and they can get it. I will say that we don't -- we think about that in terms of also our kind of overall strategy right, our overall strategy of capacity discipline. And so as you can see, as we manage ourselves in that market, we haven't changed our guidance, our capacity, and we find ways to do it across the network that, quite frankly, every day what we're trying to do is optimize the network. and I think that's what our goal is and that's what we're trying to do, when someone stimulates that much demand is make sure that we have a seat for our passengers.
Operator: Glenn Engel from Bank of America is online with a question.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you talk about labor? There was a flight attendant agreement that didn't end up happening. Do you end up keeping that in your accruals anyhow even though the agreement was rejected? And where are we in terms of which groups have had their wages harmonized, which still have left? And where are we on integrating contracts?
John D. Rainey: Glenn, this is John. The agreement that there was a TA for, tentative agreement, that did not ratify was for the employees that are represented by the IAM, which is our customer contact and airport agents. That did not ratify, to your point. We're still's optimistic that we will get a deal there. I think that any time that there's -- something like that is voted down, we want to take into account the reasons why it was voted down and see if we can reshuffle the deck chairs and get something that is good for our employees and good for the company. So to the -- we still are optimistic about that and there is still some amount of costs in our guidance for the full year for that. With respect to...
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is that not reflected in the first quarter as well?
John D. Rainey: It was reflected in the first quarter because we had an expectation that it would ratify. That's one of the reasons our cost guidance came in slightly better than what we expected when it didn't.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the rest?
John D. Rainey: Yes, with respect to the other labor groups, obviously, we got -- made a significant achievement with our pilots in getting a JCBA there. We still need to get -- while we've had individual labor agreements with each of the 2 sides, on the flight attendant side as well as the mechanics side, we are working through the joint collective bargaining process there. I don't really -- I can't really give you an idea in terms of timing, but it's something that we clearly recognize our employees want and we want. I think all being part of one team and being under -- all rolling together is an important aspect of getting these 2 groups together.
Operator: Jamie Baker from JP Morgan is online with a question.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question relates to H7N9. It doesn't appear that the virus has driven any revisions in your schedules or your business plan. But in the event we have a repeat of SARS, could you remind us as to what your network options are? What level of capacity can you pull down before you start jeopardizing slot and route rights? Would capacity more likely be grounded? Or should we assume it's redeployed? Just what's -- wondering what sort of network contingency you might be thinking about.
James E. Compton: Jamie, this is Jim. Similar to H1N1 years ago, we actually have good flexibility in order to adjust our capacity. To this point, as you mentioned, the current flu, we're not seeing any significant booking away or any significant impact due to it. We, obviously, watch and monitor the CDC very closely and work with the field and so forth. But based on past experience, we've had tremendous flexibility to adjust, and I think, obviously, with the breadth of the network now, the flexibility is more enhanced in today's environment than even years ago.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, that's a good point. It was a pre-merger phenomenon. Second question for Jeff, if air travel didn't take so long, I'd do more of it, and I'd be willing to pay more for it. The most recent and best example of an initiative that actually improves the value proposition of air travel is PreCheck, and that's not even an airline idea. It's a government program. It isn't perfect, but it does make things faster. And I would argue that, that's the -- speed is the business that you're in. So programs like global services, concierge key, very lavish benefits. They make the time allocated to air travel more pleasant, but they don't decrease the time that it takes. So here's my question, do you think there's an opportunity for an airline to ever come up with a program that actually improves on the amount of time travel takes? Or do we have to rely on the government to take this out for us?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, there's a couple of things, Jamie. First of all, as you probably know, we've -- since 9/11, we've been working with the government to have a more logical and layered approach to security, and you recollect the old "trusted traveler" idea. Well, precheck is essentially that, finally. It's taken the government a long time. As you know, we do not control the TSA and we -- all we can do is talk to them and plead with them. But I must say I commend the TSA for coming up finally with PreCheck. It's an excellent product, and I would encourage every traveler who qualifies for it to do because it's superb. It's like the good old days, and it does indeed save time. We do offer Premier Line and Premier Access to our customers, which speeds them through, our Premier Lines, through security and also boarding at the gate. So we are very conscious of our customers' time. We do -- that's why we also do our very best to run a reliable operation to minimize the delays and to get people where they want to go on time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We'll now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] Mary Jane Credeur from Bloomberg News is online with a question.
Mary Jane Credeur: [indiscernible] situation. And can you quantify how many flights you're seeing delayed on any given day, what it looks like at peak time versus nonpeak? And what's going to happen when we get a big nasty thunderstorm on a Monday morning?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Mary Jane, I'm sorry, you faded out. But I assume you're talking about the air traffic control furloughs?
Mary Jane Credeur: Yes, sir.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Yes, sure. Right now, let me -- first of all, let me tell you that I think everyone knows that this is very frustrating for everyone, for our customers, for our co-workers, and we're doing our best to help our customers. As I mentioned earlier, we've got great folks not only at our network operation but our airports, working to minimize the impacts on the customers. And so far, we've been able to limit the flight cancellations to our regional operations, not the mainline. That's affects fewer passengers because the regionals carry fewer passengers than the mainline. But the delays are indeed affecting our mainline operations. At United, we -- this is so far affecting, on average, about 20,000 passengers a day, and of course, all of our competitors are experiencing similar effects because this is a network business. We're working with A4A, Airlines for America, which is our industry association in D.C. And this is clearly a network business, and the cancellations and delays will be cumulative. The longer this goes on for us and for all of our competitors and for all of the customers nationwide, it's going to have -- if it continues on, it will have an average effect on the industry and the economy as well. And at both of those, there's got to be a better way. Look, there are very good folks in Washington who understand what's happening and they want to fix it, and we're working with them in every way we can. But one thing I just want to make clear to you is that this isn't the fault of the air traffic controllers. I mean, they're doing their very best to manage flights under really difficult circumstances, and I want them to know that we support them. And we appreciate all they're doing to minimize the impact of the furloughs.
Mary Jane Credeur: And do you think that we'll have -- there's talk just this last day or so of a legislative solution possibly percolating. Do you think that, that will come to fruition?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, we're certainly hopeful that -- well, we're certainly working with the good folks in Washington to make that happen. I mean, this is really important for our nation. This is something that, if it continues, it will damage our economy, it will damage jobs. This cannot continue, and I hope the good folks in Washington that we're working with will get that legislation drafted and passed and on the President's desk.
Operator: Josh Freed from the Associated Press is online with a question.
Josh Freed: Further on the air traffic control situation, do you get any kind of heads up or guidance from FAA on where they should be? I mean to what extent are you able to plan ahead? I mean, do you get 6 hours' notice, 24 hours' notice on furloughs? Maybe you can tell us a little more about that.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, we obviously are in contact within as much as we can be, and we have morning calls with them. But these are a bit like sort of pop-up thunderstorms, they are not predictable. The problem is there's no consistency to it, and it's very hard to plan for, Josh. The result of that is you can't effectively pull down schedules like you could in a storm system, where you can see it coming and then you can take action ahead of time. This is -- this pops up around the country fairly randomly, and that's what makes it so difficult and that's what makes it candidly so much harder on our customers.
Josh Freed: All right. And do you think it will continue that you'll be able to prevent cancellations on the mainline? Or is it doubtful that, that will -- do you think eventually this will start to hit the mainline more?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Josh, I don't know. It just depends upon how this falls out. I think we'll be a lot smarter over time. I hope that we don't have to be smarter over time. I hope that our -- the folks in Washington will realize how severe this is. I believe they are realizing it and will take action to stop it.
Sarah Murphy: Okay. With that, we're out of time, so we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nene Foxhall - EVP Communications and Government Affairs Sarah Murphy - Director IR Jeff Smisek - Chairman, President & CEO Jim Compton - Vice Chairman & Chief Revenue Officer John Rainey - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan Kevin Crissey - UBS Jamie Baker - JPMorgan John Godyn - Morgan Stanley David Fintzen - Barclays Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Josh Freed - Associated Press Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012. My name is Brandon and Ill be your conference facilitator today. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you Brandon. Good morning everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chairman, President, and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will review operational performance, capacity, and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our cost structure, balance sheet, and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this mornings earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the companys current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines, and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter and the full year. These items are detailed in our earnings release, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President, and CEO of United.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks Nene and Sarah, and thank you all for joining us on our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings call. Today, we reported net income of $589 million for the full year or $1.59 per diluted share delivering a pre-tax margin of 1.6%. 2012 was the toughest year of our merger integration, and it wasnt an easy year for our co-workers or our customers. Despite our integration pains, we accomplished an enormous amount and we are now in a position to go forward as a single carrier and compete effectively on a global scale. Our operations are running smoothly where many product improvements are rolling out and our customer satisfaction scores are climbing. I want to thank all of my co-workers for working together during 2012 to help build the base for Uniteds future. Im pleased to recognize my co-workers hard work with a $119 million of profit sharing which we will distribute to eligible co-workers on February 14. I also want to thank our customers for choosing to fly United. Were working hard every day to make your travel experience a great one, and youll see continued improvement in our product and service as 2013 unfolds. In 2013, we will move beyond our merger; we will continue to deliver on our go-forward plan, the annual operating plan we use to guide our efforts and investments company wide. Our top priorities this year include running a consistently reliable airline, providing great customer service, bringing the rest of our work groups together, continuing to invest in our people, our technology, and our product offering, and running United as a business to achieve our return on invested capital target of 10% over the business cycle. We did not achieve our return on invested capital target in 2012, and were absolutely not satisfied with the financial results we produced last year. We need to generate better unit revenue and operate more efficiently, and were taking actions to address both of those areas. Leadership starts at the top, and in December we reduce the number of our officers by 7%. Today, we internally announced the difficult but necessary decision to reduce our management and administrative staff by 6% starting next month. We have many other actions planned to increase efficiency and increase our revenues throughout 2013 and beyond. I want to thank my co-workers for their professional response and empathy towards customers and fellow co-workers in the aftermath of super storm Sandy, which reduced our fourth quarter earnings by approximately $85 million. Our operations substantially improved in the fourth quarter triggering two on-time bonus payouts for our co-workers. I would like to thank my frontline co-workers for doing a great job managing high loads during the holidays, made more challenging by snow storms that hit a number of our hubs. Were back on track running a reliable operation, and well continue to support our operations through higher than normal staffing at airports, spare aircraft levels, and maintenance programs over the next few quarters to ensure that our operation performs as we and our customers expect it to. Customers are noticing our improved operational reliability, and as I mentioned earlier, our customer satisfaction scores continue to improve as does feedback from our corporate customers. Were keenly focused on improving our customer service, and weve begun a comprehensive customer service training program for our airport agents, contact center agents, and flight attendants worldwide. By the end of January, all airport contact centers, in-flight supervisors, and peer leaders will have completed training on how to lead their teams to provide great service. As we finish training the leadership, we will train all of our airport and contact center agents and flight attendants across the globe on our new customer service standards, and well complete all of this training this year. United is committed to providing great customer service each and every day, and it is the responsibility of every co-worker to do so. At our internal leadership conference next week, we will roll out, Its Our Job, a company-wide integrated approach to customer service. It's Our Job includes training that clearly explains our customer service standards and expectations for frontline co-workers. The program also includes an expanded outperform recognition program that rewards more employees for outstanding service and a broad based quarterly bonus program tied to improvements in customer satisfaction scores. This year, we will collect more detailed customer satisfaction data and begin customer service quality reviews across the system improving the quality and quantity of service delivery data that will help us identify areas of opportunity and future training needs. Importantly, our co-workers want to provide great customer service; they take pride in it and we in-turn take pride in their efforts. This year, were making sure they will have the tools that help them do their jobs. Throughout the year, well be rolling out a modernized fully integrated suite of tools for our airport agents that expands on recent enhancements and allows our agents to provide better and more efficient service to our customers. Well first implement these new tools at the gates to assist with the departure management process and improve the boarding experience for our customers. Later in the year, well expand these tools to include ticketing and check-in functions in the lobby. Were also investing in our customer relationship management technology to better understand our customers individual preferences when they travel. The more we understand our customers preferences, the better well be able to design and offer tailored products and services that meet or exceed their expectations and improve our profitability. Last year, we made substantial progress bringing our work groups together, an important step in building our working together culture. In December, our pilots ratified our first joint collective bargaining agreement, a four-year contract that marks to market the pay of our pilots while increasing their productivity and our scope flexibility. Additionally our subsidiary United, subsidiary Continental, and Continental Micronesia flight attendants, and Continental Micronesia technicians ratified a new collective bargaining agreement during 2012. Toward the end of last year, our negotiations for joint collective bargaining agreement with our airport and contact center agents represented by the IAM gained significant traction and continued on a good path early on the New Year. Were in expedited discussions for joint collective bargaining agreement with our technicians represented by the Teamsters, and were also in discussions for joint collective bargaining agreements with our flight attendants and our dispatchers. We understand the importance of marking to market, the wages and benefits of our people, and were committed to reaching competitive joint contracts with all of our work groups. In addition to seeing improved customer service this year, our customers will begin to experience the many product improvements weve discussed since our merger. By the end of the first quarter, 96% of our mainline fleet will have our very popular economy plus seating. Additionally, we have installed over 6800 flatbed seats in the premium cabins of our international aircraft, more than any of our U.S. competitors. In February, we will finish modifying our domestic Boeing 767 aircraft to an international configuration with fully flatbed seats in the business first cabin, seat back audio/video on demand, and power outlets throughout the aircraft. Customers today are using the new larger overhead bins on 70 of our airbus aircraft, and well finish installing those bigger bins across the rest of that fleet this year. Were installing global satellite based Wi-Fi across our mainline fleet with a modest number of aircraft outfitted to date, including our first Boeing 747. Were ramping up installation and expect to install global satellite based Wi-Fi on 300 of our mainline aircraft by yearend, and we will continue installation next year until substantially all of our mainline aircraft have this industry-leading Wi-Fi product. We took delivery of 25 new aircraft last year including six Boeing 787 Dreamliners. History teaches us that all new aircraft types have issues, and the 787 is no different. We continue to have confidence in the aircraft and in Boeings ability to fix the issues just as they have done on every other new aircraft model they have produced. Safety is of course our top priority, and were working closely with the FAA and Boeing to safely return our 787 aircraft to service. In 2013, we expect to take delivery of 26 new fuel efficient and customer pleasing aircraft including two more Dreamliners in the second half of the year. At the end of last year, we opened our first completely redesigned and expanded United Club at Terminal 2 of O' Hare International Airport, and were receiving outstanding feedback from our customers on the look, feel, and usability of the club. If youre passing through OHare, I encourage you to drop by the club for a glimpse of the future. This year, we will renovate four additional United Clubs around the network with this superb new look and feel. As with our operations, our service standards, and our people, we will continue to make substantial return-oriented investments in our product and customer experience this year. Im confident that our focus on operational reliability, customer service, product improvements, and our working together culture will put United on the right track for creating economic value in 2013 and beyond as we become the worlds leading airline. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff. I would like to take a moment to thank my co-workers for their hard work in 2012. Our operational performance and revenue results last year did not meet our expectations or our potential, but we built the foundation for United from which well provide consistent reliability, a competitive product offering, and a great customer service in 2013. I would also like to thank our customers for choosing to fly United. We appreciate your business and our working together to make United the best airline for you. Our operational performance improved in the fourth quarter, and we delivered 80% on-time performance for the quarter despite severe weather including super-storm Sandy and snow storms. In 2012, we paid out six on-time bonuses totaling $26 million to our co-workers for achieving monthly on-time goals including two pay-outs during the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter mishandled bag ratio improved nearly 10% from the summer lows. It takes team work, reliable fleet, and the right processes and procedures to run a consistently reliable airline, and well continue to invest in those areas this year. Running a reliable airline is highly correlated with customer satisfaction scores and passenger revenue results. As we improved our reliability at the end of the third quarter and throughout the fourth quarter, our customer satisfaction scores improved nicely, and we have recently seen encouraging progress with passenger revenue. I look forward to more closely integrating the way we manage both operations and revenue in my new role. Our full year consolidated capacity declined 1.5% year-over-year in 2012 demonstrating our continued commitment to capacity discipline. In the fourth quarter, consolidated capacity was 4.2% lower versus 2011. Our approach to capacity deployment remains the same, met supply with demand on a market by market basis. Through this approach, were confident we can optimize our broad network and generate returns in excess of our cost of capital. As we experienced merger-related operational issues last year, we took actions to support our integration and our operations that did not optimize our network or revenue and that added to our cost. Examples include higher staffing levels at airports, carrying a higher level of spare aircraft, and modestly increasing our block and ground time. During 2013, as we streamline our boarding process, deliver on our new easy-to-use and more intuitive technology for our co-workers at airports, and consistently deliver reliable operations well begin to unwind these actions. Now turning to our revenue results, consolidated passenger unit revenue increased 0.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012 and 1.7% for the full-year versus 2011. These results include $140 million of loss revenue due to super storm Sandy. The Pacific was our best performing geographic region in the fourth quarter and for the full year. As PRASM increased 5.9% and 5.8% respectively. Both higher yields and loads contributed to the solid performance. China continued to be a highlight in the fourth quarter with PRASM increasing 9% and yield increasing 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Our ancillary revenue increased 2% and 3% respectively for the fourth quarter and full-year 2012 compared to 2011. Our fourth quarter capacity reduction resulted in fewer [employments] (ph) and in turn lower checked bag and change fee revenue. During the fourth quarter, we implemented a second bag fee for travel between the U.S. and Japan and are the only U.S. carrier to apply this important cost recovery mechanism across our entire transpacific network. We have heard from our customers how much they value more space to work and relax when they travel, and were pleased to offer the seating products that they value and will pay for. Economy Plus continued its outstanding performance with 33% sales growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter and 25% growth for the full-year 2012. Sales of paid premium upgrades increased 58% in the fourth quarter and 34% for the full year versus 2011. A significant portion of the increase in economy plus and paid premium upgrade sales is due to pricing optimization permitted by our powerful SHARES platform. While our corporate revenue for the full year increased modestly due to higher yields, were dissatisfied with the 2012 results. The operational challenges we faced last summer impacted our corporate customers, and our corporate revenue and share premium performance lagged our expectations. Put simply, some of our corporate customers took a detour while the road was under construction, and we suffered for it. Were confident, however, that in 2013, we will win back those corporate customers and attract new corporate customers with our significantly improved operational reliability, our improving customer service, our competitive product, and our industry-leading network. We aspire to be the travel partner of choice for our corporate customers. A partner that helps them reach their goals. We also know how important it is to listen to our customers, and we have an ongoing dialogue with many of the travel managers at our top accounts throughout through our corporate advisory board. Through frequent conversations with our corporate advisory board members, we keep our finger on the pulse of our customers expectations, experiences, and aspirations for United. From our most recent conversations, we know our corporate customers are experiencing firsthand the improvements in our reliability, customer service, and product offering. Route network and schedule convenience may be the most important factors when many business customers choose an airline , but we recognize the importance of running an on-time airline and offering great service with a competitive product as well. Uniteds best in class global route network is ideal for business travelers through our international gateways in New York, Washington DC, Chicago, Houston, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. We help our customers access the world. Our hubs are located in six of the eight largest metropolitan areas in the U.S. and are uniquely positioned across the country to create an unmatched domestic and international network offering for our corporate customers. Were investing more than $0.5 billion in our product, making our customers travel experience more comfortable, relaxing, and simple. Beginning this quarter, our customers are going to experience many of the product investments we have been talking about for some time. United offers travelers the best options on board from more room to work and relax. Today, we have a 176 wide-body aircraft outfitted with our comfortable, lie-flat flat seats in the premium cabins. In February, every wide-body aircraft flying across the Atlantic will have lie-flat seats in the premium cabins. Our entire long-haul wide-body international fleet will have lie-flat seats by the end of the second quarter. Our industry leading Economy Plus seating is available on nearly our entire mainline fleet and on almost all of our larger regional aircraft. As just mentioned were installing global satellite based Wi-Fi across our entire mainline fleet and early customer feedback is very positive. Were the first U.S. airline that will be able to offer our customers the opportunity to stay in touch no matter where they are flying around the globe. Our product investments are not only on our aircraft. This quarter we will introduce the first phase on a new simplified boarding process that will release some of the boarding stress our customers experience. Were keenly focused on delivering great customer service and were training and equipping our co-workers to be able to deliver on that goal. We also continued to invest in our very popular mobile app in united.com making it easier for customers to do business with us. This year as our customers experience an improved reliability and substantial investments in our products and service while traveling on our industry leading route network, our value proposition will appeal more than ever to global corporate customers, small business travelers and leisure customers alike, we want every customer from Global First to last row of Economy to have a great travel experience on United. As for our capacity outlook we have operated in an environment of slow global economic growth for the last few years and based on the latest GDP information the 2013 outlook is similar. We expect our full year 2013 capacity to decline about 1.5% and expect first quarter capacity to decline between 4.1% and 5.1% year-over-year. Were committed to capacity discipline and achieving our return on invested capital goal. Turning to our January outlook, were running a solid operation month to-date with our domestic mainline and on-time arrival at 84% above our internal goal. And our mainline system completion factor is 99.5%. And finally we currently estimate Uniteds generated consolidated PRASM to increase about 2.5% year-over-year. With that I will turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks Jim. Today we reported full year net income of $589 million generating a pretax margin on 1.6% for the year. While we reported a full year profit for 2012 these results clearly fell short of our expectations and the return goals we have set. However I dont want that to take away from the tremendous efforts of our frontline co-workers. They are the face of United to our customers and bore the brunt of the integration challenges last year. And I want to thank them for their work. Were all glad to have the heavy lifting of a merger integration behind us. For the fourth quarter and full year 2012 our consolidated operating expenses increased 1.1% and 3.2% respectively. Full year 2012 CASM excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing, increased 3.4% year-over-year on 1.5% lower capacity. On a fuel rate and profit sharing neutral basis full year unit cost increased 2.5% versus 2011. Fourth quarter consolidated CASM excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing increased 6.5% versus 2011 on 4.2% lower capacity. Holding fuel rate and profit sharing constant our fourth quarter consolidated unit cost increased 4.8% year-over-year. In 2012 we continue to make progress improving our balance sheet making $1.5 billion of debt in capital lease payments including $265 million of prepayments. We ended the year with $6.5 billion of unrestricted cash. One of the real opportunities we have to provide value to our shareholders is to reduce the level and type of debt in our business and the cost associated with that debt. Were paying down high coupon, non-aircraft debt and reducing our reliance on debt financing to run the day to day operation instead accessing the capital markets to fund long term investments in our business. We continue to make progress in this area in 2012 paying off about $340 million of non-aircraft debt with an average coupon of over 11%. Our full year 2012 interest expense was $122 million lower than it was in 2011. At the end of the year we reached an agreement to amend the terms of two series of notes held by the PBGC, that the old United issued in its bankruptcy. The first series were 8% unsecured notes that the company was obligated to issue over time as certain EBITDA thresholds were met. The maximum amount which could have been issued was $500 million with $188 million already incurred. The second series with a 6% unsecured notes also held by the PBGC due in 2031. A recent agreement reduced the principal amount of the 8% notes to $400 million in return for issuing them now and removing the contingency and shortened the maturity of the 6% notes. For the last three years our return on invested capital has been 10.7% above our 10% target. However for the full year 2012 our return on invested capital of 8% was below our target. Were committed to achieving our return on invested capital goal and weve taken a number of steps to ensure we do so in 2013. First and foremost we have addressed the operational issues we faced last summer. Given our improved operations and increasing customer satisfaction scores we expect our revenue performance to improve this year. We also need to become more efficient. Weve a number of initiatives planned for 2013 that will increase our efficiency and mitigate some of the cost pressures we face. As Jeff mentioned we recently reduced our officer headcount by 7% and are reducing our management and administrative overhead by 6% to a mix of voluntary and involuntary reductions. As Jim explained we took a number of steps to address the operational issues we faced last summer and some of these actions resulted in higher cost as we consistently demonstrate our ability to run a good operation we will increase our efficiency and we will remove the cost associated with these actions.  We did a good job in 2012 in achieving cost and other revenue synergies but clearly underperformed from a passenger revenue synergy perspective. Were confident though that we will achieve the full merger synergies and look to get back on track on our passenger revenue synergies in 2013.  Turning to 2013 unit cost, we expect full year CASM excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing to increase between 4.5% and 5.5% year-over-year on lower capacity. This is higher than our CASM performance in past years and higher than what we expect on a normal run-rate basis. Approximately 2.5 points of the year-over-year CASM increase for 2013 is due to labor agreements. A significant portion of our co-workers had not received a pay increase for a number of years and were committed to paying our employees competitive market wages. The wage pressure in 2013 is effectively a mark to market adjustment that is larger than the ongoing normal year-over-year labor cost pressure we expect to incur in future years. An additional 1/3rd of point of year-over-year CASM pressure is due to increased pension expense which is largely a result of a lower expected discount rate. We have a $2.4 billion unfunded pension obligation and while this is a long term obligation that needs to be managed just like debt the accounting cost of that obligation can change significantly from one year to the next. The remaining approximately 2% year-over-year increase in CASM is what we consider core CASM growth and is much more in line what we would expect in our normal year and include some improvements in efficiency. Despite our higher CASM growth in 2013 we remain committed to achieving a return on invested capital goal of 10%. Because of the timing of some of the cost pressures I mentioned our year-over-year CASM increase in 2013 is not evenly distributed among the quarters and is skewed heavily toward the first part of the year. We expect first quarter CASM excluding fuel, third party business expense and profit sharing to increase 8% to 9% versus the first quarter 2012. Were projecting a consolidated capacity decline of between 4.1% and 5.1% in the first quarter which also puts additional pressure on our first quarter CASM. We expect CASM growth to moderate significantly in the second half of the year with an increase between 2% and 3% year-over-year. We took delivery of 25 aircrafts in 2012 including six Boeing 787 Dreamliners and 19 Boeing 737 900ERs and removed 23 aircraft from service in the year including 19 737 Classics, 3 767 200s and one Boeing 757. We also sold or returned to lessors 37 aircraft that had been parked in the desert. In 2013, we expect to take delivery of two more Dreamliners and 24 Boeing 737 900ERs which will replace older less efficient aircraft in our mainline fleet. We expect to end the year with 10 fewer mainline aircraft than we started the year with a total of 692 aircraft. Our 2013 scheduled debt and capital lease principal payments amount to $1.9 billion, $600 million of these obligations are the secured notes that carry interest rates of 9.875% on the first lien and 12% on the second lien. These instruments mature in the back half of 2013 but allow for prepayment without penalty next month which we intend to do. We expect 2013 gross capital expenditures including purchase deposits of $2.5 billion or $1.4 billion net of expected financing.  Earnings instability and liquidity issues prior to our merger resulted in chronic underinvestment in our business. To provide the product we need to achieve our earnings and return on invested capital targets we played catch up with capital investment for the last two years. Of the 1.4 billion in net CapEx in 2013 approximately 40% to 50% is for items that are more one time in nature that we dont expect to incur on a consistent basis. For example were building a new data center and two new maintenance hangers and installing new overhead bins, slim line seats, winglets and Wi-Fi. We have the need and the intent to get to a more balanced approach to cash flow allocation as we complete the integration and harvest the benefits of our merger. Lastly as we move beyond the peak of our integration we expect integration related cash special charges to abate significantly in 2013 to approximately $250 million. In closing, 2012 was the toughest year of our integration but it's behind us. That said our disappointment about reporting almost 600 million of profit for the year is a clear sign of the increasing health and stability of our industry and of United specifically. It shows the progress were making towards becoming a real business that provides consistent returns for our shareholders. As I talk with many of our customers and co-workers they are encouraged by the significant progress weve made since the depths of our integration issues last summer. They like many of our investors recognize the potential that United has in 2013 and beyond. With that Ill turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks John. Weve a lot of momentum now and in 2013 were going to run a reliable airline and provide great customer service. Well deliver on our go-forward plan and use our ever improving fleet, facilities, technology, product, network and customer service to become the airline customers want to fly, investors want to invest in and co-workers want to work for. Ill now turn over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy:  Thank you, Jeff. First well take questions from the analyst community, then well take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please provide the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank:  Two questions here and maybe the first one is for Jeff. You have the pilot deal, you have that all set up but now you have to go through the seniority integration process, whats the timing on that and at what point if an agreement is not reached between the two groups would we go to binding arbitration, if you can just update us on that.
Jeff Smisek: Well we expect, Michael, we expect the seniority list integration to be accomplished this year and we currently see no issues in them reaching their agreement at a timely basis.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank: Okay good, and then just my second question and this is for you Jeff as well. You know 2012 indicated was a tough year, you did about 600 million of net and I look at a company like Delta who has roughly the same size as you on a revenue basis and they were 1.6 billion of net, when you talked earlier about the momentum you felt like that things were really starting to turn. Is that a gap that you think that you can close this year or is it more like a multi-year process to catch up with them. How quickly can things improve now that youve gotten over the big hump?
Jim Compton: I think as you mentioned obviously a tough year and the biggest, I think I talked about in this way I think the biggest disappointment from my perspective was the revenue, the synergies we faced last year and you know I think expectations I think you can think of one to two points in RASM that we under performed and you know and so my confidence is as John mentioned at close is that given the stability of the operations because I really believe predictability is important, when youre predictable things just operate so much better across the system and revenue flows with that. So you know were excited about 2013 given the initiatives that we have in place and you know we feel that we will certainly close that gap and but well work our way through the year but were very optimistic.
John Rainey :  Mark I would just add to that, this is John. 2013 is clearly a year where were focused on execution and proving our operational reliability. We think though that with the route network that we have and efficient fleet, the employees that we have, the results will take care of themselves if we do the blocking and tackling.
Operator: From Wolfe Trahan, we have Hunter Keay
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan: Congratulations on the second bag fee of Japan I think thats great news, Jim but I noticed correct me if Im wrong I dont think ANA has a second bag fee to the United States so it's two part question, did you coordinate with them you know with regard how the JVs has functioned and if they dont have a second bag fee for the US, are you just going to collect the second bag fee revenue and just give half to them as they dont have to necessarily deal with the bad publicity associated with the second bag fee.
Jim Compton: Hunter I won't get into specifics of how that work. I will tell you that obviously we work very closely with ANA, they are a terrific partner and you know the JV has mechanisms to work through all kinds of different things that come up and thats what we will do working with them but again were seeing the JV quite frankly is delivering terrific results as were seeing connections over Narita using ANA and also both of us are partnering with each other in the Trans-Pacific.
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan: And as it pertains to the January PRASM number if you look at the bookings that were up 400 basis points weighted average coming into the month and that was capacity down maybe 400  500 basis points. Im curious to know why the yields came in where they did in January, and is the strategy right now to just to sort of fill the flights and sort of focus on yields as the operational improvement gets better. So youre just focusing more of load factors in that regard or I guess the real ultimate question is how do yields start to go up again because thats probably going to have to provide the next leg of PRASM.
Jim Compton: Thats a great question, from my perspective the way I look at it is somewhat as you described, right, I think our challenges last year from the managements perspective is that we actually manage less flights that we underperformed in load factor and so as that load factor comes in what happens is we begin to manage more flights and [revenue manage analyst] [ph] begin to manage the buckets and so forth. So not talking too much about yield going forward but again as our corporate customers recognize what were doing from a reliability point of view as those, as the demand continues to grow we will manage the inventory to optimize that revenue.
Operator: From UBS we have Kevin Crissey online. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey  UBS:  So is there - can you talk about maybe if not the exact percentages but the progression of capacity, because 2.5% I think is lower than where people would have thought given the capacity cuts for the quarter so maybe there is something unique about January capacity relative to the rest of the quarter if you can talk about that.
Jim Compton: So I think the way to think about the quarter for us that 4.1% to 5.1% down in the first quarter is February even adjusting for leap year will be the most significant capacity cut month followed by not as much but March. So January is the least capacity year-over-year reduction of the quarter.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: And then just looking at the numbers you guys overall, I mean so I would hope that then you would have a pick up from here because if you look at I dont think your comparisons are more difficult than say U.S. airways or Delta but youre, there seems to be quite a bit of continued under improvement unless you have a significant pick-up from in February and March given where their guidance is for RASM, is that fair?
Jim Compton: I think again the when I talk about January, one data point for us is January is a little bit more difficult comp for us on a, if we went on a two year over two year just kind of put a framework reference in December were 8% up over 2 years that 2.5% represents a beat of that 8% on the two year basis. So any given month I guess it's hard, things can fluctuate and change. I think the investor updates were very feel good about the demand, the booking curve that we see going forward. 
Kevin Crissey - UBS: And I guess similar to Mikes question I guess, the way Im thinking is laborers gotten their pay increase. I know they didnt had in a while but you bought them a car, the pilots a car and then effectively with the amount of back pay and then youre buying them a car each year in terms of forward pay. The customers are getting a better product hopefully they will get a better operation as we move forward and yet the financial returns arent improved, they have diminished. So what Im trying to understand is whether this is a function of the challenges uniquely to your integration or if you rethink the timing of the synergies overall and whether they are more back loaded the benefits of the mergers in general, thanks.
John Rainey: I think speaking to synergy achievement, we targeted about to achieve 75% of the 1 billion to 1.2 billion last year and we did a good job in terms of other revenue and cost synergies. Those two combined amounted to about $650 million but as I said in my remarks earlier we clearly underperformed from a passenger revenue perspective. We have every bit of confidence that we will achieve the full run-rate of the 1 to 1.2 and were actually are optimistic about that. In terms of the timing, getting back to Mikes question. We love to get that in 2013 but it's also reasonable to assume that that could be a difficult bar and it could slip into 2014.
Operator: JP Morgan we have Jamie Baker online. Please go ahead.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: Jeff you and I sparred a little bit on the last conference call on the subject to pilot costs and to your credit the deal did come shortly thereafter so looking back I respect your decision to remain tight lipped, but you cant blame me for trying the same approach as it relates to mechanics and flight attendants. So, if we set aside wages, are there any competitor work rules incorporated into the contracts that are already out there that could afford you some greater flexibility or should we simply view this exercise as one of increased expense?
Jeff Smisek: Jamie, were trying to make sure that in return for marking the market with wages and the benefits of our co-workers, in return we get good productivity from them and flexibility because this is an industry that requires flexibility and you know were making -- very good progress with the IAAM. Were also making good progress with our teamsters and I hope to be able to announce some new deals as we go forward in time this year.
Jamie Baker  JPMorgan: Excellent and for my follow-up obviously unit margins lagging those of the industry you know Id argue and I sense you to agree that the only thing standing between you and margin parity is execution as opposed to being anything structurally wrong with the franchise but as we think about closing the margin gap what are the key drivers, what is the waterfall chart look like. Does fleet optimization drive a quarter of the gap and improve customer service another quarter, sending the management rank a few points do you have to buy an oil refinery, I mean what gets you from where you are today to where you know Delta already is.
John Rainey: I think you know clearly we got to make up a big part of that gap in terms of our revenue performance and some of that will come through corporate shares, some of it will be harvesting the benefits of the mergers through redeployment of aircraft in that nature but we also have a significant opportunity in terms of becoming more efficient., We have attacked some of our operational problems with, call it a blunt instrument and we have thrown head count at it and I think that we can be a lot more efficient. We can better deploy technology, put it in the hands of the customer and I think overtime we can actually see significant savings in other areas on the expense side.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have John Godyn online. Please go ahead.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up on some of the questions on closing the margin gap, as you know one of your competitors is very focused on announcing a plan for returning capital to shareholders this year. Once you do close the margin gap it's moving in that direction the next step?
John Rainey: Clearly, we have the aspiration of getting there, I would remind you that Delta is two years ahead of us in their integration and you know that the way that we have framed this internally is I would prioritize as we want to get the operation running like it needs to be and then we want to continue to pay down a lot of the non-aircraft debt, we got a significant amount of non-aircraft debt thats coming due in the next few years and then I think we can have a very healthy discussion about returning cash to shareholders. Now I would say I dont think all those have to happen in a serial fashion but clearly in terms of how I prioritize those thats what it would be.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Jim just a follow-up on some of the PRASM questions which I guess suggest that maybe Jan was a little bit weak, I know you cant give numbers for all the sort of comps issues but is it fair to say that it sounds like the completion factor that youre looking at for Jan and shift in Chinese New Year or maybe bringing Jan a little lower than maybe people would have expected and as we look into February certainly again the shift in Chinese New Year the easy comps perhaps depending on how the completion factor fairs and maybe some accounting adjustments are actually going to just naturally create a very big bump to PRASM, is that a fair way kind of framework for thinking about it?
Jim Compton: It is understood John. First of all the completion factor is exceeding our expectations, the operations has been stellar this month from a completion and so were generating the ASMs from a completion factor point of view. The second point is on the Chinese New Years a little bit is a good point also, a little perspective is January last year we cancelled 25 round trips because of the New Year and TransPac to support what become very much not a business travel period. That is shifted to February and so is a specific capacity you know is running kind of a more normal time with the Chinese New Year been in there. So both of those things affect exactly what youre talking about.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks and I couldnt help to notice that the advance book factor for the pacific was up meaningfully. Is it fair to say that youre seeing evidence of some of those easier reacceleration that we might be seeing in other date and other companies we track?
Jim Compton: In terms of leisure in general John?
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: I just mean in terms of traffic levels and demand.
Jim Compton: I think what were seeing is kind of ongoing, were seeing the ongoing kind of general economic environment that we saw in 2012 and seeing still good demand really in all the booking windows going out.
Operator: From Barclays, we have David Fintzen on the line. Please go ahead.
David Fintzen  Barclays: You know you mentioned I think as Jim mentioned sort of corporate customers around a bit of detour, Im curious obviously there is a lot you can do to improve the operation, but if (inaudible) find someone else, how do you make sure they know what youre doing and the piece of that is if youre hitting sort of your on-time performance targets, is it really your target that matter or do you think you have to make sure that you are towards to the top of the industry, so you can maybe show a customer who has gone somewhere else that your competitive in terms of the operation. Im curious how you think about that both in terms of the outreach and in terms of the absolute performance and the relative performance on the on-time side.
Jeff Smisek: It's a combination of things, it's not just the on-time performance and you need to be reliable and different levels of reliability above 80% have diminishing returns, but it's really also -- its many different factors, it's also very important as the customer service and which is why were focusing so heavily on customer service this year as you know I mean you all fly. A good customer service can take even delayed flight or a flight where there is an issue on-board the aircraft, a broken piece of IFE (ph) or something. And good service can turn that into a really good flight, you can also have a perfectly on-time flight on a brand new airplane everything works and if youre not getting good service it's going to be a crappy flight. So you know were also focusing very, very heavily on customer service both at the airport, on contact center agents with flight attendants and I think thats and I think you can see that in our improving customer satisfaction scores and I believe those scores will continue to improve. We have enormous amount of folks on it including were going to have a broad-based quarterly bonus program for all of our co-workers based on improvements in customer satisfaction scores. So were going to focus heavily on that and as people fly as the word does get out and were significantly better today for sure than were in the summer and I believe this time next year well be significantly better than were today and with that I would take it over to Jim.
Jim Compton: I think as we mentioned kind of in the comments that the last duty integration put a lot of stress on our employees and our customers. Ill tell you that in that group of employees that a lot of stress was on with our sales force. And our sales force literally was always out there with our corporate partners and travel managers. The difference is the conversation was a little bit different than what we had hoped for. The conversation was about some of the integration issues and so forth. Whats happened with the on-time performance in the fourth quarter, the improvements were seeing now they have really -- the sales force has always been very present with our corporate travel partners and now what they are doing is again talking about the network, the value of the network that it brings to them, what it can do for them in their travel needs. So I guess the point is how did the awareness that things are back. I think the awareness is driven by the fact that they have the sales force is out there communicating, I mentioned a couple of forms we do with advisory boards but really every day they are calling on their customers and letting them know where were are at and how we can help them in their travel needs.
David Fintzen - Barclays: I appreciate that and maybe just a quick one now that the pilot contracts done and you have the scope really on the RJs, and is that something that we should look for reasonably large changes in 14 or is that a smaller component trying to get a sense of what your opportunities does that some of these higher labor cost down the road with similar to what Deltas did.
Jim Compton: The new contract as it relates to regional does present us with a tremendous amount of flexibility to be competitive in the 70 seat market. Really, the first phase of this year quite frankly is with the new agreement is being able to redeploy the current 70 seaters that we have across the system to optimize the network, some of the things we talked about in terms of synergies for the first year. But as youre moving to 2014, then we will be able to kind of take that second phase, but this year will be about using the aircrafts that we have and redeploying, but that contract does create tremendous amount of flexibility for us to be competitive in that space.
Operator: Weve time for one last question from Evercore Partners, we have Duane Pfennigwerth online. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners: Just wondering when you think you will be able to expand margins year-to-year with this first quarter CASM guidance, do you think revenue can be good enough to start that process this quarter?
Jim Compton: I dont want to comment on revenue Duane, I think you know as I alluded to earlier in response to Mike. Were extremely focused on execution we have a plan, were following that plan I think that if we execute on that and we do the things that were capable of and you combine that with the product that were providing, the network that we have, I think that you will begin to see margin expansion clearly. We wanted as badly as our investors, our employees want it and I think that 2013 as I said is an important year for us as were beginning to put all these different items in place to enable us to achieve that.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners: And then just I will ask one follow-up just in terms of your difference between your first quarter CASM guidance and your full year what are the things that sort of drive that moderation other than just more ASMs?
Jim Compton: Youre right, ASM is a significant piece of that but probably two thirds of the cost guidance in the first quarter or the cost increase is related to labor and thats simply the anniversary effect of lapping some of the labor agreements of last year, results were put in the place during the year. So labor is a piece of that, the only other thing that I would call out as significant as we have got a higher than normal volume of engine events in our V2500 engines in the first and second quarter. So I would expect maintenance expense related those items will be up $30 million to $40 million each quarter, but that tells often back half of the year we actually see some improvements.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Josh Freed from the Associated Press. Please go ahead.
Josh Freed - Associated Press: Has either Boeing or the FFA given you any guidance at all on when you can expect to get your 787s flying again?
Jim Compton: No.
Josh Freed - Associated Press: Okay and are you, what are you hearing from your pilots on the subject of the 787, Are they seeking any additional safeguards it might be in addition to whatever the FAA comes up with, is there any push back from them at all on 787?
Jim Compton: Look, Josh, safety is obviously very important than and Im confident that when the regulatory authorities and Boeing working together determine the cause of the battery issues and the [fixed] board that we will implement whatever that fix is under the (inaudible) permit us to fly the aircraft safely again. So there is no distinction between us and our pilots with respect to safety.
Josh Freed - Associated Press: Very, very quickly, can you put any numbers on the head count reduction? I know you gave in terms of percentage can you say any numbers on the number of people you expect to end up cutting?
Jim Compton: Sure it's over 600.
Operator: From Wall Street Journal, we have Doug Cameron online. Please go ahead.
Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal: Just going up on Joshs question, Jeff and you won't be surprised, but as often no one is going to buy the 787 from (inaudible) 100% safety.
Jim Compton: Doug, were having a hard time hearing you from this end.
Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal: I mean this is for Jeff and Jim, obviously the industry is not going to fly the 787 until the industry, (inaudible) 100% confident in safety so, but how do you and other operators start going about convincing the traveling public if thats the case?
Jeff Smisek: Once the NTSP, GTSP together and FA work together to [determine causality] and Boeing fixes it or done because look the aircraft is a terrific aircraft and customers love the airplane and I have no doubt that customers will flock back to that airplane as soon as we get it back up again. But this is a problem that Boeing and the regulatory authorities need to deal with, they should deal with it, we support them, we will give them every bit of assistance that we possibly can because we too want to get the airplane up and flying safely and Im confident that will occur. I dont know when that will occur but we will learn more with time.
Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal: What gives you that confidence though?
Jeff Smisek: Well in terms that they will find a fix, I mean in history.
Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal: No, the confidence that customers will flock back.
Jeff Smisek: Look it's a terrific airplane, I mean ask anybody who has flown that airplane its spectacular and once this particular issue is solved it's solved and it's just a matter of whatever time it takes to solve it.
Sarah Murphy: With that were out of time. Well conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Investor Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer  John D. Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co. John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Continental Holdings' Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2012. My name is Brandon and I'll be the conference facilitator for today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasury, Gerry Laderman. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review capacity and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our cost structure, balance sheet and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate if each of you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the table at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you all for joining us in our third quarter 2012 earnings call. Today, we reported net income of $520 million for the third quarter or $1.35 per diluted share, delivering a pre-tax margin of 5.3%. We achieved this result despite operational challenges and high jet fuel prices, and I want to thank my coworkers for working together to generate more than $0.5 billion of profit during one of the toughest quarters of our integration. I know it wasn't easy, but our recovery from a very tough summer exemplifies what makes United great: Our team working together to make our airline better for our customers. This quarter, we focused on improving our operational performance and investing in our fleet, our products and the tools our coworkers use to do their jobs. While we didn't do a good job with our operations during June and July, we took substantial steps during the quarter to improve our performance. On our second quarter earnings call, I told you that we were going to return to running a reliable airline by adjusting our airport staffing levels, returning to our historical standard for spare aircraft, increasing the number of maintenance hours and touch points for our aircraft and rolling out the first release of our new, faster and easier to use interface for SHARES, our passenger service system. We did all that and we are now running a reliable airline again. In September, our domestic on-time arrival rate was 82%, exceeding our goal of 80% and triggering an on-time bonus for our coworkers. Between July and September, our mishandled baggage rate declined by more than 30% and our mainline completion factor improved by 1.5 points to 99.4%. In addition to improving operational statistics, our customer satisfaction scores have increased significantly since our operational difficulties this summer. We made substantial progress with our integration during the third quarter and continue on the right path today. However, we recognize that some of our customers chose to fly other airlines during the summer when our operational performance degraded. Just like when your preferred road to work undergoes construction, you might choose to take a detour until the road gets repaired. Well, the road is repaired. And with our operations back on track, our unmatched global network and our industry-leading product offering, we expect to earn back those customers who took a detour and we expect to attract new customers as well. I am confident that we are building the world's leading airline, the airline customers want to fly, investors want to invest in and coworkers want to work for. One of our highlights this quarter was taking delivery of our first Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the first of 5 we expect to receive by the end of this year. We couldn't be more excited about the benefits this aircraft will bring to our customers and the airline. The Dreamliner offers fuel efficiency, noise reduction and a terrific onboard customer and coworker experience. We're in the process of completing our FAA proving grounds and certification work and are pleased with the Dreamliner's early operating performance. We will fly our first revenue flight on November 4 from our Houston hub to our Chicago hub. In December, we'll begin flying our first 787s internationally on temporary routes, and in January, we'll place the aircraft on their first permanent routes, Los Angeles to Narita, and Houston to Lagos. We continued investing in our onboard product this quarter. We recently completed installation of global satellite-based Wi-Fi on our first aircraft. We're undergoing final quality and acceptance testing and expect the aircraft will be up and flying with Wi-Fi in November. Our new Wi-fi won't be like the prior generation Wi-Fi that you find on our U.S. competitor's aircraft. Our Wi-Fi is modern, global and satellite based, and as a result, will offer speeds consistently faster than what's available in the market today. Because it is satellite based, our customers will be able to stay in touch virtually wherever they fly us around the globe, a key differentiator between us and our competitors. In addition to investing in Wi-Fi with better technology than that of our peers, we're taking a different commercial approach to Wi-Fi as well. We own the hardware, purchase the bandwidth and importantly, own and control the portal that customers use to access the Internet in-flight. Ownership and control will allow us to develop a comprehensive and dynamic pricing model for Wi-Fi and onboard streaming video, grant complimentary access to sites of our choosing and establish a wide array of commercial agreements, increasing the long-term opportunities for and value of onboard Wi-Fi to United. Since our mainline fleet is so large with about 700 aircraft, it will take us some time to install this industry-leading Wi-Fi product across our entire fleet, but we anticipate completing about 300 aircraft by the end of 2013. We continue to invest in products that our customers value and are willing to pay for, including Economy Plus seating and international premium cabin flatbed seats. United has a history of leadership when it comes to innovative seating products. As of today, we've installed Economy Plus seating on 90% of our mainline fleet and we expect to complete our Economy Plus installation in early 2013. We've installed more than 6,200 premium cabin flatbed seats on our international fleet. And by February of next year, every aircraft flying over the Atlantic will have flatbed seats in the premium cabin. Moreover, our entire long-haul international fleet worldwide will have flatbed seats next spring. We are committed to investing in our coworkers and providing them the tools to give good customer service. As I mentioned earlier, we've recently launched a new interface for our SHARES system with 2 powerful and intuitive apps for our coworkers to use, one for checking in customers and their bags and one for managing departures at the gate. We have a number of additional releases and development. And by next year, we expect to have a fully integrated user interface for our lobby and gate agents that is fast, intuitive, modern and easy to learn and use. This quarter, we reached an agreement in principle for a joint collective bargaining agreement with our pilots and are in the process of finalizing the tentative agreement. This will be our first joint collective bargaining agreement and we're eager to make similar progress with our other work groups. We are currently in expedited negotiations for joint collective bargaining agreements with the IAM, which represents our airport employees, reservation agents and stores employees, and with the Teamsters, who represent our maintenance technicians. We've also begun the joint collective bargaining process with the AFA, which represents our flight attendants. We want to bring our work groups together and pay our people competitively, while increasing our ability to respond to market conditions to ensure United can achieve long-term success, regardless of the economic environment. We are making these and other investments in our fleet, our technology, our products and our people to provide a better customer experience on United and a better workplace for our coworkers, as we focus on generating sustained and sufficient profitability. This quarter, we announced a target of earning a 10% return on invested capital over the business cycle. While there may be periods during the cycle where we won't hit our target, the entire management team is committed to achieving this goal, and we're embedding return on invested capital in all of our important business decisions. While our merger creates the platform for United to generate economic value over the business cycle, we recognize that our future lies beyond the merger. We have many projects in the works that will improve our customer service, add revenue, enhance efficiency, reduce costs and provide the returns our investors expect. During the third quarter, we made progress in building the foundation for our future. Although we are focused on achieving much more, we earned a respectable profit despite high fuel prices and complex integration challenges. We had a tough summer. But we're back on track operationally and are again providing the reliable service our customers expect of us and that we want to deliver. We have more work to do to secure United's leadership position and achieve our long-term financial goals, but I'm certain that my coworkers are up to the challenge. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I join Jeff in thanking our coworkers for their hard work during a challenging quarter and also want to thank our customers for choosing to fly United. We continued our commitment to capacity discipline in the third quarter as we reduce consolidated capacity 1.4% year-over-year. Maintaining capacity discipline is core to achieving our goal of generating sustained and sufficient profitability, especially in an environment of sluggish economic growth and elevated jet fuel prices. And we will continue to be very disciplined in our capacity deployment. United's third quarter consolidated passenger unit revenue decreased 1.3%, and mainline PRASM decreased 2% versus the same period in 2011. Consolidated yields were weaker year-over-year, down 1.2%. We recognize that while the industry as a whole faces largely the same global economic challenges, some of our recent relative year-over-year PRASM underperformance is related to issues unique to United because of our merger integration. Over the past 2 quarters, we converted major IT systems used by both our customers and our coworkers, and redeployed aircraft across our global network. These changes affected our customers, put a great deal of stress on our operation and our people, and our operational and financial performance suffered as a result. As Jeff outlined, we are back on track with our operational results and much improved customer satisfaction scores. We expect to continue to run a reliable airline while offering our customers the products and services they want and are willing to pay for. As for our revenue results, we are not satisfied with our relative year-over-year PRASM performance, and we are working hard to return to our industry leadership position. Third quarter domestic mainline PRASM decreased 4.2%, and yields decreased 2.6% versus last year. Domestic mainline capacity decreased 1.7% year-over-year. Regional PRASM increased 1.6% while regional capacity decreased 1.1% versus the third quarter of 2011. Third quarter international unit revenue was flat versus the same period in 2011, and yields decreased a modest 0.7% year-over-year. International capacity decreased 1.1% versus the third quarter of 2011. The Pacific was United's best-performing region in the third quarter, with unit revenue up 9.9% and yields up 7.2% versus the same period in 2011. Pacific capacity increased 1% year-over-year. China was the top-performing Pacific country with approximately 11% PRASM growth and 8% yield growth versus the third quarter of 2011. Japan continued to perform very well in the third quarter as PRASM and yield increased 6% and 5%, respectively, on capacity growth of 8% year-over-year. We are excited to start flying our Dreamliners across the Pacific beginning in the first quarter of next year, with Los Angeles to Narita and Los Angeles to Shanghai followed by Denver to Narita. Our trans-Pacific network is unmatched with more nonstop routes between the U.S. and Asia than any other carrier in the world. Third quarter trans-Atlantic PRASM decreased 4.5% and yields decreased 3.7% year-over-year. We reduced our trans-Atlantic capacity during the third quarter by 3.7% year-over-year. We've been affected by the economic challenges in Europe, and the majority of our previously announced fourth quarter capacity reduction is to our European service. One of the most important benefits of our merger is our ability to reduce capacity in weaker markets like the Atlantic and take advantage of stronger markets like the Pacific, as economic conditions change around the world. Latin America again faced very challenging year-over-year comparisons this quarter. Last year, Latin America PRASM and yields increased more than 20% versus the third quarter of 2010. This year, Latin America third quarter PRASM declined 8.3% and yield declined 9.4% with a capacity increase of 1.6% year-over-year. On a year-over-2-year basis, however, third quarter Latin America PRASM and yield are up approximately 11% and 10%, respectively. Third quarter cargo revenue declined 13% versus the same period last year. The cargo business continues to struggle because of increased industry cargo capacity and the impact of our aircraft redeployment, which changes the amount of cargo space available throughout our network. Our ancillary revenue increased 1% year-over-year this quarter. As we reduced capacity and in turn have fewer employments, our checked bag and change fee revenues decreased. Counterbalancing that effect is other ancillary revenue. Seat upsell revenue, which includes Economy Plus and paid premium cabin upgrades grew more than 25% year-over-year. Economy Plus sales increased 20% this quarter, in part due to having more Economy Plus seats available on our subsidiary, Continental, aircraft and in part from leveraging our ability to dynamically price Economy Plus using SHARES. Third quarter sales of paid premium upgrade, which is our product allowing customers to purchase access to the BusinessFirst or global first cabins, increased about 50% versus 2011. SHARES provides us a much more powerful platform to dynamically price Economy Plus, paid premium upgrade and other ancillary products. We know our customers value more space when they travel, and we're pleased to provide them with the seating options they want and are willing to pay for. Corporate revenue increased modestly this quarter. And I'd like to take a moment to thank our corporate customers for their loyalty. Although some customers flew other carriers during the height of our operational challenge this summer, the vast majority of our global corporate account clients chose to stay with United. They had confidence in us, and we work hard to improve our reliability and deliver for them. Now with our better reliability, our unmatched route network and improving product offering, we are confident that United is the best airline for the global business customer. In September, we expanded our aircraft redeployment effort across our domestic network, particularly at our hubs in Chicago, San Francisco and Washington, and are encouraged by the early results in a number of these markets. We are phasing in redeployment more gradually than we initially planned to ease some of the stress on our operation and now expect substantially to complete our redeployment effort in the first quarter of 2013. Redeploying aircraft not only helps us improve financial performance on individual routes by better matching the right aircraft to demand, it also allows us to initiate new service to a number of destinations that neither subsidiary served prior to the merger. Since the closing of the merger 2 years ago, we've added more than 70 new routes across the globe while reducing consolidated capacity. In part due to the slower than expected redeployment rollout, our revenue synergy realization has been slower than we initially targeted. Now that we restored our operational performance to expected levels, we're confident that revenue synergies will accelerate in 2013. And we remain confident that we will achieve the full $800 million to $900 million of run rate annual revenue synergies we identified at the beginning of our merger. Based on the latest GDP revisions and global economic conditions, we expect some softening of the economy during the remainder of 2012. And the strength of any recovery in 2013 remains unclear. As a result of this uncertainty, last month, we announced a reduction to our expected remaining 2012 consolidated capacity. We now expect fourth quarter 2012 consolidated capacity to decrease between 2.2% and 3.2%, and our full year consolidated capacity to decrease between 1% and 1.2% year-over-year. In September, we also announced a reduction to our 2013 capacity plan. We now expect our full year 2013 consolidated capacity to be down about 1%. Appropriately matching supply and demand is critical in achieving our long-term return target of 10% on our invested capital, and we are committed to maintaining capacity discipline to help us achieve our goal. Turning to our near-term revenue outlook. We currently estimate United's October consolidated PRASM will be roughly flat year-over-year. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John D. Rainey: Thank you, Jim. Today, we reported net income of $520 million and a pre-tax margin of 5.3%. I want to thank the entire United team for their effort and contribution to our results this quarter. An integration of our size and complexity takes considerable time and creates a lot of change for our customers and for our coworkers. That said, we are starting to see many improvements from our merger: a new narrowbody aircraft order, service to new markets, industry-leading Wi-Fi and a new, modern user interface for our SHARES system. During the quarter, I announced United's long-term return on invested capital target of 10% over the business cycle. 10% is the right starting threshold for us, as it's above our cost of capital and is a return level we have not consistently achieved at any point in our history. Our goal to create economic value runs throughout the organization. And while it is a challenging goal, we are focused on achieving it by working together. Since closing our merger 2 years ago, our return on invested capital has been 10.2%. For the 12 months ended September 30, however, our return on invested capital was 9.3%. We are not satisfied with the recent compression of our financial performance and we are taking action to improve it. Moreover, the composition of our shareholders, the owners of our company, has changed over time. Many of our owners today have invested in our stock because they recognize the transformation taking place in this industry and the potential for value creation that exists uniquely at United. They expect us to earn our cost of capital and for us to manage the business accordingly. We are identifying opportunities to improve our cost structure by sourcing services from the best providers, operating more efficiently than we do today, investing in technology that gives our customers more control over their travel experience and resizing our footprint for the airline we are today and will be tomorrow. Third quarter total operating expense increased 0.9% or $79 million year-over-year. Fuel costs increased 1% this quarter and accounted for nearly half of the year-over-year increase in operating expense. Cost control and efficiency are essential to our long-term success, and our third quarter performance reflects our efforts in this area. We are becoming less reliant on manual processes and finding new ways to increase revenue and reduce cost through technology and doing it in a way that provides higher customer satisfaction while making the day-to-day work for employees more gratifying and productive. Third quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 3% versus 2011 on 1.4% less capacity. On a fuel rate and profit-sharing neutral basis, third quarter consolidated unit cost increased 2.5% year-over-year. The impact of cost synergies can be seen in our CASM performance this quarter. Some examples include facility consolidation and harmonization of engine and component maintenance programs. While we have captured cost synergies faster than we originally expected, we do anticipate a number of headwinds, including the cost of joint collective bargaining agreements that will put some pressure on our unit cost next year. We effectively managed cost this quarter while making prudent investments in our business with an eye for improving our customers' experience. In addition to installing Economy Plus, flatbed seats and satellite Wi-Fi, we are adding larger overhead bins on our Airbus aircraft, improving the food, beverages and amenities in our international premium cabins and building a new United Club and adding jet bridges at Chicago O'Hare's Terminal 2. We will make the right long-term investments for our business that will deliver benefits to our customers, coworkers and the bottom line. We continue to make progress in strengthening our balance sheet in the third quarter, making $487 million of debt and capital lease payments, including $104 million of prepayments. This quarter, we paid off our 2 most expensive pieces of debt totaling $251 million with an average interest rate of over 12%. At the end of the third quarter, our net debt totaled $12.5 billion or $16.7 billion, including our pension liability. Our unencumbered asset base at the end of the third quarter was approximately $2.7 billion. In September, we issued a EETC with $844 million of proceeds. This transaction will finance 21 aircraft in total: 3 787 Dreamliners and 18 737-900ERs, which will be delivered between this November and July of next year. The A tranche of this EETC priced at a 4% fixed coupon and the B tranche priced at 5.5%, resulting in a blended coupon of 4.16%, the lowest rate in history for an issuance of this kind. While we are focused on reducing our net debt balance, financing aircraft through capital markets remains a prudent and cost effective use of debt. We ended the third quarter with $7.2 billion in unrestricted liquidity, including an undrawn credit facility of $500 million. In the 2 years since closing the merger, we have strengthened our balance sheet considerably, making $4.6 billion of debt and capital lease payments, maintaining a strong liquidity position, including the addition of a revolving credit facility and increasing our unencumbered asset base by $1.7 billion. We still have a significant amount of debt maturities and capital lease obligations over the next few years. And while we would like to pay off all the instruments as they come due without refinancing, we will make the right decisions for the business based upon the economic environment at that time. Gross capital expenditures were $412 million in the third quarter, and net capital expenditures were $222 million. We are reducing our fourth quarter capital spending from previous expectations and now project full year gross capital expenditures to be $2.25 billion or $1.15 billion net of expected financing. During the third quarter, we took delivery of 3 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft and the first of our 787 Dreamliners. We removed 3 Boeing 737 Classics and 1 Boeing 757 from service during the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect to take delivery of 4 more Dreamliners and 6 Boeing 737-900ERs. We expect to end the year with 3 fewer mainline aircraft than we started with the total of 698 aircraft. We expect our full year 2012 consolidated unit cost, excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, to increase 2.7% to 2.9% year-over-year. Notably, we have modestly lowered our full year cost guidance, even while twice reducing our expected 2012 consolidated capacity. We expect our fourth quarter 2012 consolidated unit cost, again excluding fuel, profit sharing and third-party business expense, to be up 3.5% to 4.5% year-over-year. Our third-party business expense was approximately $55 million in the third quarter and is projected to be $250 million for the full year. In closing, we made over $0.5 billion of profit in the third quarter with good cost control and a stronger balance sheet, yet our performance fell short of our expectations. We've laid much of the -- we've laid much of the foundation for our future to recognize that we still have a significant amount of work ahead to realize our potential. United has the very best assets in the business, the best network for customers, a strong pipeline of new products and services, efficient aircraft and professional employees dedicated to our customers, from which we will build the world's leading airline that creates economic value over the business cycle. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. Our merger has resulted in a lot of change for our customers and our coworkers, and I know that the road has been a tough one. However, we are laying the foundation for the world's leading airline. Many of the investments we've been talking about will become visible to our customers and our coworkers in 2013, and we are very excited about delivering the airline our customers want to fly, our investors want to invest in and our coworkers want to work for. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we'll take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brendan, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question for Jeff or, I don't know, maybe Mike Bonds, if he's there. It does appear that you're making substantial progress on a pilot contract. Most of the language coming out of the pilots suggest that terms are largely in line with the new Delta deal. But what's unique about the Delta contract is that there are some Delta-specific offsets to what otherwise appears to be an expensive contract, a decline in 50 seaters, subleasing the 717s, more large RJs and so forth. So I'm not asking you to comment on where your wage rates ultimately settle out. I can make my own assumptions. But can you give us some color as to potential United offsets that might benefit you? I mean, you're not looking for 717s. You already have a lot of RJs. What can you pick up to potentially offset a several hundred million dollar dyssynergy?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hey, Jamie, this is Jeff. Listen, we're subject to a gag order from the NMB, so I can't comment on it. I think that the terms of the contract will be, in their entirety, will be coming out relatively soon. I will tell you, though, that we believe this is a very competitive contract for us.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, competitive in what sense? I mean, the NMB doesn't gag you, Jeff, with all due respect, from throwing out a wish list of items that you would like to have.
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, I'm not -- Jamie, I'm just not going to go there. We're not -- I'm not -- there's no reason for us to get on the wrong side of NMB right now, and we're not going to do that.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so it comes down to trust us. All right, I'll try to live with that.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg online.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, I want to go back to the CapEx number. You talked about that number coming down. What was that number previously? And I do see in the fourth quarter, it does look like that -- some of the net purchase deposits, it looks like they're either being refunded. Is that -- what's that tied to? Have you pushed back some aircraft deliveries? Can you just -- can you run through that?
John D. Rainey: You're right. And we did have a swing in purchase deposits in the third quarter. We had almost $200 million there. That's just tied to the timing of aircraft deliveries. In total, I would say that we recognize in advance that this year was a bit of a bow wave with respect to capital spending for us. You'll see some of that bleed into next year. But we certainly want to get back to a more normalized level of capital spending over time.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, good. And then just my second question. I did see that it looks like in the fourth schedule, you're adding some service to some -- it looks like additional service to Heathrow, at least I think it's incremental out of Dulles and Houston, or maybe it's reallocating some other flights. If it is incremental, are those -- are the slots for that -- are those slots -- have you purchased those slots like you have in the past? Or are those slots being leased, if it is incremental?
James E. Compton: Mike, in terms of -- in Heathrow, it would -- what -- I guess I'm trying to zero in on what period you're thinking about or are looking at.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think it's in the spring, where you're adding another flight from Houston to Heathrow and another flight from Dulles to Heathrow.
James E. Compton: Yes, so the -- what we have in there incrementally is a third trip on Houston to Heathrow at that time period as we put 3 767s into the market.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Is that an incremental slot? I guess -- because in the past, you purchased slots, and slots typically come...
James E. Compton: Yes, it's an incremental slot that we've been able to hold on to.
Operator: From Dahlman Rose, we have Helane Becker online.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of points of clarification with respect to -- I think you said on the pilot that you were in negotiations or finalizing language. Do you have a timetable of when that's done?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Helane, this is Jeff. Yes, we're finishing up the wording on the tentative agreement, and we anticipate that the tentative agreement to be out quite soon.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on average fare for the mainline. It's kind of like flattish year-on-year. I mean, are you seeing evidence that you can push that higher looking out to fourth quarter and next year?
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane, this is Jim. Obviously, we can't comment on future pricing. Although last week, we did increase domestic fares $2, $3, $5 one way that, ultimately, at the end of the week, the industry matched. So we're always looking at the demand capacity and how that's -- and then pricing relative to kind of that demand capacity level in terms of where it sits.
Operator: From Wolfe Trahan, we have Hunter Keay online.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A couple of questions for John, I believe. John, I appreciate the commentary about your shareholder base. I think that's right in terms of the people sort of waiting around for this transformation. So as your ROIC has started to lag little bit your target, why not give some thought to giving them some money to stick around? And by that, I mean, I understand the value of deleveraging the balance sheet. But if you look at just from an academic perspective, the fact that your cost of debt is about 1/3 of your earnings yield and you have a lot of cash in your balance sheet to play with, why not think about maybe initiating a buyback with, say, 100 -- I mean, $1 billion or so? Because of the simple math that exists between rewarding equity holders and the accretion that should basically impact your EPS from the earnings yield versus the cost of debt, which is now, again, at this point, about 3x higher. Or is it more just let's get the balance sheet in order first before even thinking about returning cash to equity holders?
John D. Rainey: Well, Hunter, I think that, first of all, it is something that we think about. We need to get to a point in this business where we are directly returning cash to shareholders. I don't think we're there yet. If you look at the progress that we've made over the last 3 to 4 years, reducing our net debt balance, it's decreased by almost $4 billion. But as pure financial theory would suggest, our equity values probably should've gone up as well and they haven't, haven't for us and they haven't for the industry. And so that suggests that there's still some instability, at least the market believes that, in our capital structure today. So I think, in terms of prioritization, we need to continue to improve our balance sheet. We need to get rid of a lot of the debt that is the chain around our neck, that it's non-aircraft debt. And we've got a significant opportunity at United. We've got about $3.5 billion of debt maturities over the next few years that have nothing to do with financing aircraft. I think as we begin to improve and strengthen our balance sheet, and then I think you should see earnings multiples improve in this business. We would have hoped we would have already seen it because we think we made significant progress. But once we take care of those things, I then think that you can have a more serious discussion about a share buyback or beginning to distribute a dividend.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. All right. And on fuel, without advocating for a policy, you look at US Airways and they're going to pay the cheapest for jet fuel per gallon, again, for anybody. I think that's like 4 over the last 8 quarters. At what point do you think that stops becoming a fluke? And at what point do you think that, that is a legitimate trend that has a merit, that's something worth considering? I mean, is there going to be a saying like, "Okay, we need to look at -- we need to make sure this happens for 3 years, or we need to make sure this happens for 10 years." I mean, at what point does it stop becoming a fluke, if it continues to happen?
John D. Rainey: Well, first of all, let me say I agree with the underlying premise of your question. It would be great if we could get to a point, as an industry, where we could better pass along our cost inputs, particularly fuel being the single largest expense that we have. We're unlike some of the other industries that people are quick to compare us to in terms of rail and freight, in terms of how far out we sell tickets. And we're exposed to that fuel price volatility. I think hedging is one of those things where it's -- there's perfect visibility in hindsight. We had over $500 million of hedge gains last year. I think, if you're comparing to U.S. Airways, a couple of things I'd point out. One is that there are geographic differences with respect to where we buy fuel. We have 50% of our capacity that's international. We buy a lot of fuel on New York Harbor and on the LA, which is much more expensive than Gulf Coast jets. So on just a pure unhedged basis, we're always going to have a bit of a premium to them, but we would think that we would also get a revenue premium by serving those markets. But in terms of what we're doing from a hedging perspective, we are thoughtful about this, and we recognize that, historically, we spent a couple of hundred million dollars a year in hedge premiums. And given what's happened to fuel more recently, we try to achieve the same amount of risk management but by spending less premium, and that's why you've seen our hedge policy or our actual instruments change a little bit over the last few years. But I think it's important for us to continue to protect against some of the short-term volatility. So absent the ability to pass along our fuel surcharge in the very immediate term, we're going to continue to hedge.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn online.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, as we look forward, I think one of the things that's sort of unique about United is how easy your comp is in December. Is the right framework to be thinking about the world and sort of holding macro constant and so on and so forth? Is the right framework here that as we lap that comp, there's going to be sort of a natural mathematical significant reacceleration in PRASM? Or are there some sort of noneconomic puts and takes that I should be thinking about in December?
James E. Compton: Hey, John, this is Jim. You're right. As we -- if you went back to the -- our first quarter earnings call, we talked about some of the issues that we faced in the first quarter and also in December, for instance, as we integrated 2 revenue management systems and we talked about some yield degradation in the month of December. So that, to your point, is clearly out there on a year-over-year basis. I would tell you that those systems have matured now, now that one source of data versus 2 systems beating the demand forecast and so forth. So that has matured and that is operating at a much higher level than what we were talking about in the first quarter. In terms of getting down to other specifically outperform -- I'm reluctant to talk about that. We recognize that we're not satisfied with our revenue performance in the third quarter, that we had dyssynergies. And quite frankly, we know that we're working really hard to get those synergies back. And so there's the timing. We're obviously very confident that we will, but that timing -- so it just makes it hard for me to comment on saying a specific timeline we would begin to outperform. But clearly, the things that you talked -- that you mentioned and I just talked about happened in December and the first quarter.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And John, if I could ask a question about cash flow in 2013. In 2012, you had a number of sort of onetime items that were cash hits that kind of depressed the cash flow profile integration, some of this stuff recently announced with labor. As you look into 2013, it seems like some of these should roll off very naturally and create a pretty big tailwind for cash flow. Outside of the PBGC issue, am I on the right track? Or are there things in 2013 I should be on a lookout for?
John D. Rainey: I think you're absolutely on the right track. If you look at our initial guidance with respect to the onetime integration expenses, we've realized a lot of those already, and I think you would expect to see those wind down appreciably next year. That said, we still have to achieve some labor agreements and there are a few other blips out there. You mentioned the PBGC. No, but that's noncash. So I think in a directional sense year-over-year, definitely, you would see a stronger cash flow next year as it relates to some of the onetime items.
Operator: From Barclays, we have David Fintzen online.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have a question for Jim. And I know there's obviously a lot of noise in the data in terms of your on-time performance and some of the systems integration. But I'm curious, as you're starting to put in some of these aircraft -- some of the moving aircraft around is sort of hitting the results, just curious, how do you think about the sort of spool of those benefits? I mean, is there -- is it pretty front-end loaded when you make these network changes? Or is there a time lag we should be thinking about to sort of get some history into the revenue management systems and really optimize the outcomes?
James E. Compton: I think the -- it depends on the case that we're talking about. Clearly, if you redeploy and you're putting capacity that's greater than what was in that market before, there's a little bit of a new market spool-up that is applied to that. So there is a timing issue to that. And it's different by every market, David. So it would be hard to kind of talk about it at that one point. On the other hand, obviously, we redeploy aircraft where the demand is not as great and we get the smaller aircraft on that route and the returns are immediate. So it's a little bit mix of both. I think, as I mentioned in my comments, we started to do a nice step-up in redeployment in the month of September. And at the same time, ran an 80% on time with the great work by the operations team in reliability. And so as we kind of -- although we've slowed down that pace of redeployment, as we continue to finish that up in the first quarter of 2013, we do expect those benefits would accelerate in 2013 under redeployment as we've now got the reliability back on track.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the redeployment side, if memory serves, it was -- it started more domestically oriented and that was going to shift more international into next year, is what I recall. I'm just curious, I would presume some of the international would be slowed down as well.
James E. Compton: Yes, that's somewhat although we've been doing both, quite frankly. Houston-Lima is a very early redeployment aircraft. New York to Buenos Aires -- we moved aircraft out of Dulles. And so -- but you're right. And then also, there's been a lot of domestic redeployments with the 737-900s and next-gen airplanes moving to the West Coast and getting on some longer haul markets. So it's a little bit mixed bag of both, but there will be more of both as we kind of accelerate in 2013.
Operator: From Buckingham Research, we have Dan McKenzie online.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: On the corporate travel book away that resulted from the operational difficulty, how much of that impact PRASM exactly in the third quarter? Or if you don't have that, how much are we really talking about? And I was getting pulled away from the call, so I apologize if you already gave that to us.
James E. Compton: We haven't put a dollar figure on that. Clearly, internally, we know where we expect to be from a revenue performance point of view. And so really, quite frankly, right now, is our sales force throughout the process and currently is working with our corporate partners, our business travelers to, one, talk about the value of the network in light of the new reliability and so forth. So there's a lot of moving pieces as we move to December. So it would be hard to put a specific number on exactly what that is. But clearly, it was a negative number for us in the third quarter.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And material, I guess, maybe that's the point. The fact that you're talking about it is...
James E. Compton: Yes.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Suggests that it's a pretty big number, at least, right?
James E. Compton: It was a significant number.
Daniel McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, fair enough. So I know you're not ready to comment a whole lot on 2013 capacity, but I am seeing seats for the first quarter down significantly more, down -- have been down the 1% that you folks are guiding to for the year. And I'm just wondering, since the data is public, I'm wondering if you can help us understand how first quarter capacity ties to the full year outlook and also just a little bit about the thought process behind that.
James E. Compton: Hey, Dan, as we've guided, the full year 2013, we're guiding toward 1% decline in capacity. As we move through the fourth quarter and into December, we'll give a lot more firmer guidance on that first quarter capacity. But at this point, we're guiding towards 1% decline and that's kind of where we're at for the full year and 2013 right now.
Operator: We have time for one last question and it comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore Partners.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Question on the operational improvement since July. How do you measure the underlying trend adjusted for changes in utilization? It seems like we've been in a less demanding utilization period here in September, October. So how do we think about the underlying trend as you prepare for a seasonally stronger period late this quarter?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Duane, this is Jeff. No, that's fair. I mean, it's -- it also depends on lots of sort of random events, as well as weather. But we're very focused on making sure that we can maintain our operational reliability during periods of more stress, holiday periods, certainly going into next summer as well. We continue to take actions to make sure that we are prepared for that and that we're prepared to continue to deliver on reliability.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I could just ask a follow-up with respect to systems. I assume no airline is ever truly done with systems upgrades, but in terms of high-profile IT integration projects, what is left to be done? And can you give us a sense of timing?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure. We have a very big project that will come up in terms of integrating our aircraft maintenance systems. We're going to do that over -- on a fleet-by-fleet basis over a considerable period of time. It's a monumental project, and it's a multiyear project. We also have to integrate our HR systems as well and we have other systems that, as you said, they just continue on and on. So we'll continue to have it. None of those systems, however, has the high profile of our passenger service system, our SHARES system, which powers not only everything that the customer does, but our website and our loyalty program as well, which is a massive system, nor does any of those require the level of retraining that the SHARES system did. So my judgment, we're over the really tough hurdle of IT, but there's a considerable amount of IT. And I will tell you that putting the 2 maintenance systems together is going to take a considerable period of time, and it is a monumental task. But that can be staged on a fleet-by-fleet basis over a considerable period of time, that's a multiyear project.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Carey from Wall Street Journal.
Susan Carey: I'm not sure who might want to answer this question. Just wondering if you guys can walk me through the $454 million special item relating to the pilots' tentative. I'm just trying to understand what that is. Is that just like a date of signing lump sum payments? Because you're mentioning $250 million in late this year or in early '13 as a starter. So I'm just trying to understand what exactly this is.
John D. Rainey: Susan, this is John Rainey. As Jeff mentioned, we have a gag order imposed on us by the NMB, so I can't speak with a lot of specificity to this. What I can tell you is that it's, I would say, common in agreements like this to have an upfront payment. Some of that is contingent upon certain hurdles that will be achieved after the contract is signed. And we would expect the cash flows actually come towards year end and into next year.
Susan Carey: Depending on hurdles achieved by the company or by the pilots?
John D. Rainey: By the pilots, just in terms of getting the contract done and integrating.
Susan Carey: Okay. And can I just ask then, are we going to be seeing accruals for other unions in subsequent quarters?
John D. Rainey: To the extent that we think we're going to have a labor agreement, that will be -- and there's a cost, upfront cost to that, that will be built into our forward-looking guidance. But I will say, Susan, that this is a significant step forward for us. The pilots are a very visible group and they're a very important part of our airline. This is a group that's gone some period of time without getting a pay increase, and I think paying our labor groups competitively is important to our philosophy as a company. And we're actually pretty excited about the significant step forward.
Operator: And our last question comes from Josh Freed from the Associated Press.
Josh Freed: Can you say anything more about what your plans are for getting back travelers after the hiccups this summer? I mean, do you have sort of specific, targeted, I don't know, promotional-type things that you're planning to do? Or is it more sort of cross your fingers and hope that they're expected back by the things that you're obviously hoping to make here [ph] and attract? Or do you have something that's really specific that you can call out, that you're hoping will sort of get you back on the good side?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Josh, I'll let Jim join in a minute. But I will tell you, no, it's not cross your fingers. We're being very active. We're making -- all of our sales people are deployed and making sure that our customers understand that our reliability is back. We're making sure they understand the product investments were making because we've been talking about product investments, but these product investments take time to put on all these aircraft and a lot of our customers will see that for the first time in 2013. And they'll notice significant improvements in our product offerings. We're doing all we can to get our customers back. We're having -- we've got dinners around the system with our global services customers. I mean, we're being very active to make sure our customers understand that United is back. We're back on track. We continue to invest, and we're the airline for them to fly. And I'll ask Jim to add anything he'd like to add.
James E. Compton: Josh, the only thing I would add to Jeff is that, one, obviously, we don't -- it's not about hope, as Jeff mentioned, it's about what we -- the network is actually the one sustainable differentiator we have versus our competitors because it is the best network. And so as Jeff mentioned, it's about communicating to our customers, both our high-level customers, our corporate customers, all those things are going on right now. But at the bottom of it is it's back to talking about the great value that this network brings to our customers, and that's the differentiator for us. That's sustainable. It can't be replicated and that's why we're very excited about where we're headed.
Josh Freed: Okay. I mean, did you end up having to offer any concessions on corporate pricing as a result of the trouble over the summer?
James E. Compton: We won't -- we don't comment on pricing, but the conversation's about the great value of the network.
Operator: We do have time for one more question from The Street, we have Ted Reed online.
Ted Reed: So I just want to clarify, the PRASM declines in every region are because massive numbers of passengers booked away to another airline because of the reliability, and now the reliability is back.
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. That was one component of our RASM decline. There's yield pressures. There's competitive pressures. There's pricing pressure from competitors, all the standard things that are out there that can drive -- there's economic slowdown. There's high comps from last year. But clearly, what we want to do is focus on that piece of it that we consider revenue dyssynergy and work our way back. But there's a number of pieces that drive into what our performance would be year-over-year.
Ted Reed: Can I ask this? Do you think that the migration of passengers was so great that it benefited other carriers' RASM noticeably?
James E. Compton: I mean, I don't -- Ted, it would be hard for me to -- obviously, I don't see the other carriers' data and so forth. So what we're focused on is getting back to our leadership position in terms of RASM performance, and that's what we're really focused on right now.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay, we're out of time. So we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Sarah Murphy Jeffery A. Smisek - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President John Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter D. McDonald - Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co. John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of 2012. My name is Brandon and I will be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Sarah Murphy. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rainey; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Pete McDonald; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which, Jim will review capacity and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our cost structure, balance sheet and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we'll open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah Murphy, our new Head of Investor Relations.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning. we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Sarah, and thank you all for joining us on our second quarter 2012 earnings call. Today, we reported net income of $545 million for the second quarter or $1.41 per diluted share, delivering a pre-tax margin of 5.5%. Based on our year-to-date profit, we've accrued $54 million in profit-sharing for our coworkers so far this year. This is our first full quarter operating as a single airline, following our conversion to a single passenger service system. Now, all of our customers can purchase tickets through a single website, united.com, experience a single check-in process through our mobile app, website or at the airport, and earn miles in a single loyalty program, MileagePlus. The shares conversion was successful, but following the cutover, we faced a number of issues. As we identify these conversion-related issue, our top priority was to improve the customer and coworker experience by determining the cause and quickly deploying teams to fix the problem. We made significant progress on these issues during the second quarter, and customers calling our reservations line now experience normal wait and handle times, MileagePlus miles for United flights now post within 48 hours of travel, and complementary upgrades for our premier members now clear in a timely manner. I'd like to thank my coworkers for working together to promptly resolve the conversion-related issues and for their commitment to taking care of customers during a challenging time. Although working with a new system and implementing new processes are not easy, we're excited to begin using the share system because of the power and flexibility it provides. We plan a number of improvements, including an enhanced front-end interface for our airport and contact center agents. This new tool will make fulfilling customer requests and making changes easier and faster for our coworkers. We rolled out a test of the first of several planed releases for our airport agent interface 2 weeks ago, improving the speed and ease of handling premium cabin up-sells, same-day upgrades and standby requests. Our next major release occurs in October, which includes a new user-friendly design and experience, easier elite recognition, automatic calculation of service charges and better flight amenity details. In 2013, we will implement a comprehensive new front-end interface for our airport and reservations agents, which will enable us to deliver a higher level of service than we've ever been able to offer in the past. Although our financial results this quarter are solid, our operational performance didn't meet our goal of providing the reliability that our customers expect. During the quarter, our performance declined on metrics such as on-time arrival, mishandled bag rates and cancellations. We recognize that we added new stress to the system by simultaneously converting to a single passenger service system, implementing hundreds of new processes and procedures, rerouting aircraft across our network and harmonizing our maintenance programs. Those changes were in large part responsible for the degradation in our operational performance. Pete MacDonald, our Chief Operations Officer, is leading an aggressive effort to address these issues. In mid-May, we launched our first wave of domestic aircraft redeployment, and we're pleased with the early results on these routes. However, our redeployment strategy brings some complexity to our operations for a period of time, since redeploying aircraft introduces a new aircraft type to a new market or hub. For instance, using Airbus aircraft in Houston or Boeing 737s in Chicago. Additionally, that complexity is amplified during irregular operations caused by weather or mechanical issues, and during peak travel times like the summer. To help our airports and manned maintenance stations during this period of change, we're increasing staffing levels to the remainder of the year. At our United subsidiary, we had reduced the number of spare aircraft in the system, as we introduced more preventative maintenance visits and aligned the maintenance programs of our 2 subsidiary fleets. We are, however, reversing our spare reduction decision based on the recent increase in long flight delays and cancellations on our United subsidiary fleet. We are returning to our historical level of spares at our United subsidiary, and are increasing our line maintenance touch points and hours, which we expect will quickly improve our schedule reliability. Once we are past this period of change, we believe that we'll be able to return to a more efficient spares complement. Although we faced challenges this quarter, we laid the groundwork for United's future. I know we caused some customer disservice because of all the changes we've made so quickly, and I apologize for that. We hold ourselves to a higher customer service and reliability standard than we've delivered for our customers lately, and we will return to the level of service and reliability our customers expect. Looking beyond that, we're investing across the enterprise to improve the product and services we offer our customers. This will help us reach our goal of achieving sufficient and sustained profitability and generating returns in excess of our cost of capital across the business cycle. We continue investing in products that our customers value and are willing to pay for, and are aligning our onboard offerings across subsidiaries and fleet types. To date, we've installed Economy Plus seating on 86% of our mainline fleet and plan to finish outfitting our entire mainline fleet with Economy Plus by January 2013. Our Premium Cabin flat-bed seats are now installed on 87% of our international fleet, including our first reconfigured and retrofitted International 767-300ER. We'll complete installation of flat-bed seats on our entire international fleet by the end of the first quarter of 2013. We improved our premium international in-flight dining experience with enhanced gourmet meals and course-by-course meal service in Global First and BusinessFirst. We began installing global satellite-based Wi-Fi in August, introducing the product first on Airbus A319 aircraft, followed by the Boeing 747 and 737-900ERs. Given the size of our fleet, the installation process across our entire mainline fleet will take about 3 years. United is committed to investing in a modern, customer-pleasing and fuel-efficient fleet. And 2 weeks ago, we announced a new narrow-body aircraft order for 100 Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft and 50 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft. These planes offer a significant improvement in customer experience, fuel efficiency, environmental responsibility and operating cost compared to the aircraft they're replacing. We are replacing our older, less fuel-efficient aircraft types, such as the Boeing 757-200s, which currently fly domestically. Together with our existing orders, our new narrow-body order ensures that in the coming years, United will have a highly efficient and flexible fleet that offers customers the amenities they want. We expect to take delivery of our first Boeing 787 Dreamliner in September, flying first between our U.S. hubs before moving to international service. The 787 is a game-changer, with unparalleled fuel efficiency and customer-pleasing amenities, such as large windows and a modern cabin design to reduce the effects of jet lag. It gives us the opportunity to operate more efficiently while offering our customers the best airplane in the skies, and is a powerful competitive advantage as we will be the first North American airline to fly the Dreamliner. We're improving our global network by introducing new service. During the second quarter, we launched new service route from New York to Buenos Aires, from San Francisco to Washington Reagan National, and from Washington Dulles to Manchester and Dublin. We're also investing in our hub airports. At O'Hare's Terminal 2, we're building a new United Club which will triple the size of our existing club and will feature a modern look and feel and we're installing an additional 10 jet bridges at our United Express gates, enhancing our customers' experience while on the ground in Chicago. We continue to innovate our industry-leading Loyalty Program MileagePlus with 90 million members worldwide. We recognize the significant opportunity to create value by building the strongest loyalty currency possible. In addition to offering unmatched opportunities to earn miles, we're committed to offering excellent air and non-air redemption opportunities. United recently earned recognition as the carrier with the most award seat availability among U.S. global airlines. We know how important it is to our members to receive award travel, and we're proud to be the best in the industry. In March, we introduced the United Club card, the latest product in the United MileagePlus Chase Visa portfolio. The United Club card is a premium card offering holders a number of options to access United Club lounges across our industry-leading global network, Premier Access, our priority airport experience, a mileage bonus when using the card, and complementary first and second checked bags. Interest in the new United Club Card is very strong, and we're looking forward to growing our card portfolio and other loyalty opportunities in the coming quarters. We're also investing in our coworkers by getting them the right tools to do their jobs safely and efficiently, and by recognizing them for their great work. In addition to the upcoming user-interface improvements to shares, in May, we open a new Network Operations Center, or NOC, in downtown Chicago. The NOC is the nerve center for our airline, where we do aircraft routing, load planning, crew scheduling and weather forecasting. United's NOC is a world-class operations center, with the best technology and tools for our coworkers, who manage our round-the-clock global operation. We're also improving coworkers' access to health and wellness professionals by building an employee medical clinic at O'Hare. During the second quarter, we introduced our Outperform Recognition Program. The program gives customers the opportunity to recognize an employee for providing outstanding service using our mobile app. Coworkers who are nominated by customers are entered into a drawing to win cash prizes, including a top prize of $50,000. Any MileagePlus member submitting a nomination is also entered into a drawing for prizes such as MileagePlus miles and round-trip tickets on United. We continue making progress in bringing our employee groups together. In June, we reached a tentative agreement with our flight attendants from our Continental subsidiary, and that agreement was ratified 2 weeks ago, 3 months ahead of the contract's amendable date. In addition, last week, we reached a tentative agreement with our Continental Micronesia flight attendants. In the last 9 months, we've achieved ratified agreements with 5 of our work groups, including United and Continental flight attendants, United and Continental Micronesia Mechanics and Continental Ground School Instructors. We continue to make progress in mediated joint negotiations with ALPA, our pilots union. At the request of the National Mediation Board, we won't be giving further details on the status of our pilot negotiations at this time. However, we remain focused on bringing our work groups together as quickly as we can, with responsible joint collective bargaining agreements that pay competitively. We're pleased with the progress we've made this quarter, but our operational performance and financial results are not yet where we want them to be. We will work hard to improve our results, and I'm excited by what we'll deliver for our customers and our coworkers as we work together to build the world's leading airline. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
James E. Compton: Thanks Jeff. I also want to thank our coworkers for their hard work this quarter, and our customers for choosing to fly United. We remain committed to capacity discipline to generate sustained and sufficient profitability. Our second quarter consolidated capacity decreased 0.6% year-over-year. Although the cost of jet fuel came down, we recognize that jet fuel prices are very volatile, and we continue our commitment to capacity discipline. United's second quarter consolidated passenger unit revenue increased 3% and mainline PRASM increased 1.8% versus the second quarter of 2011. Consolidated yields improved 1.8% and consolidated load factor increased 0.9% as compared to the second quarter last year. Second quarter domestic mainline PRASM increased 1.1% and yields increased 1.3% year-over-year. Domestic mainline capacity decreased 0.5% as compared to the second quarter last year. Regional PRASM grew by 8.5% while regional capacity declined 3.0% in the second quarter compared to the same period in 2011. International unit revenue increased 2.6% in the second quarter versus 2011. Second quarter international yields improved 0.7%, while international capacity was roughly flat in the quarter. The Pacific was United's best-performing region in the second quarter, with unit revenue up 6.6%, and yields up 4.9% versus the same period in 2011. Our Pacific PRASM results include proceeds United received from a business interruption claim related to the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami. This out-of-period item increased our second quarter Pacific year-over-year PRASM growth by about 2 percentage points. Japan was once again the top-performing Pacific country, with approximately 15% PRASM and 11% yield growth versus the second quarter of 2011. Japan premium cabin demand was particularly strong in the second quarter, as PRASM increased 25% year-over-year. Pacific capacity increased 5.6% year-over-year as we began to lap our flight between Los Angeles and Shanghai, which we introduced in May 2011. We continue to strengthen our Pacific route network, and this month announced new service between San Francisco and Taipei starting in 2013. Second quarter transatlantic PRASM increased 2.3% and yields increased 1.1% year-over-year. We reduced our transatlantic capacity during the quarter by 4.1% year-over-year, as we trim capacity in the face of Europe's continuing economic challenges. While Europe showed moderate revenue growth in the quarter, India was an outstanding performer, with overall PRASM up 10% and premium cabin PRASM up 14% versus the same period in 2011. The Latin America entities faced very challenging year-over-year comparisons this quarter. Last year, Latin America PRASM and yields increased more than 20% versus the second quarter of 2010. This year, Latin America's second quarter PRASM declined 3.4% and yields declined 7.2%. On a year-over-year basis however -- on a 2-year, year-over-year basis, however, second quarter Latin America PRASM and yield are up approximately 16% and 14%, respectfully. Corporate customers continue to recognize United's superior network. In the second quarter, corporate revenue improved nearly 16% versus the same period in 2011, driven primarily by an increase in corporate passengers. Second quarter cargo revenue declined 60% versus the same period last year. The cargo business continues to struggle as the market digests increased industry capacity, particularly in the Middle East and Pacific. Outstanding Economy Plus and Premium Cabin upsell sales drove second quarter ancillary revenue up 11% year-over-year. Our strong ancillary revenue performance this quarter is largely due to our conversion to shares, which enables dynamic pricing, improved targeting and bundling of ancillary products and services. Economy Plus revenue grew more than 25% versus the second quarter of 2011. As Jeff mentioned, Economy Plus seating is available on 86% of our mainline fleet. And sales of those new seats account for roughly 1/3 of the year-over-year Economy Plus sales improvement this quarter. Second quarter sales of Premium Cabin upsell, our products allowing customers to gain access into the BusinessFirst or Global First cabins, increased 20% year-over-year. We know customers value more space, comfort and legroom when they fly, and United leads the industry in innovative seating products. The economic environment remains tepid. And as I just mentioned, the price of jet fuel remains very volatile. We have not changed our expectations for 2012 consolidated capacity, which we expect to decrease between 0.5% and 1.5% versus 2011. We expect third quarter 2012 consolidated capacity to decrease between 0.7% and 1.7% year-over-year. In the investor update we issued today, we detailed our third quarter and full year capacity outlook for all of our geographic entities. When we reduced our full year capacity outlook in March of this year, the reduction was weighted towards international flying, most notably, the Atlantic. We expect our transatlantic capacity to decrease 2.7% to 3.7% year-over-year in the third quarter, and 2.1% to 3.1% year-over-year for the full year. We continued redeploying aircraft across our domestic network in May. We are excited about our expanded ability to match capacity with demand on a flight-by-flight basis, and are seeing improved revenue results in a variety of markets. We learned a number of lessons from the first round of redeployments, and will apply them to our second leg, which we expect to implement with the September schedule. Turning to our near-term revenue outlook, we estimate United's July consolidated PRASM will be roughly flat year-over-year. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks, Jim. Today we reported over $0.5 billion of profit for the second quarter, in large part due to the efforts of my coworkers. I want to thank the entire team for working through challenges of our merger integration this quarter. For the second quarter, we recorded a pre-tax profit of $546 million and a pre-tax margin of 5.5%. Excluding the impact of our fuel hedges, our pre-tax margin improved 2.7 points year-over-year to 6.2%. Before I move to a discussion of second quarter results, I want to address the accounting adjustments to passenger revenue that we disclosed earlier this week. In connection with our conversion to a single passenger service system in March, we also converted to the Continental Airlines' revenue accounting system. During the second quarter, we made additional enhancements to the revenue accounting system, including a systematic reconciliation of open tickets to the general ledger balance of advanced ticket sales. These enhancements provide for more precision in the way that we recognize revenue and rely less on estimates. However, the timing of the implementation this quarter resulted in recording some April and May revenue adjustments in June. Although the second quarter was not without its bumps, our results are still good by historical standards. I firmly believe the profit we reported today is an endorsement of the structural changes we are making in this business. Our second quarter total operating expense increased 3.4% or $303 million year-over-year. Our second quarter consolidated CASM excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit-sharing also increased 3.4% versus 2011. On a fuel rate and profit-sharing neutral basis, second quarter consolidated unit costs increased 2.1% year-over-year. Non-operating expense for the quarter was $235 million, about $30 million lower than the second quarter of 2011. This decrease was a result of lower interest expense year-over-year as we continue to reduce our debt. In the second quarter, we paid down $258 million of debt and capital lease obligations, including $69 million of prepayments. Earlier this month, we also paid off 2 of our most costly pieces of debt on the balance sheet: The $172 million remaining on United's spare parts facility, which carried an interest rate of 12.75%; and the $79 million remaining on United's spare engine facility, with a coupon of LIBOR plus 1,130 basis points. These debt instruments were vestiges of a time when airlines needed to borrow money to maintain adequate liquidity. One of our primary objectives is strengthening our balance sheet by paying off costly debt and instead using the capital markets prudently to fund investments in our business. We ended the quarter with $8.2 billion in unrestricted liquidity, including an undrawn credit facility of $500 million. We have approximately $710 million of scheduled debt maturities and capital lease payments remaining this year. Gross capital expenditures were $500 million in the second quarter, and we continue to expect gross capital expenditures to be $2.35 billion for the full year or $1.25 billion net of expected financing. For the last 12 months ending in the second quarter, our return on invested capital was 10%, which exceeded our cost of capital for that period. We continue to emphasize the importance of generating profits in excess of our cost of capital, and that's part of the way that we do business. We use return on invested capital on route analysis, fleet strategy, balance sheet decisions and our compensation programs. We still expect our full year 2012 consolidated unit cost, excluding fuel, profit-sharing, third-party business expense, to increase 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year. We expect our third quarter 2012 consolidated unit cost, again excluding fuel, profit-sharing, third-party business expense, to be up 3% to 4% year-over-year. We have a downward bias for capacity in the third and fourth quarter. Any additional reduction in capacity would likely result in some modest pressure to our current CASM expectations. Essential to running a great airline, one that customers want to fly, employees want to work for, and investors want to invest in, is running a good operation. To that end, we are making investments in our business to improve our operations, which are reflected in our current cost guidance. We also see some cost pressure in other areas which are primarily a continuation of what we experienced in the first half of the year, such as salaries and related costs, which are up after achieving a number of ratified labor agreements this year. We estimate our third-party business expense to be approximately $70 million in the third quarter and $290 million for the full year. We have hedged 48% of our expected third quarter fuel consumption and 45% of our expected fuel consumption for the second half of 2012. Based on the forward curve, as of July 17, we expect our consolidated fuel price to be $3.13 per gallon for the third quarter and $3.22 per gallon for the full year. Earlier, Jeff discussed the importance of our new narrow-body fleet order, the 100 Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft and 50 additional Boeing 737-900ER aircraft are the best aircraft for our network and enable us to replace older, less efficient aircraft over the next decade. We continue to improve our fleet, and in the second quarter, took delivery of 6 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft. By the end of 2012, we expect to take delivery of an additional 9 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft and 5 787 Dreamliners. During the second quarter, we removed 1 Boeing 737 Classic and 3 767-200s from scheduled service, bringing our year-to-date aircraft retirements to 10. In total, we expect to retire 28 mainline aircraft during 2012. Fundamental to our fleet strategy is preserving the flexibility to respond to economic conditions while balancing that with replacing older, less efficient aircraft with new-generation aircraft that have better operating economics. As we evaluate the need to replace aircraft, we do so with an eye toward maximizing return on invested capital over the life of the asset that we are investing in. In this case, up to 30 years, as well as capital market and manufacturer constraints. Importantly, we recognize the benefit capacity discipline brings, and we are not going to depart from the strategy. Between our mainline and regional fleet, we have about 1,250 aircraft today. Over our planning horizon of the next 5 years, we intend to keep our fleet count roughly flat. Some of the aircraft we have on order will replace smaller gauge aircraft and we will be installing more economical, slimline seats, both of which we anticipate will result in minimal ASM growth over this time period, around 1% annually. Our current expectation for 2013 consolidated capacity is flat to up 1% year-over-year. By preserving flexibility in our fleet, we can also appropriately respond should we need to decrease capacity as a result of macroeconomic conditions. I want to close by, again, thanking my colleagues and a team of more than 80,000 at United. We made progress this quarter toward becoming a stronger company. We want to consistently earn a profit in excess of our cost of capital, reduce our debt, and strengthen our balance sheet and take a long-term approach to the investments we make in the business. These investments will allow us to recognize our employees for the job that they do, deliver the type of product and service our customers want and create the type of sustainable value that our shareholders require of us. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. This quarter was a time of transition. And we had our fair share of customer service and operational issues. Nonetheless, we earned over $0.5 billion. We have much work yet to do. But United is on the right path, as we work together to build the world's leading airline. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open the call for questions.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Deutsche Bank, we have Michael Linenberg online.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have 2 questions. I guess and I think actually both of them are for Jim. Jim, when I look at your investor update, and I look at the forward bookings and I look at where the loads are, they seem to be up pretty healthily on one hand, on the other hand you gave us your view for July PRASM. Is there a bit more stimulative type fare activity going on in sort of the August, mid-to-late August timeframe? What accounts for those differences?
James E. Compton: Mike, it's Jim. I think, yes, as you mentioned in our investor update, we talked about actually some pretty good bookings, strong demand as we look forward over the next 6 weeks and so forth. The pricing environment, although stable, I think we are seeing some fare sell activity, both in bringing close -- some competitive carriers bringing the AP in closer as well as fare that's putting some pressure on us. But from a demand perspective, we actually feel pretty good. And as a matter fact, we led an increase last week, $2, $3, $5 that had a match. The question on that is always due to sale fares under how much of that you realize given that the sell fare activity is out there. So I think we feel good about demand and managing the yield environment.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, very good. And then just my second question, this is just a data piece. Last year, with the FA shut down, what was the estimate of the benefit, the revenue benefit, that you got over this, I think it was like a 3, 4-week period?
James E. Compton: Yes, it was about -- it was a couple week period, I think July 23 to August 8. And we talked about, about a $60 million impact from that last year. And clearly most of that fall in the third quarter.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question for John. Just wondering if you could be any more forthright than your predecessor in terms of addressing whether or not you're accruing for higher labor costs?
John Rainey: Jamie, that's a tricky one. And I don't mean to be coy in any way. The way I have to answer that question is to the extent that it's we believe it's going to occur, we're accruing for our expectations. I think you've seen a number of different ratified agreements occur this year. Obviously, those were -- are reflected in our second quarter results. We clearly want to move in a direction where we will have joint collective bargaining agreements, and we have to make some assumption about when those will occur, as well as how much they are. And to the extent that, that's in our guidance then -- to the extent that's in the time horizon that we're guiding to, it's in there.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, excellent. And second, probably for Jim, but anybody can take it, as it relates to corporate contracts, my understanding is that most tend to run on a calendar year. They're typically more than a single year in duration. I'm just trying to assess whether some of the operational difficulties as of late, might have exposed you to any potential loss of corporate customers. Or is that more of a year-end type negotiation. I always tend to consider book a way, to be kind of a short-lived phenomenon, but I do have to wonder if it could prove longer-term, if it does impact the corporate negotiating aspect.
James E. Compton: Hey, Jamie, couple of thoughts on that. Corporate deals, I think your general kind of -- the contracts are a little bit different depending on the corporation or when they start up and other things like that. But I think that's a -- your summary's kind of a good general way to think about it. I'll point to the 16% growth of corporate revenue in the second quarter. We have had a challenging quarter. And from an operational perspective, and we don't see loss in share today. I would say that we've been improving our share as people see the value of the network that it brings to them, the great loyalty program and so forth. So my anticipation is that our investment in our operations and reliability that we are doing right now, many of the products that Jeff talked about in his comments that were -- as the operation improves and the power of the network which we can see at -- a market level in the second quarter that we don't anticipate any loss in corporate revenue going forward. And I will tell you this, our salesforce is out there with the corporations all day, every day, working hard. They bring in senior management as the issues come up to work with them. And we're working through that. But I don't see any loss in share today, and don't anticipate any.
Jeffery A. Smisek: This is Jeff. Let me just add in as well. Look, we know what we did to get us into the operational issues we've had. And we know how to get back out of it. And we will. We've got a lot of focus and attention throughout the organization. And I believe that we'll restore our operational integrity in fairly short order. So we're very focused on it.
Operator: From Wolfe Trahan, we have Hunter Keay online.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: I just want to push a little bit on this execution issue that we've been seeing here, and Jeff or anybody, I'm wondering if you can just give us a specific benchmark now that we can look for from you guys to achieve, say maybe before the end of this year, or over the next 12 months. It doesn't necessarily -- you don't necessarily have to answer this question right now on the spot, but maybe at some point in the near future, whether that's PRASM outperformance well over the peers, a joint labor contract from a major workgroup, a target debt level, just something that we can maybe put a marker down and say, "This is our goal, and this is a reason to be excited about owning the stock right here."
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hunter, this is Jeff. No, I appreciate that. And I'll tell you operationally, it's very clear we have 80% on-time performance as our goal. We haven't made that lately. We're going to work hard to achieve that. We've stumbled a bit on some of our completion factors, as well as we brought down the spares on our United subsidiary, as we were funding some preventative maintenance and we over rotated on that, and we are going to -- and we're reversing that. We're going to add the spares back. That's -- it's more costly to us to do it, but the first thing about running an airline is you've got to run a really good airline, and we've got to restore that, we know how to do that. In terms of debt, I'll put that back to John. But we clearly have a focus on improving our balance sheet, we're overlevered, as this business generally is, and we need to reduce that and reducing debt is a gift that keeps on giving. And in terms of our joint collective bargainings, we're very focused on that. These things do indeed take time. We're in a lot of simultaneous negotiations. I can't talk about our pilot negotiations because of the NMB has asked us not to do that, and I want to honor their request. But as you can see from the individual deals that we've got, and we know how to do them, we know how to get them. Those the cost of those are already in our numbers, and we're very focused on moving forward and getting joint collective bargaining agreements because I think that's -- it's important for our coworkers, it's important for bringing our coworkers together, it's important for developing the culture of the combined airline.
John Rainey: Hunter, this is John. I'd just follow up Jeff's comments on the net debt capital structure. I'd certainly want to be a little more transparent, and that's my intention over the course of the balance of the year, is to help let you guys know how I'm thinking about this. But if you look at the progress we've made, just in the last 2 years, and I know there's a lot of people focused on net debt, we've reduced our net debt by $4 billion over that time period. And when you talk about the effect that has on the P&L, that's -- we've got $200 million of interest expense that's gone away over that period of time. And the way that I think about that, those are savings that go to the bottom line that are not dependent upon some load factor assumption or take rate, those are recession-proof savings that are there year-in and year-out. It's the gift that keeps on giving, as Jeff says. So it's clearly what we want to continue to do. If you could at our maturity profile over the next 4 or 5 years, we've got a significant amount, $3.5 billion to $4 billion of non-aircraft debt that we need to pay off. And so I think we can vastly improve the quality of our balance sheet over that period of time by generating cash flows to pay off that kind of debt, and get down to a more reasonable capital structure for our company. I don't necessarily have a target that I want to share with you in terms of debt-to-capital, but I think we all know directionally, that, that number needs to go down.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yes. Okay. So just to follow-up, and I'll ask a true follow-up, I guess is, in that same vein, John, I mean, if you put out a debt target, or some sort of ideal capital structure ratio, I realize that things change. And I think most people can accept the fact that oil can go up or terrorism can happen or something bad can happen, but why should an equity investor feel comfortable -- your stock is trading at like 4x earnings, why should an equity investor feel comfortable sticking their neck out and saying, "I'm going to invest in this over the long run. I think that multiple is going to go higher than 3x to 4x." If you guys aren't willing to stick your neck out and say, "Three years from now, if everything kind of unfolds as we expect it to, our net debt level is $8 billion." Or something like that. Because I don't think the equity markets will reward you with multiple expansion until you feel comfortable putting that out there yourself. Would you disagree with that?
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, it's a very fair point, Hunter. I mean, I certainly don't want to put out numbers that I think allow you to back into what we're projecting for our free cash flow and therefore P&L. But I think, being more transparent in letting you guys understand how we're thinking about this, and I think more important, perhaps, prioritizing, how we think about this. I think from an equity investor's perspective, when we talk about multiple expansion, one of the best things that we can do right now is delever and take a lot a lot of the risk out of the business and so, very clearly, in terms of prioritization, that's what we want to do first. Going forward, as our thoughts evolve, and as there becomes more certainty in this business and less volatility, we'll feel more comparable with providing more specific details.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have John Godyn online.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First, just one for John, and then one for Jim. John, you had this comment in the release about earning a good return on invested capital versus your cost of capital, which is a great result. I know there's a lot of debate out there on how to calculate ROIC in airlines. Just want to get a better sense of how you do it and how conservative you are in it. Do you consider cash as working capital? And do you take into account the unfunded part of the pension?
John Rainey: Okay. A lot of questions there, John. Let me first say that we recognize there's a lot of questions in this area. And I think going forward, we're going to just actually put this calculation in our earnings release, and that will address a lot of the concerns. But I'll quickly try to hit on most of your questions there. We take on an invested capital perspective, we simply take the total assets and add back non-interest-bearing liabilities, and then we capitalize our operating leases. Importantly and it gets to your other question, by calculating it that way, that effectively assumes that our pensions are part of our debt, and we treat that just like any other interest-bearing liability that we need to earn a return on. Was there another question you asked that I missed?
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, that makes a lot of sense.
John Rainey: No, the cash. Yes, so in terms of cash, we think that the right way to think about that in this business is there is not an excess cash that we should not have to earn a return on. Said differently, we need to burden ourselves with earning a return on all of that cash.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And can I just ask a clarification on demand trends from Jim? You mentioned the economic environment remains tepid. But also that demand remains strong. Was the -- so far, throughout earnings, we've heard some airlines calling for continued strength, even in the face of ugly headline macro. But others actually acknowledging that they've seen macro weakness hit the bookings. Just to make it clear, where do you stand on that? And can you give us a sense to what extent July PRASM reflected macro weakness first, maybe one-time? Or it's like July 4th placement effects, any shrinks with tough comps, things like that?
James E. Compton: Yes, John. This is Jim. We're seeing demand being relatively stable. But when we talk about the economics -- the economy tepid, we are very much aware of, particularly Europe and so forth and keeping our eyes on that, which is why some of our capacity reductions in the fourth quarter have been a recognition of that already. So that -- the kind of that softness is in the economy is, is some of the things that we've seen. We're obviously watching to see where that turns. But we do see the leisure bookings over the next 6 weeks, which is really still the summer time period being quite strong based in our investor update with book load factor. As in terms of July, the Wednesday Fourth of July that you mentioned is an impact of July RASM year-over-year. We have -- when it's at Wednesday, there is significantly less business traffic that happens, and it's very much a leisure week more so then when that Fourth of July falls more towards the end or the beginning of the week. Also, I mentioned the FAA issues last year where ticket adds at the end, kind of last week of July. So year-over-year, that's a comp. And then lastly, although I will take this opportunity to wish the best to the U.S. Olympic team, which we partner with the United States Olympic Committee, the Olympics are a leisure week. And they're in London, they're a leisure couple weeks. And they are in London, and we obviously have a significant business presence in London, that also is putting pressure on our RASM year-over-year.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Glenn Engel online.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If I'm looking at your RASM relative to the industry, Latin America, you underperformed 7.5 points this year, after outperforming 2 last year. Domestically, you underperformed 5 points this year after outperforming at 1.5 point last year. Transatlantic, down 3 versus the industry versus flat last year. If you're not losing share, why are you underperforming the industry so much? And in Latin America, is there something about perhaps your mix like Mexico that's holding you back?
James E. Compton: Glenn, this is Jim. I think very strong comps last year, and particularly in Latin America beginning in kind of the second quarter period, May period...
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That was true for the industry, and they were up 18 7 so if dilution accounts for a 7-point gap?
James E. Compton: Yes. I think that -- I think if you went back last year, with our 20% growth was significantly better than some of our competitors in Latin America. So I think our comps are actually a little -- are stronger. The difficult comps are stronger for us this year in the Latin division. On some of the other carriers actually our length of haul RASM versus the industry on a system basis, kind of at a margin relative to first quarter. We continue to close that, relative to the industry. We actually see good progress. Again, the challenges that we talked about in the second quarter are there. But the network, we see benefits coming from the merger as in the individual hubs, and see them making progress on there. But some of that underperformance, quite frankly is the really strong comps last year.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And within regions, Atlantic, Latin America, is there any -- within region differences among countries and stuff like that from closure performance to be different?
James E. Compton: Yes. I think we're seeing a little bit more softness in London, relative to some other parts of Europe and so forth. Latin America, we had some very strong comps, particularly in Central America last year. And so that's where some kind of the waiting down and terms of that you kind of dig into those amenities.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the other revenues that were so strong, are we going to see continued strength in the second half on that line?
James E. Compton: We're obviously we're very optimistic. We're seeing great take on our Economy Plus and the front cabin upsell. We're taking somewhat of a conservative approach of selling Economy Plus, so that as we work with the ops group and rollout that reconfiguration, as we mentioned we're at 86% done. So we actually, given the kind of the trends that we've seen and the acceptance and the value that the customers sees on that are very optimistic, both at Economy Plus and our upsell products.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm sorry, does that show up in passenger revenue or other revenue?
James E. Compton: That's in passenger revenue.
Irene E. Foxhall: That's in passenger.
John Rainey: Yes, Glen, this is John. I would just add to -- in the last call, I talked about the accounting effect of 2008, the IETF 2008-1. That creates a geography issue where some of the, what was formerly booked in passenger revenue is now in other revenue. And that's some of the effect that you're seeing. And you should expect a continuation of that as well. Not to takeaway though, from what Jim was saying that we are seeing, in all aspects of our ancillary revenue, a good uptick.
Operator: And our last question, from Barclays, we have David Fintzen on the line.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Appreciate that there's a lot on the plate in terms of integration, but I'm just curious now with Delta now moving to upgauge your regional. I'm just curious, as you look out over the next few years, do you need to rethink sort of the shape and scope of the regional operation? Or are you happy kind of with where it sits?
Jeffery A. Smisek: David, this is Jeff. We're in negotiations with our pilots, and I don't want to talk about that, but we have said previously that part of those negotiations are having a competitive contract, and competitive contract includes competitive scope. It is the larger regional jets that's on a United subsidiary A, for example, are a very attractive product offering, offering both first class seats, Economy Plus and Economy, and it's important that we have a competitive scope provision, that's part of our negotiations, and that's all I can really talk to you about right now.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And when think competitive, I mean, just given your network and you're less connection oriented, your hubs are in bigger cities, you've -- is it -- what happened at American, that's a little more pressing on the competitive side? Or Delta? Or both?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, I view for the competitive landscape across all of our competitors, and when it comes to regional aircraft, that of course is more domestic issue than our global international competitors. But we have to look to Delta, we have to look to American, we have to look to everyone.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just maybe if I sneak one in on the -- just on the Atlantic book load factor, and a month ago or so was down 2, now it's flat. You have the London commentary, Jim, which I appreciate, but you -- should we read anything into that? Or is that in sort of some of the fare activity in the sales that Jim, you were talking about earlier?
James E. Compton: Being flat now versus --
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Being flat versus 2, I mean, is that the margin? Should we read that as Atlantic out a little bit better x London? Or...?
James E. Compton: Flight or the adjusted capacity, even as we kind of moved to the summer slightly and so forth. But I think, I would say that the demand's relatively stable and it's kind of, us trying to better match the capacity with demand. There can be -- there's a little bit of fare pressure in some markets, it's a little bit of revenue management looking for opportunity to take some marginal traffic that otherwise, that I think's closed some of that load factor.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] And from Wall Street journal, we have Susan Carey online.
Susan Carey: I have 2 questions. First of all, I wonder if you could run me through this issue of the United spares. You pulled it down to what, and you're bringing it back up to what?
Jeffery A. Smisek: I'm sorry, Susan. You're very faint, and it's very hard to hear. Could you speak a little more loudly please?
Susan Carey: Okay, I'm wondering if you could give me a little bit more flavor on the issue of the United spares being taken down and being pulled back up. Like, how many or what was that all about?
Jeffery A. Smisek: I'm sorry?
Susan Carey: Spares.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Oh, spares, I'm sorry, actually, I'll ask Pete McDonald, who's our Chief Operations Officer, to take you through the details.
Peter D. McDonald: Susan, so United, on the United side of the fleet, we traditionally had run with 15 spare aircraft across the various fleets in total. And as --
Susan Carey: Mainline?
Peter D. McDonald: Yes, mainline. And that's excluding regional. And as part of the tech ops harmonization, as you know, the Continental side had very, very good completion factor, and one of the best practices that Continental had used was this preventative process of the -- preventative service lines where you produce time in the schedule where aircraft will go in there on a preplanned basis and have work done, and that was a big contributor to the high completion factor. United adapted that, and we had to hire mechanics and inventory and so forth to support those lines. And to pay for that, we reduced the spare aircraft on the United side, expecting that we would see similar completion with that process. Unfortunately, the health of the United fleet wasn't ready yet for that kind of reduction in the spare complement. So we have -- we are and have done some of the replacement of those spares. We expect that to continue for some period of time. We don't want that to be the long-term strategy for our fleet, and expect over time to go back down to sort of the 9 level that we had anticipated for this year.
Susan Carey: And I'd like to ask one other question. This is sort out of left-field, if you excuse me. Now that Japan Airlines is out of bankruptcy and is in the midst of its turnaround, we're wondering if what its significance is to U.S. competitors and whether it's had any impact on United and its partnership or if the AA joint venture with JAL has had any impact on your operations to Japan?
James E. Compton: Susan, this is Jim. Yes, the -- obviously, it's a competitive business, and every competitor we watch and so forth. I will tell you, as we build the joint venture in the Pacific with ANA, a great partner, and our ability to kind of bring more fair product, consistent fair product, better connections in Tokyo using ANA, we actually feel really good with our position to be able to compete in that market with any carrier.
Operator: And our final question, from the Associated Press, we have Josh Freed online.
Josh Freed: Could you say a little more about the Slimline seats that you're putting in? Which aircraft, and what the timing is for that?
John Rainey: Sure. So we're going to -- this is John. We're going to begin installing them on our Airbus fleet. We're actually making a number of investments in the 319s and the 320s, including bigger overhead bins, better lighting, the Slimline seats and ultimately Wi-Fi and NC power. All of which will make that a much better aircraft for our passengers and a better customer convenience. That's where we are starting. I think we'll evaluate that as we look at our other fleets, I don't know that we've committed to anything at this point. But importantly, what that allows us to do, one is it's a much lighter seat, and so we get an appreciable amount of fuel savings and then of course, you're able to put more seats on the plane, which is better from a revenue perspective. But as we begin to get experience with that seat, and install that on the Airbus, we'll roll that out and will give you guys a lot more detail about that.
Josh Freed: How many more seats on the plane?
John Rainey: About 6? 6.
Josh Freed: All right. And is that related at all to the recall issue from a couple of years ago? Or is that a totally separate thing?
John Rainey: It's entirely separate.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay, as we're out of time, we'll conclude. Thanks to all you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs Tyler Reddian - Managing Director of Investor Relations Jeffery A. Smisek - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President John Rainey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel McKenzie - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, Research Division David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of 2012. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Nene Foxhall and Tyler Reddian. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United's first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and CFO, John Rainey; and Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will review capacity and revenue results. John will follow with a discussion of our cost structure, balance sheet and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate if each of you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Tyler.
Tyler Reddian: Thank you, Nene. Our earnings release and separate investor update were issued this morning and are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings press release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of the call, we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter, we will be excluding special charges and/or fuel-hedged, noncash net mark-to-market gains and losses. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Tyler, and good morning and thank you, all, for joining us on our first quarter 2012 earnings call. I want to take the opportunity to thank Zane Rowe, our former CFO, for his leadership over the past 19 years. I wish him all the best in his new role with Apple. We have a strong and deep management team, and John Rainey was the clear choice to take over this important role. John is a seasoned finance professional, with many years of airline experience, and my entire team looks forward to working together with him in his new role as CFO. Moving on to our financial results for the quarter. Today, we reported a net loss of $286 million or an $0.87 loss per share. This was a challenging quarter for United, marked by rising fuel prices and revenue challenges. While we are disappointed to report a loss for this quarter, we remain focused on turning United into a business that sustainably generates returns in excess of our cost of capital, and is able to weather and adapt to any economic environment in which we find ourselves. We remain committed to being the airline that customers want to fly, co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in.  During the quarter, we successfully completed the most complex milestone of our integration, the conversion to a single passenger service system, a single loyalty program and a single website, the largest technology conversion in aviation history. I cannot overstate the importance of this conversion and the value that will be created now that it is complete. With this conversion behind us, we now market under a single code, and we can flow our aircraft freely across the network, matching the right aircraft to the right route, which will enable us to deliver on the significant revenue synergies we anticipated from the merger. We will be making many network changes in the coming months, and Jim will speak about that in a few minutes. While the conversion to Shares, our single passenger service system was successful, and we've had solid operational performance afterwards, we had a number of issues which affected some of our customers as one would expect after a massive technology and process change like this. We also aligned many policies and procedures between the carriers and made a number of simultaneous changes to our loyalty program. Moreover, although our new website is materially more advanced than our old one, there are gaps between the functionality of our old website and our new website that we will close over time. These issues initially drove high call volumes, increasing the average wait times for our agents to answer customer calls. As we explained last quarter, we spent significant resources to train our reservation and customer care co-workers on the new system and policy and procedure changes, and we increased staffing levels to support the conversion. Even with the team's preparation, the average wait and handle times at our customer contact centers increased substantially. As a result, in the weeks following the system's conversion, we weren't able to deliver the level of customer service that we wanted and that our customers have come to expect, and I apologize to our customers who were affected during this time. As we identify the issues that were driving high call volumes, we remediated the vast majority of them, and our average speed of answer has fallen substantially, as have our average handle times. As our agents gain experience in the Shares system, we expect handle times to continue to fall and return to normal levels. Despite the complexity of the conversion and the subsequent issues we had, we should not lose sight of the fact that we have safely carried 22 million passengers since the conversion occurred on March 3, and our operating performance, including on-time and completion factor, has been consistent with our performance prior to the conversion. This is a testament to the dedication and commitment of my co-workers. One silver lining to the stress of our systems conversion is that we discovered some deficiencies in how our subsidiary carriers were dealing with customer service issues before the conversion. As a result, we'll be making changes to items like customer messaging and information flow that will permit us to provide better customer service than we had prior to the systems conversion.  I'd like to take a moment to recognize all of my co-workers, especially our reservations, customer care and airport co-workers, who worked very hard under stressful conditions, including high load factors due to spring break, to assist our customers after our systems conversion, and our technology team, who worked tirelessly to address issues we encountered and fix them quickly. This was a monumental task for the company, and I'm proud of the way our team performed and worked together. We will continue to invest in our technology and will deploy a new front-end to the Shares system by the end of this year for our airport and contact center agents that will allow my co-workers to serve our customers better and faster than they've ever done before. The Shares platform is stable, dependable and advanced, due to our ongoing investment in its operating system, hardware and system architecture. Its design give us flexibility and can be integrated with current generation technologies. These characteristics will allow us to operate more efficiently and will significantly increase our speed to market for new products and services. We're already seeing the benefits of moving to Shares. We've seen web sales penetration improve since moving to the single website, powered by Shares, and are experiencing record sales of ancillary products and services on our website. Our new website not only helps improve our ancillary revenue results, but it also improves our direct relationship with our customers. Our off-airport check-in percentage has increased nearly 5 points to almost 50% of all check-ins since moving to Shares. Further confirmation that if we give customers the right tools, they will use them. We plan to continue rolling out new technology to make the travel experience easier for our customers, and to give our customers more information, more choice and more control over their travel experience.  As I just mentioned, a significant benefit of moving to Shares is our improved ability to generate substantial incremental ancillary revenue. We will use the flexibility of the new platform to deliver new pricing structures and bundling opportunities for existing products. Shares also will facilitate the faster introduction of new innovative products, which will result in a better portfolio of offerings that our customers desire, as well as new revenue streams for the company. Since the launch of the single website, we have already taken the first of several planned steps to more effectively revenue manage Economy Plus upsell. Prior to our conversion, we were limited to a single price point for every Economy Plus seat on a given flight. Since converting to Shares, we now have the ability to vary pricing, based on a number of factors, including row type, seat type, days from departure and more. Due to this new functionality, we've been able to increase the average price of an Economy Plus seat in March by 9% year-over-year. And when combined with the increasing number of Economy Plus seats available, total Economy Plus sales in March increased 37%. Now that we have a single loyalty program, Mileage Plus, we're able to begin unlocking the significant value creation potential that exists with operating the world's largest loyalty program. The large membership base, a highly recognized and coveted mileage currency, the leading portfolio of co-brand credit cards and a strong network of loyalty business partners, provide the platform upon which we will innovate and drive incremental margin moving forward. We designed a frequent flier benefit structure of the integrated loyalty program to better recognize and reward value-creating behaviors of our customers and to better stratify membership tiers so that benefits logically and progressively improve as higher status tiers are reached. We launched Premium MileagePlus club card in March, building on the strong performance we're seeing for the MileagePlus Explorer card that we launched last July.  We're excited about the opportunities we see in our loyalty business. These include new ways to engage with membership, strengthening and expanding the network of business partners that participate in the MileagePlus loyalty network and increasing the utility of the currency through innovative earning and redemption opportunities such as our recently launched partnership with Gilt, Exclusive Resorts and Topguest, as well as the launch of our new auctions program, MileagePlus Headliners, and the Gift Card Exchange. We believe the loyalty space has significant high margin opportunity in the coming years, and we plan to capitalize on it.  We took a number of actions to ease the stress at our airports during the Shares conversion, such as pulling down the flight schedule, limiting our overbooking levels and waiving certain fees in the days following the conversion. While beneficial to the operations, these actions adversely impacted our revenue results this quarter. Over the longer-term, however, we believe that our investments in integration and new products and services will continue to drive a revenue premium to the industry. Economy Plus seating, which offers up to 5 extra inches of leg room versus standard Economy seating, is now on 75% of our combined mainline fleet, and we expect to have all mainline aircraft reconfigured by the end of the year. Our lie-flat premium seat installation on our international widebody fleet is nearly complete, with the remaining aircraft to be completely retrofitted by this time next year. We'll begin installing our satellite-based global Wi-Fi network at the end of the year, which when completed, will cover our entire mainline fleet. We also continue to invest in customer pleasing and fuel-efficient aircraft. We expect to induct 5 Boeing 787 Dreamliners into service this year and we recently completed a EETC transaction that financed 4 Dreamliners and 14 737-900ER aircraft and refinanced 3 additional 737-900ERs, with the lowest blended coupon rate ever for a EETC transaction.  The Dreamliner is a spectacular aircraft and a game changer for United. And we can't wait for our customers and co-workers to experience it. We'll be the first North American carrier to take delivery of this revolutionary airplane. During the quarter, we also made progress bringing together our employee groups. We achieved a tentative agreement with our subsidiary United flight attendants, which was recently ratified. We now turn our attention to joint negotiations to bring all of our flight attendants under a single collective bargaining agreement. Our passenger service employees completed their representation election. We've begun joint negotiations with them. All representation issues have now been concluded with our major domestic unions, and we're in joint collective bargaining with the unions of all of our major work groups. We remain focused on bringing our work groups together as promptly as we can with responsible joint collective bargaining agreements that pay competitively, which will be fair to our co-workers and fair to the company. While this quarter was challenging for us, we remain committed to taking the actions necessary to achieve sustained and sufficient profitability. Now that we are one airline with a single code, a single passenger service system, a single loyalty program, a single website and single policies and procedures, we are on the steep back slope of our integration. This permits us to shift our focus to expanding the products and services that customers want and are willing to pay for, and delivering on our commitment to customer service. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim and John to go through the results in greater detail.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I join Jeff in thanking our co-workers for their hard work this quarter and our customers for choosing to fly United. United's first quarter consolidated passenger unit revenue increased 5.2%, and mainline PRASM improved 4.1% versus the first quarter of 2011. Yield improvements again drove our revenue gains this quarter. We faced a number of headwinds and challenges in the first quarter that put pressure on our PRASM results, including challenging comps, higher completion factor and our systems conversion. We are not satisfied with our results this quarter and are very focused on improving our performance in the future. Over the past few months, we took significant steps in integrating our revenue management and booking system, including moving to a single inventory management system and completing our conversion to Shares. With these tools in place, our revenue management and network planning team can now seamlessly manage our inventory, identify better route opportunities and gather a robust history of data, which we will use to make better demand forecast and revenue management decisions. Technology deployments of this scale are never easy, and we have learned much in the process. Our new inventory management system is the leading technology available to support revenue management activities. But after the conversion to the single system, we saw a decline in connecting traffic as we were in the learning phase of the new system, which negatively affected our load factors in the first quarter. I am pleased to say that based on our recent booking data, we believe the issue is behind us and we are now seeing connecting traffic builds consistent with historical patterns.  To support the operations around our conversion to Shares, we took steps to reduce overbooking to minimize customer disruption as our co-workers got up to speed on the new system. Now that we have over 1.5 months of using the system, we have returned to our historic booking levels, which will support better revenue performance in April and beyond. We estimate that the synergy due to the system conversions this quarter to be approximately 1 point year-over-year PRASM growth. Even with this headwind, we expect to achieve our full year 2012 total synergy target. Our best tools to manage revenue, particularly in an environment of high fuel prices, are capacity discipline and putting the right aircraft in the right market to generate revenue premium. Our first quarter consolidated capacity increased by 0.3% versus the same period in 2011, with the leap year driving the increase. First quarter domestic mainline PRASM increased 4.5%, and yields increased 3.3% year-over-year. Domestic mainline capacity decreased 3% as compared to last year. Regional PRASM grew by 9.1% in the first quarter compared to the same period in 2011. We successfully raised domestic fares twice since the start of the year, and we continue to focus on ensuring that we receive compensatory pricing for our products. International unit revenue increased 3.8% in the first quarter versus 2011. First quarter international yields improved 5.6%, while international capacity increased 3.4% in the quarter. Latin America was again United's best performing entity this quarter, with PRASM up 7% in the first quarter and yields up 6.9% versus 2011. South America results continue to fuel much of the growth in the Latin America entity. South America PRASM and yields were up about 11% this quarter, with solid results in both the Premium and Economy cabins. Trans-Atlantic PRASM increased 5.3%, and yields increased 6% year-over-year in the first quarter. Results throughout the region were mixed this quarter, with some outstanding performers like Germany, where PRASM was up 8%, and premium cabin PRASM was up 20% year-over-year, and some laggards like India, where PRASM was up only 2% year-over-year. In light of the economic challenges Europe is facing, we continue to evaluate which markets we serve. In the Pacific, we faced a number of challenges, including increased competitive capacity to China and Hong Kong, and less exposure to the resurging Japan market relative to our peers. Our Pacific PRASM declined 0.2% in the first quarter and yields increased 4.1% versus 2011. Japan was the top performing country, with PRASM and yields increasing about 15% versus the first quarter 2011. The Australian market continues to perform well with PRASM up 6% and yields up 9% year-over-year. While China was under pressure this quarter, we continue to believe that our unmatched presence in China is a long-term competitive advantage for United, and we are well positioned to take advantage of a growing Chinese economy.  Overall, our footprint in the Pacific is unmatched by any U.S. carrier, and the region remains one of our most profitable entities. As we have seen over the last year, corporate revenue continued to show steady improvement this quarter as corporate customers respond favorably to our ability to offer them the best network in the world. Corporate revenue increased more than 10% this quarter, with yields up about 4% versus first quarter 2011. First quarter cargo revenue declined 6.7% versus the same period last year. As in the past few quarters, volumes across most entities declined as fuel surcharges continued to increase and air cargo demand declined. As with passenger capacity, the Pacific saw additional industry cargo capacity come online. Last quarter, we mentioned how having a single passenger service system will provide us the opportunity to introduce new ancillary products and better target customers with our existing ancillary products. As a result of the Shares conversion, we temporarily lost the ability to sell some existing ancillary products, such as our Premier Travel and Premier Line options, and it is a top priority to fill those gaps. Even with these temporary gaps, ancillary revenue in the first quarter grew by about 7% year-over-year. Our ancillary revenue generation through our website has grown dramatically since the conversion to Shares, with sales for the last week in March nearly double our sales in the last week in January. Our customers continue to show they are willing to pay a premium for better seats with increases in Economy Plus and Premium Cabin upsell options year-over-year. Part of our business planning at United is the ongoing evaluation of the economic and demand environment. And in March, much like we did multiple times in 2011, we announced plans to reduce our full year consolidated capacity. The current economic environment is still uncertain, with pockets of strength and weakness, and oil remains high and volatile. We expect our 2012 capacity to decrease between 0.5% and 1.5% versus 2011, which will make our airline 1% smaller than we were in 2010 and 7% smaller than we were in 2008. We expect second quarter 2012 consolidated capacity to decrease between 0.3% and 1.3% year-over-year.  In addition to cutting capacity in 2012, we will capitalize on our systems conversion and the opportunities it presents to freely move our aircraft around the network and better match capacity with demand. Redeploying our existing aircraft across the network is a critical enabler of our revenue synergies. In the second quarter of this year, approximately 15% of our mainline departures will be redeployed flights. Along with better matching aircraft to the right markets to improve profitability of existing routes, redeployment allows us to initiate new flights, such as our service from Washington/Dulles to Dublin and Manchester using a Boeing 757-200, and seasonal service from Houston to Jackson Hole this summer with a domestic 757. Our redeployment plans will accelerate into the fall and winter of this year. Turning to our near-term revenue outlook. We continue to experience difficult comps year-over-year, and we estimate United's April consolidated PRASM will increase about 5%. This PRASM estimate is preliminary, based on the data we have for April thus far. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Rainey: Thanks, Jim. This was a challenging quarter, with significant integration efforts across the company. And I want to thank the United team for doing a great job of managing through the complexities of our systems integration. I'm excited for the opportunity ahead of me in my new role, and I want to take a moment to thank my predecessor, Zane Rowe. I worked with Zane for most of my 15 years at Continental and United. There are very few people who have given more of themselves to this company than he has. He's been a great mentor and a great friend, and we will miss him.  Moving to our results. United's consolidated operating expense increased 7.6% or $618 million year-over-year in the first quarter. Fuel costs represented over $550 million of that increase, as jet fuel prices rose 20% versus 2011. First quarter consolidated and mainline unit costs increased more than 7% year-over-year. Our first quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel and third-party business expense, increased 0.7% versus 2011. Holding fuel rate and profit-sharing constant, and excluding third-party business expense, consolidated unit costs increased only 0.6% year-over-year in the quarter. Nonoperating expense for the quarter was $176 million, nearly $70 million lower than the first quarter of 2011. The biggest single contributor to the decrease was a reduction in interest expense of roughly $40 million, as we continue our focus on strengthening the balance sheet. As Jim discussed, our revenue growth faced headwinds this quarter, both from integration-related activities and from more difficult comparisons to the first quarter of 2011, a period where we realized very strong revenue growth. In January 2011, we implemented FASB rule ASU 2009-13, a required change to our frequent flyer revenue recognition policy. This resulted in a reduction in the amount of passenger revenue that is deferred into the future and contributed to our revenue growth last year. This change in accounting better matches our revenue recognition to our cash flow. All in, we recorded a pretax loss of $283 million for the first quarter. While we are never pleased with a loss, the first quarter was somewhat unique in that it included our most substantive integration efforts with a backdrop of higher fuel prices and trepidation over the European debt crisis, with all of this happening in what is already a seasonally slower period. Our focus remains the same as it has been: on generating sustainable profits over the business cycle that exceed our cost of capital. While painful, the integration efforts in the first quarter were a huge enabling step toward our achievement of that goal. Our return on invested capital for the last 12 months was 10.5%, still in excess of our cost of capital. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $7.8 billion in unrestricted liquidity, including an undrawn credit facility of $500 million. We reduced debt again this quarter, paying over $500 million in debt and capital lease obligations, including $92 million in prepayments. We have about $890 million of scheduled debt maturities and capital lease payments remaining in 2012. Gross capital expenditures were $403 million in the quarter. As Jim mentioned, we recently reduced our expected 2012 capacity guidance to a decline of 0.5% to 1.5% versus 2011. Despite this, we are not projecting an increase in our unit costs from our prior guidance. As we pull capacity out of the system, we need to also take out the associated costs by an amount that is as close to CASM-neutral as possible. We are keeping our full year 2012 consolidated unit cost guidance, excluding fuel, profit-sharing and third-party business expense, at an increase of 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year. We expect our second quarter 2012 consolidated unit cost, excluding fuel, profit-sharing and third-party businesses expense, to be up 3% to 4% year-over-year. We are seeing some inflationary pressure in the second quarter in salaries and related costs of new labor agreements put in place last year and earlier this year. Regional expenses also up year-over-year as we restructured certain regional flying.  As we disclosed in our December investor update, we are now excluding third-party business expense from our core unit costs. Third-party business expenses are those associated with activities that do not generate seat miles, such as providing maintenance, ground handling and catering services for other airlines, as well as components of the MileagePlus Program, like non-air mileage redemptions. The revenue associated with these activities is recorded in the other revenue line. Third-party business expense was $65 million in the first quarter and is expected to be approximately $70 million in the second quarter and $330 million for the full year. Based on the forward curve, as of April 18, we expect our consolidated fuel price to be $3.44 per gallon in the second quarter and $3.40 per gallon for the full year. We have hedged 37% of our expected second quarter fuel consumption at an average Gulf Coast jet equivalent of $3.18 per gallon. We have hedged 36% of our expected fuel consumption for the second half of 2012 using a combination of collars, swaps and calls. We continue to improve our fleet with modern, fuel-efficient aircraft. And in the first quarter, we took delivery of 4 737-900ER aircraft. By the end of 2012, we expect to take delivery of an additional 15 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft and induct into service 5 787 Dreamliners. As a result, we expect gross capital expenditures to be $2.35 billion in 2012 or $1.25 billion net of expected financing. We are also removing older, less fuel-efficient aircraft from the fleet. In the first quarter of 2012, we removed 5 Boeing 737-500s from scheduled service. In total, we intend to retire 28 mainline aircraft by the end of 2012, which includes an additional 13 737-500s, 5 757-200s and 5 767-200s.  I want to close by saying that I look forward to working in my new role with my talented colleagues and a team of more than 80,000 here at United. This industry is changing and we are changing with it. While it is clearly too early to declare victory, we are making tremendous progress, taking actions that remove volatility and de-risk the business will have a pronounced effect on our ability to invest in our product, to provide a stable company for our co-workers and to create sustainable value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. This was a pivotal quarter for our company. We now have our largest integration milestones behind us, and we can focus on unlocking United's full potential, becoming the airline that customers want to fly, co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in. Sustained and sufficient profitability is the only path forward, and we're confident that we'll deliver. I'll now turn it over to Tyler to open up the call for questions.
Tyler Reddian: Thanks, Jeff. First, we'll take questions from the analyst community, then we'll take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, actually 2 questions here. Actually, John, you touched on -- you talked about some of the regional costs. So the situation with Pinnacle and the fact that it looks like they're going away and it looks like someone else is going to pick up those airplanes and it seems like you may be bringing back -- maybe you've already brought back some Embraer 135s, how should we think about that as it relates to -- think about it being as a cost wind -- a cost headwind. It appears that Pinnacle may have had a better deal that wasn't sustainable over the long-term. Is there going to be, not just a cost hit, but are we going to see sort of any revenue hiccup from them leaving?
John Rainey: Yes. Mike, I'd say there's 2 things that will affect our regional costs going forward. One, as you mentioned, Pinnacle is going through a restructuring and we will transition a lot of the flying that they're doing for the balance of the year. The second piece of that, as part of the transition flying that they're doing, in the first quarter, we restructured the Saab 340 flying they were doing from us -- doing for us, from a pro-rate agreement to a capacity purchase agreement. The effect that, that has is we now pick up the associated expenses in our regional line but we also pick up the associated revenue in our revenue line where that wasn't there before. So you'll see a similar trend year-over-year through the following quarters this year that you saw in the first quarter.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Who is picking up the flying? Is it a household name or I see this little company Silver may be picking it up? What can you say on that?
John Rainey: Well, we have a transition agreement with Colgan right now and we have not disclosed. We're actually still negotiating who's going to do that flying for us.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, very good. And then just my second question. Back, Jim made the comment, Jim, you said it was a -- the cutover impacted your unit revenue by, I think, you said a point. Was that just for the month or the quarter or is that a full year impact? I wasn't sure the timeframe.
James E. Compton: Mike, this is Jim. Yes, it was a quarter impact, the 1 point.
Operator: From Rodman & Renshaw, we have Dan McKenzie on the line.
Daniel McKenzie - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, Research Division: New products, new revenue streams. Can you talk about the timing for implementing some of those and perhaps some idea of the materiality?
James E. Compton: Dan, this is Jim. With the conversion to Shares and the migration to the subsidiary, continental.com site, now known as the united.com. As we mentioned, there were certain products that were sold on the sub-United side that weren't on the Continental side. So there were about half a dozen, 6 or 7. An example is, for instance, United had an Economy Plus subscription that drove ancillary revenue. Or another one is United Club online onetime passes at the clubs and so forth. Those are gaps that we have right now, and the team is working over the next several months to close those gaps, to capture those revenues going forward.
Daniel McKenzie - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then I guess just a follow-up question on the reservation system cutover, how much of a hangover effect from the inventory holdback is there, if any, as we look at April PRASM here? I think it was 1%, if I understood correctly, for the month of March?
James E. Compton: Yes, Dan. It's -- in terms of what we -- the teams work across the company in terms of overbooking, so I'd say that impact is behind us. It was early in the month of March with the March 3 date, as well as some of the spring break peak periods, what we did is we lowered the authorization levels on overbooking to support some of the heavy volumes that we expected over spring break and the learning curve on the new system. That tends to be most behind us. The other piece of it that I mentioned on connecting traffic might have a little bit of a tail in April as we rebuild that. We made some changes to our revenue management system kind of mid-March to begin to correct for that. So there might be a little bit of it -- there might be some tail on the connecting traffic as we kind of look at April.
Operator: From Barclays, we have David Fintzen on the line.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a question on -- if I sort of read the headlines on Europe and Asia, you'd almost think that your commentary on the entities will be a bit flipped. And I know that there's kind of capacity differences and growth differences. But can you kind of help us reconcile why you're seeing a sort of strength in premium Europe and maybe how that compares to the cabin performance in Asia, sort of premium versus non-premium?
James E. Compton: Yes. I think kind of a general statement, I would say, is that our premium cabin traffic is doing very well across all the entities. And if you break down the entities, when you look at Japan, first of all, I talked about -- about 38% of our capacity is in Japan and 60% non-Japan markets. And as I mentioned, that 38%, actually 15%, was our RASM growth in those Japan markets. If our capacity was similar, quite frankly, people compare us to Delta. If our capacity were Delta, 78% of its ASMs in Japan, we would've added 9 points in PRASM to our Pacific entity and so forth. So there really is a real structural piece, and that structural piece is the Asia piece. Particularly in Hong Kong. We faced -- we've talked about increased competition in Chicago-Hong Kong. But Hong Kong, in general, the industry capacity is about up 20% in the first quarter, we're down about 2%. We managed capacity down a little bit with some holiday cancellations and so forth. Quite frankly, that's put pressure on our PRASM in that part of the world in Asia. As we think about that part of the world, we think our footprint, historically, has been terrific there, it's again, a very profitable entity for us, Pacific as well as Asia. It's unmatched, our portfolio, and with the growing economy in China, we think we're well positioned in Asia. But it was a tough quarter and it was a tough quarter partly with the industry capacity growth. In addition, we're improving our product, so that many of those flights with the 747 have been updated to IPTE, but we're not done. For instance, we'll be putting streaming video within the cabin beginning this summer, into the coach cabin that still relies on kind of old technology from an IFE perspective. And quite frankly, our 787 order, the portfolio we will build over the next several years, with the 5 that Jeff mentioned coming this year and then obviously the portfolio of 50 over the next several years, really is going to give us the ability to react much more to competitive environment such as that 20%, with really a terrific airplane that will help us match capacity with demand. So when you put that in altogether, we're actually very excited about our Pacific. Within the Pacific, it's really those structural pieces that kind of explained our RASM. Trans-Atlantic, as I mentioned in my comments, we had just different performance across the board, strong performance in Germany, some of the secondary markets not so much, so we're evaluating that. The capacity reductions that we announced in March really do kind of address some of that towards the second half of the year, where mainly many of them are in the Trans-Atlantic with our exit from such as Copenhagen and then in that entity over to Accra. So we're actually very, very focused on that as we look at capacity. I would say that historically, our -- managing capacity is one of discipline and steady discipline. We actually think that we manage costs better if we're not doing wild swings in capacity and we're able to be more predictable for our corporate customers, for the markets, for the customer, as well as just in general of the marketplace and so forth. So we're going to continue that discipline capacity, but I think you'll see it be at stable, not to say that we won't, as I mentioned, look at markets and move markets. But I think we're pretty happy with our position in the Trans-Atlantic right now.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just as you look at the Trans-Atlantic, I mean, are there point-of-sale differences that, strength the U.S. economy is maybe offsetting the recession in a lot of Europe? Is there anything sort of visible from sort of that macro perspective?
James E. Compton: Yes. The U.S. point-of-sale continues to be very strong for us and that's -- as my comments on the premium cabin really drives that, we're seeing strong strength in the premium cabin driven by the corporate business revenue going forward, but a good U.S. sale -- U.S. point-of-sale.
David E. Fintzen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just a quick one on that 15% redeployment statistic you had for 2Q, how should we think about that long-term? I mean, does it ultimately become -- is it 40% of the network when you get it fully optimized and where kind of are we in that process?
James E. Compton: Well, the team -- we're very early in the process, obviously, with the second quarter being 15%, which is one of our -- as we get excited about the ability with this network to drive the synergies. Quite frankly, we're working through those numbers. It will accelerate, particularly in the second half of the year, but the network -- ultimately, we'll watch the marketplace and keep managing that. So I wouldn't want to commit to where that actually ends up, but will accelerate in the second half of the year.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Bill Greene on the line.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about the New York market. Delta talked about some big wins that they feel they're getting as a result of the slot swap. Do you think maybe the cutover caused you to have some market share slippage at all in New York? Or was -- are you not really seeing an effect from them? I'm just curious how New York is performing?
James E. Compton: Bill, this is Jim. Actually, no we're not. Our strong New York base with the -- with our hub in Newark has worked well for us, and actually we've seen corporate revenue in the fourth quarter grow out of New York, as well as our share. And so we're seeing good progress as the sales team gets out and talks about the value of this new network. We're getting great response from our corporate partners across the system, but also particularly in New York.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, if US Air were to leave the Star Alliance, does that have a material impact at all on your P&L?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Bill, this is Jeff. I'm not going to speculate on whatever should happen there. But U.S. Airways is a good partner of ours, and if they were to leave the Star Alliance, it would have an impact on us and that would be, on that piece, negative to us. On the other hand, if they left as a result of a consolidation, I think that'd be very good. It'd be very good for the business and very good for the industry. And consolidation, as you know, has worked well for this business. And I think net to us, if US Airways were leaving for a consolidation that seems to be in the lot -- in the news today, I think net-net that'd be positive for United Airlines.
Operator: From Wolfe Trahan we have Hunter Keay online.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A couple of questions for you on -- well, I guess just one on costs. On fuel specifically, fuel price is up about 20%, guidance looks a little unfavorable, which I realize could be a timing issue when you price it out where the strip was. But yesterday I asked US Airways if they would change their position on hedging, if they were involved in consolidation, and it seemed to me like their answer was basically no, we think hedging doesn't make a lot of sense. So I guess my question for you is, given your balance sheet particularly, which I think should invite a little bit of commercial risk-taking, do competitor-hedged books factor into your decision to hedge to the degree that you do? Or is it more an internal risk tolerance decision?
John Rainey: Well, that's a great question, Hunter. And they absolutely do. I mean, fundamentally, I think, like you believe as well, we think that fares in this industry over a longer period of time need to respond to cost inputs, and our competitors need to have the same pressure in terms of those cost inputs for that to happen. And so clearly, we don't want to get too far out of balance with what our competitors are doing. That said, we have a pretty consistent policy with respect to our hedging. It's not really taking speculative positions, it's one more of risk management. I think that in this industry, when you're selling tickets out 6 to 12 months in advance, you're then exposed for movements in fuel prices after those tickets are sold, and that's why you see us hedged in that time period to protect against that and guard against volatility in our earnings.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, John. And a couple of years ago when Spirit -- maybe it was 1.5 years ago or so, when Spirit announced they were charging for carry-ons, Congress summoned a number of airlines CEOs to basically promise Congress that they would never do the same thing. Jeff, you were running Continental at the time, you were conspicuously absent, was that a scheduling conflict or is there any particular reason why you didn't show up for that hearing?
Jeffery A. Smisek: I guess I never received the call. I don't recollect.
Operator: From Evercore Partners, we have Duane Pfennigwerth online.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just following up on the regional question. Can you talk about your commitment to the Q, to the Q400 specifically, and is that some of the flying that you're transitioning or would you expect that to be replaced with RJs?
James E. Compton: Well, the Q400 is a plane that works very well for us, particularly in some of the shorter haul markets and some of our hubs like Houston and Newark. I think that we're going to continue to have that product in terms of the mix of that versus RJs. I can't speculate on that right now.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So even though Pinnacle's winding it down and returning them, you'd expect to have Qs in your fleet, is that fair?
James E. Compton: Yes. Yes.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the Asia Pac capacity trends, any relief on the horizon as you look over the June and September quarters?
James E. Compton: Duane, I'm sorry I missed that.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just the competing capacity trends, the pressure that you're seeing in Asia Pac, do you see any favorable relief on the horizon as you look out over the next couple of quarters with respect to...
James E. Compton: The competitive pressure will be there. I think our prospective LA-Shanghai, we lap [ph] in May. So a little bit of an offset there. But Chicago-Hong Kong, for instance, Cathay started last September. So that pressure will be there in the near term.
Operator: From Dahlman Rose, we have Helane Becker.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you just -- maybe this is for Jeff. There is a bit of a battle brewing in Houston with the city council set to consider next month whether or not they will approve the airport at Hobby's suggestion that they build an international terminal. Can you just talk about your thoughts with the opposition that you've talked about and so on, and how that changes your views towards Latin expansion?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure, Helane. And just to be clear, this isn't us fighting Southwest flying internationally. I mean we clearly compete against Southwest, and we do it very well every day. Intercontinental Airport is obviously a significant hub and a tremendous engine of the economy in Houston. And we and other airlines and the city have made a lot of investments in IAH, and it's become a premier international gateway, it's a superb hub and it works very well. And it has a great deal of connectivity, it's a high-connecting hub. And we need those connections, we and the other carriers who operate there, to fill the planes, obviously, to make all of the broad array of flights that we offer and competitors offer at IAH. And that airport has clearly has excess capacity for international flying. I mean, there are gates there that have only one flight a day, literally. So there's plenty of capacity and plenty of FIS capacity as well for the traffic. Our issue really is splitting the hub, turning -- having 2 hubs in effect, Houston competing against Houston, versus Houston competing against Atlanta or Miami or DFW. From a public policy perspective, it's a huge mistake. It will, clearly if that were to occur, it would reduce the flight opportunities at IAH, it would result in loss of air service, it would result in loss of jobs and it would result in wasteful spending and it would be extremely bad public policy for the city of Houston to do that.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Got you. The other question I have is with respect to your unit revenue growth, and maybe this is one for Jim or John. Are you concerned about the fact that your unit revenue is growing kind of half the industry average right now?
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. I think, obviously, we're always focused on our relative performance. But I also think that we are historically a high RASM carrier that ran historically high RASMs last year. So when I think about percentage growth and our relative percent, I actually want to think about it over a longer period of time. And so when I think about that, I think about where we're at in the integration, as I mentioned very early in the redeployment and so forth. So I think we're obviously very focused on that. From my perspective, I'm comfortable with it. And because of where we've come from, our high levels, and what we have coming forward, we get really excited about.
John Rainey: Helane, this is John. I would just add to that, that the change in frequent flyer accounting for us does affect our year-over-year RASM results. For the full year, it's a little bit less than a point. But the effect of that will become more pronounced in the second quarter where it's over a point of RASM headwind, and then it abates as we go through the balance of the year.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, when does TSA PreCheck come to Newark? By any chance, do you know that?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Helane, it's rolling out, and we'd like it in all of our hubs as quickly as we can get it. I think it's a tremendous program, and I've got to commend John Pistole for focusing on the importance of thoughtful security. So I think that we're big supporters of it, and we want to and we want and will be participating in it and we're working closely with TSA to get it done as quickly as we can.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Jamie Baker online.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Actually, I was also going to ask about PreCheck, just because it seems like you did with Wi-Fi, you've sort of ceded a competitive advantage to American and Delta, but I assume that's not a permanent decision then, Jeff?
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, absolutely not. No. I mean, now that we're in a position to do it now, and we will be doing it and Jamie, I hope you qualify.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My primary question is to Jim, you've obviously guided to an April RASM figure that looks like it'll be among the worst in the industry, so the statement that things are snapping back and returning to normal is a little bit difficult for me to reconcile only because we've been assuming that portions of the RASM deficiency were self-inflicted. You add some helpful disclosures on Asia, and I appreciate that. The competition has suggested that May is tougher than April, but June should at least equal April, maybe even improve on April's results, I know you dont want to give RASM guidance, but -- structurally for the next quarter, is there anything unique to United that wouldn't allow you to kind of move along the RASM change trajectory that the competition has laid out?
James E. Compton: Jamie, it's Jim. I think obviously there were industry comps last year, they were very strong, they were the comps that John just talked about. So to -- obviously, you're right, not commenting about RASM going forward. May was a very strong industry RASM last year and, for the industry, more so than June as you described. So I think from that sense, we based kind of the same profile for us, and then the question is are some of the other comps that are unique to us, how that fits into that.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Josh Freed from the Associated Press.
Josh Freed: You mentioned that there are some of the ancillary products that, if I understood you right, that are not available right now on the new -- kind of newly revamped website. So to the extent that, that's the case, does that mean that those products sort of don't exist right now for -- in terms of being available for new sales or are they still available through other channels or...
James E. Compton: Yes, this is Jim. They're not available through other channels. What we want to do is move them to the web as well as to kiosks at the airport, and that's the PSS gap that the team's working really hard to close. I want to say that -- again, we're excited about it because the ancillary products that we have are actually growing at a extremely strong rate. And so, overall, ancillary revenue is growing at a very strong rate, as we mentioned, at 7% in the first quarter.
Josh Freed: Sure. Do you have an estimate then for how much it's hurting that growth or hurting revenue, to not have those available right now?
James E. Compton: Yes. We wouldn't disclose that. It's not a really significant number, but it's part of a portfolio of products that customers enjoy in terms building the experience. Really, the goal for us is to bring the products so that the customer can participate and have choices. And so there's about half a dozen of them, all at different levels of performance. But I wouldn't want to mention what those are doing.
Operator: From Wall Street Journal, we have Susan Carey online.
Susan Carey: This is probably a question for Jim. I'm trying to -- I just want to make sure I understand this. You're saying you had a 1 percentage point of RASM reduction in the first quarter due to these various issues, the Shares conversion, what's going on in Asia Pacific and the revenue management cutover. But I'm wondering if you could just help me a little bit more on the latter. I guess you integrated the CAL revenue management system into the United system, I'm wondering when you did that and what caused this sort of reduction in your connecting traffic and how much was that a factor in this 1% reduction in RASM?
James E. Compton: So it's about half of the effect in terms of the connecting traffic of the total. And we can work with you offline. It's very technical, not to skirt the question. But revenue management systems are very sophisticated systems, and I think I'd use a lot of time trying to explain it, but we could probably help with that.
Operator: And from Bloomberg News, we have Mary Jane Credeur online.
Mary Jane Credeur: I want to elaborate on Jamie Baker's question. I think a number of us still have a little bit of bafflement over the explanation for that April RASM forecast. Can you talk a little bit more about what your biggest concern is about those underlying trends or are there 1 or 2 facets you can point to that give you the most heartache about it? I mean that's less than half of what your next biggest peer forecast, it's significantly smaller than what Airways forecast?
James E. Compton: This is Jim. My concerns are really kind of how quickly we can begin to innovate and chase the synergies and so forth, which we're actually starting to do now. So the underlying trends in April, that's where we're at. We actually are comfortable with where they're at given where we are in the migration -- in the merger and so forth. What the team is really focused on is one, closing what Jeff mentioned a lot, about gaps that we've learned about customer service due to the cutover, as well as spooling up the synergies that are associated with optimizing the network, that I mentioned in my comments, that we're moving to 15% of the flights -- of the mainline flights in the second quarter will be redeployment. So concerns I have are really just the team staying focused on achieving the things that we said we're going to achieve, and we feel really good about that, where we're at, and very excited about what we have coming forward.
Irene E. Foxhall: Okay. With that, we're out of time, so we're going to conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Media Relations if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Smisek - President & Chief Executive Officer  Jim Compton - Executive Vice President & Chief Revenue Officer Zane Rowe - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Tyler Reddian - Managing Director of Investor Relations Nene Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs
Analysts: Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Glenn Engel - Bank of America Jamie Baker - JP Morgan Kevin Crissey - UBS Gary Chase - Barclays Capital  Josh Freed - Associated Press Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News Ronnie Crocker - Houston Chronicle
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Continental Holdings earnings conference call for the full year and fourth quarter 2011. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference facilitator for today. Following the initial remarks from management we will open the lines for questions. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of this call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Ms. Nene Foxhall and Mr. Tyler Reddian. Please go ahead.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning everyone and welcome to United Continental Holdings full year and fourth quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Executive Vice President and CFO, Zane Rowe. Jeff will begin with some overview comments, after which Jim will review capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with the discussion of our cost structure, the balance sheet and guidance. Jeff will make a few closing remarks and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts and then from the media. We would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.  With that, I'll turn it over to Tyler. Thank you.
Tyler Reddian: Thank you Nene. Our earnings release and separate investor update were issued this morning and are available on our website at ir.unitedcontinentalholdings.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings press release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company.  A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of the call well be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the table at the end of the earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Our full year 2011 results are presented on a combined basis for United Continental Holdings. Full year 2011 results discussed today, including comparisons against prior year will be based on unaudited pro forma financial results for the combined company and include estimates of the impact of purchase accounting. For additional details, please refer to our investor updates issued during 2011 and the fourth quarter of 2010, which are also available on our website.  Unless otherwise noted, as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter we will be excluding special items, merger-related expenses and/or fuel hedged non-cash net mark-to-market gains and losses. These items are detailed in our earnings release. In the fourth quarter we reclassified revenue associated with our non-air mileage redemption through our MileagePlus loyalty program from passenger revenue to other revenue in 2010 and 2011 and these results have been adjusted to reflect the change. For additional information, please refer to our investor update issued today. And now Id like to turn the call over to Jeffery Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery Smisek: Thanks Nene and Tyler and good morning and thank you all for joining us for our 2011 full year earnings call. Today we reported net income of $1.3 billion for the full year or $3.49 per diluted share, delivering a 3.6% pre-tax margin. For the quarter we earned $109 million of profit or $0.30 per diluted share.  2011, our first full year as a merged airline was a year on many successes for the new United. We received our single operating certificate, made good progress with our labor groups, delivered record passenger revenue, exceeded our goal of achieving 25% of our merger synergies for the year and generated returns in excess of our cost of capital.  My co-workers worked together all year to run a clean, safe and reliable airline, while integrating our two subsidiaries. I am proud of the progress we made in 2011 and I thank my co-workers for all they did for the new United this past year. All their hard work paid off as we accrued $265 million of profit sharing for 2011. That represents about 5% of the eligible compensation of each participant in the program. My management team and I look forward to distributing profit sharing cheques to co-workers on Valentines Day, February 14, as we share in the profit that we all helped to create.  Ive been clear that were working hard to turn the new United into a real business; that is a business that sustainably generates returns in excess of its cost to capital. Sufficient and sustainable profitability will permit us to build the airline our co-workers want to work for, our customers want to fly and our investors want to invest in.  There is no doubt that 2011 was a challenging year for the U.S. and global economies, marked by a high end employment, slow GDP growth in the U.S. and across much of the globe, high and volatile jet fuel prices, the debt crises in Europe and the adverse impact of the tragic earthquake and tsunami in Japan.  Our ability to generate $1.3 billion of pre-tax earnings in this adverse environment is a testament to our financial and operational flexibility and company wide focus on sustained and sufficient profitability. While we made significant progress integrating the operations of our two subsidiaries in 2011, 2012 is the year that we will become one airline for our customers. We will have one brand, one website, one loyalty program and one name.  As Ive discussed with you before, the key to our becoming one airline for our customers is our conversion to a single passenger service system, which is known as shares and is the system currently used by our continental subsidiary. Our information technology, reservations and the airport services teams have developed and thoroughly tested our conversion.  The shares platform is already integrated with continental.com, which will be re-branded as united.com and will be our combined website. We have devoted significant training, staffing and technology resources to ensure the success of our conversion to shares, which will take place in early March.  After this conversion, all agents will be able to serve all our customers. We will be able to freely flow all our aircraft across our network and park at all our gates. We will have a single reservation system managing all our bookings and on our website and by phone and well have a single loyalty program and our lead levels for all our customers. The flexibility and functionality of shares are key to achieving our goal of delivering 75% of our annual expected merger synergies in 2012.  Once weve completed the conversion of shares, we will re-launch united.com, which will provide us with the right platform for innovation as we continue to develop new travel options and products that our customers will value and that will contribute to our bottom line. We will also launch our combined loyalty program MileagePlus. We are making significant investments in our onboard product, airport experience and our industry leading loyalty program and Im excited by what we have in store for our customers this year. We began installing Economy Plus on our Continental fleet in December and will complete our entire Boeing 757 fleet by early February. By the end of 2012 we expect to have our entire mainline fleet outfitted with Economy Plus. We continue to install our lie-flat seats on our international aircraft and we expect to have virtually all of our international aircraft reconfigured by the end of this year.  We will be the first U.S. airline to offer global in-flight connectivity when we begin our satellite based WiFi installation program in the second half of 2012. We will also begin a complete nose to tail overhaul of the interiors of our popular PS Trans-Con fleet later this year for flights between FJK and San Francisco in Los Angelus and when were done, we will have the best Trans-Con product in the industry. We continue to invest in a fuel-efficient fleet and expect to bring five Boeing 787 Dreamliners into service in the second half of the year. The Dreamliners will be a game changing aircraft and we eagerly anticipate its induction into our fleet. In addition to the Dreamliners, we expect to take delivery of 19 Boeing 737-900ERs with the Boeing Sky Interior this year. We are also focused on enhancing the customer experience at our airports. Just this past Monday we broke ground on the first phase of our billion-dollar investment in Terminal B at Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. In Chicago, we are installing additional jet bridges for our United Express Operation in OHares Terminal 2. We are refreshing the interiors of many of our United Clubs around the system and we are building a new club in Terminal 2 at OHare.  Since we merged a little over a year ago, weve already co-located operations at 66 airports and have common gate areas at more than 290 airports, making connections and airport navigation easier for almost 80% of all customers flying on our network. MileagePlus is the worlds leading loyalty program and we intend to keep it that way. We continue rolling out new ways for our customers to earn and redeem miles by expanding the number of business partners that participate in the MileagePlus loyalty network. The 2012 MileagePlus program launches in early March and features a new five tier elite program that recognizes and rewards our most valuable customers. We are expanding our customer service resources and the geographic footprint for our renowned global services program, our top elite tier.  We are also continuing to integrate our workgroups that have made significant progress to better align the pay benefits and work rules for several of our work groups, on the path to negotiating joint collective bargaining agreements. Our United technicians represented by the teamsters recently ratified a new contract that better aligned their compensation and work rules with that of their continental co-workers and we will soon begin the process of negotiating a joint collective bargaining agreement.  We recently reached a tentative agreement with the association of flight attendants for a new contract for our United flight attendants. The contract is currently up for ratification and when thats done, well begin the process of negotiating a joint agreement for our flight attendants.  We began negotiations for a joint agreement with our ramp co-workers and our customer service airport and reservation agent co-workers are currently in an election process to determine whether or not they wish to be represented by a union. Our engineers recently rejected union representation in favor of a direct relationship with the company.  We continue to have productive discussions with our pilots. The United Master Executive Council of the airline pilots association recently elected a new leader and we believe that he has a significant opportunity to engage constructively with the company and make progress on delivering a joint collective bargaining agreement that is fair to the pilots and fair to the company.  We are making significant strides towards becoming the worlds leading airline, but none of it would be possible without generating sufficient profitability. Returns in excess of our cost of capital allow us to invest in our product, our people, our fleet, our facilities and our technology and ultimately provide rewards to all of our stakeholders. We have much more work to do, but we are clearly on the right path. Before I turn it over to Jim and Zane to walk you through the numbers, I would like to extend my thanks to our customers around the globe for their ongoing loyalty and for supporting us as we work towards completing our integration. We are working very hard to continue to earn your business. Jim?
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff. I join Jeff in thanking our co-workers for their hard work this quarter and year and our customers for choosing to fly United.  Uniteds fourth quarter consolidated passenger unit revenue increased 8.2% and mainline PRASM improved 7.4% versus the fourth quarter of 2010. Yield improvements again drove our revenue gains this quarter. For the full year Uniteds consolidated unit passenger revenue increased 9.2% versus 2010, leading the US network carriers during a challenging economic backdrop.  Consolidated yield for the full year increased 10.6% year-over-year. Capacity discipline, fare management and the Uniteds outstanding route network drove the year-over-year yield in revenue growth.  Throughout 2011 we demonstrated our commitment to matching capacity to demand across the network. Our fourth quarter consolidated capacity decreased by 2.5% from the same period in 2010. Domestic mainline capacity decreased nearly 5% and Trans-Atlantic capacity declined 2% in the quarter as compared to last year. For the full year the company reduced consolidated capacity by 0.2% and mainline capacity by 0.3% year-over-year.  Fourth quarter domestic mainline PRASM increased 10.3% on a year-over-year yield increase of 9.8% and a capacity decrease of about 5%. For the full year domestic mainline PRASM increased 10.9% and a 10.6% increase in yields and a 2.8% decline in capacity versus 2010. This is an excellent full year result for the domestic mainline entity. Fares throughout the year remain higher due to successful fare increases, industry wide capacity discipline and early network optimization from our merger. Regional PRASM grew by 11.3% in the fourth quarter and 9.4% in 2011 compared to the same periods in 2010. International unit revenue increased 4.3% in the fourth quarter and 7.9% for the full year versus 2010. Fourth quarter and full year international yields improved 6.8% and 10.9% respectively. International capacity declined 0.3% in the quarter. Latin America again was Uniteds best performing entity this quarter and holds our top spot for the full year as well. Latin America PRASM drew 11.7% in the fourth quarter and 17.6% for the full year. Yields grew by more than 11% in the quarter and 19.5% for the full year. South America continued to significantly improve on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter with premium and economy PRASM up 17% and 15.5% respectively. Trans-Atlantic PRASM increased 3.7% year-over-year in the fourth quarter with yields up 6.5%. For the full year Trans-Atlantic unit revenue grew 5.1% and yield increased by 8.7%. Premium cabin demand to continental Europe and the UK was strong in the fourth quarter, with yields in PRASM up year-over-year. Middle East PRASM increased 5.3% and yields grew 6.4% with double-digit gains in the premium cabin.  Our Pacific network generated PRASM growth of 6.4% for the full year, with fourth quarter PRASM up 1.1%. Yields grew 9.3% during 2011 versus 2010 and 4.5% for the fourth quarter. Our pacific presence is unmatched in the industry and it remains one of our most profitable entities. China PRASM end yield in the economy cabin decreased during the quarter, but were partially offset by higher fares yield in PRASM in the premium cabin.  Corporate revenue continued to show steady improvement in the fourth quarter. Corporate yields grew 9% versus the fourth quarter 2010 and revenue improved 13%. For the full year our corporate revenue increased more than 14% with double digit yield growth and corporate fares up 9%.  Business today is more global than ever and we continue to develop the United network and product portfolio to be a single solution for the corporate traveler. Our corporate customer portfolio is comprised of a diverse group of industries and this diversity provides United a unique hedge against demand volatility in any one sector.  We have ongoing conversations with our corporate customers to best understand their near term travel needs and longer term outlook. Based on our most recent discussions, the majority of our global corporate accounts expect 2012 travel volumes to be flat to up and travel spend to moderately increase versus 2011, with first quarter trends expected to mimic the full year. Fourth quarter cargo revenue declined 8.1% versus the same period last year. We continue to feel the adverse impact of increased industry cargo capacity, particularly across the pacific. Cargo yields increased 5%, while cargo volumes decreased about 12% year-over-year.  During 2011 we generated approximately $250 million of revenue synergies, beating our expectation. We expect to generate significantly more revenue synergies in 2012, enabled largely by our conversion to a single passenger service system.  During 2011 we reduced capacity to right size our supply for the expected demand. In light of our latest demand projections and U.S. and global economic growth expectations for the year, we continue to believe that we should hold our capacity flat with a downward bias for 2012. We expect our first quarter 2012 consolidated capacity to be down slightly year-over-year. As a reminder 2012 is a leap year and as a result we expect to see capacity growth in February, which adds more than a point of capacity for the first quarter. We look forward to converting to a single passenger service system in early March, which will allow us to optimize our combined network and match the right aircraft with the right markets. While we have already done some modest optimization on a limited basis as opportunities arise, we plan to make more material schedule changes as we move through the year.  A single passenger service system is not just about the schedule; however, it also provides us the opportunity to introduce new ancillary products. Ancillary revenue this quarter grew by 5% year-over-year and for the full year we generated more than $2 billion in ancillary revenue.  Our existing portfolio with ancillary products and services, led by our Economy Plus seating is well received by our customers. Once we convert to shares, we will harmonize our ancillary product portfolio and begin to roll out new products for the new United.  That said, core passenger demand remained stable and solid and based on our latest forecast we estimate Uniteds January consolidated PRASM will increase approximately 11% year-over-year. Domestic yields continue to show strong improvement year-over-year and we have seen numerous fare actions recently to further improve the yield environment. This PRASM estimate is preliminary based on the data we have for January this far.  Looking further into the first quarter, we faced more difficult comps in February and March. Our advanced booked seat factor is solid, up one point domestically, however we do see a reduction in advanced book seat factor in the pacific, primarily due to the shift of the Chinese New Year from February last year to January this year, which moved bookings earlier in the year in 2012. With that Ill turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Jim. Id like to start by thanking the entire United team for all their effort in helping produce a strong profit in 2011, while managing through our merger integration.  Uniteds consolidated operating expense increased approximately 10% or $3.2 billion year-over-year in 2011 as fuel costs increased nearly $3 billion compare to the previous year. Excluding the impact of hedges, fuel prices rose 29% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and 38% for the full year.  Full year consolidated and mainline unit costs increased 10% year-over-year. Holding fuel rates and profit sharing constant, consolidated unit cost were up 1.1% as we continued company wide efforts to control costs and realize efficiencies from the merger. In the fourth quarter consolidated unit costs, the holding fuel rate and profit sharing constants were up 0.5% while we reduced capacity nearly 3%.  This year we made good progress integrating the two subsidiaries and generated over $400 million of synergy value, slightly exciding our expectations established at the time of the merger. In addition to the over $250 million of revenue synergies, our integration efforts yielded $150 million of cost synergies in 2011. We accrued an additional $23 million in profit sharing this quarter for a total of $265 million for the year.  Non-operating expense was $191 million for the quarter and $977 million for the full year. Interest expense decreased by nearly a $100 million this year, as we delevered the balance sheet and retired some higher priced debt. For the year we incurred $59 million of fuel hedge ineffectiveness expense associated with our WTI hedge positions.  Our fourth quarter profit was $109 million and our full year profit was $1.3 billion, generating a per-tax margin of 3.6% for the year. This resulted in a 11% return on invested capital, nicely exceeding our cost of capital. We are pleased with this result in light of the economic challenges we faced and it illustrates the improvements weve made managing through periods of adversity. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the year with $8.3 billion of liquidity, including an un-drawn $500 million revolving credit facility that we entered into during the fourth quarter. The facility provides attractively priced additional liquidity while we pay down debt and strengthen the balance sheet.  During the quarter we generated $265 million of operating cash flow and growth capital expenditures were $204 million. We again reduced debt this quarter, paying $494 million in debt and capital lease obligations, including $71 million of prepayments. For the year we paid down $2.6 billion of scheduled maturities and debt prepayment.  Reduced capacity in 2011 by two percentage points versus our expectations at the beginning of the year, as we responded to the rise in cost of fuel and the economic environment. As Jim mentioned, we currently expect our 2012 capacity to be flat to down for year and down slightly in the first quarter. We will continue to be prudent about our level of capacity deployment.  In 2012 we faced cost pressure as a result of our decision to increase investment in the business and inflation in certain areas. We are making a number of product improvements, such as increasing staffing at the airport to enhance our customers experience, deploying Economy Plus across the continental mainline fleet and improving our food offerings in the premium cabins.  We are chaining aspects of our maintenance program to improve the condition and reliability of our aircraft. We will also see cost pressure in some areas, including pension expense due to historically low interest relates, as well as wage and benefit expense as weve made progress on a number of our labor agreements.  We expect to achieve an incremental $200 million of cost synergies in 2012. As a result, we expect our consolidated unit costs, excluding fuel, profit sharing and in salary business expense to be up 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year in the first quarter and the full year of 2012.  As we disclosed in our December investor update, we are now excluding ancillary business expense from our core unit cost. The revenue associated with this is recorded in the other revenue line.  Ancillary business are those associated with activities that do not generate seat miles. These include components of the MileagePlus program such as non-air mileage revenue and redemption expense, as well as services for third parties including maintenance, ground handling and catering. Ancillary business expense is expected to be approximately $65 million in the first quarter and $340 million for the full year of 2012.  Based on the forward curve, as of January 18 we expect our consolidated fuel price to be $3.27 per gallon in the first quarter and the full year. Weve hedged approximately 48% of our expected first quarter fuel consumption at an average Gulf Coast jet equivalent of $3.24 per gallon. Weve hedged approximately 32% of our expected fuel consumption for the full year 2012 using a combination of collars, swaps and calls.  We have $1.3 billion of scheduled debt maturities and capital lease payments in the year. While we are committed to strengthening the balance sheet in 2012, we are also mindful of the need to invest in the business. We continue to refresh our fleet with modern, fuel-efficient aircraft and expect to induct into service 24 new aircrafts this year, comprised on five Boeing 787 Dreamliners and 19 737-900ER aircrafts. As a result we expect gross capital expenditures to be $2.3 billion in 2012 or $1.3 billion net of expected financing.  As we take delivery of new aircraft, we are retiring older, less efficient aircraft, improving the operating economics of the fleet. We are retiring 22 domestic aircrafts comprised on 17 737-500s and five 757-200s, as well as five international 767-200ERs.  In 2012 our team of more than 80,000 at United will focus on working together to generate value for all of our stakeholders, by building an airline with great service, competitive products and an unparallel rout network.  With that, Ill turn the call balk over to Jeff. 
Jeffery Smisek : Thanks Zane. Our results in 2011 were solid. Im proud of what my co-workers were able to accomplish in such a challenging year and I want to thank them all for their hard work. 2012 will be a very exciting year as we substantially complete our integration and continue to build the worlds leading airline; the airline customers want to fly, co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in. Ill now turn the call over to Tyler to open it up for questions. 
Tyler Reddian:   Thank you Jeff. First well take questions from the analyst community, then well take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Michelle, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Trahan. Please go ahead. 
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan:  Thank you. Good morning. 
Jim Compton: Good morning Hunter.
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan:  So I guess after Delta got its single operating certificate after the Northwest merger, there was a little bit of revenue dis-synergies that they experienced and they ended performing in the industry for a few months before really starting to outperform what really amounted about a year later after SOC. 
 :
Jim Compton: Hey Hunter, this is Jim. I think a couple of comments on that. I would first say that I dont think there was anything that was unexpected. One example Ill give you is that in early December we moved to a single optimizer in the revenue management perspective. In preparing for that, we tool a little bit more conservative view in how we would handle bookings and so forth and that would have an effect on yield closer in. So not unexpected, so I want to be sure that Im clear on that.  What we wanted to do was make sure that as we move into 2012 with the single optimizer, which is now forecasting from one system that we captured the synergies that we were expecting from that. So to your point, there are things that were happening. Still the other piece is that we are operating on two systems in a number of areas still.  As Jeff mentioned in his comments we are really looking forward to the PSS integration in March. That will allow us to begin to capture many of the synergies across the network. So I think your point is a good one, I think the synergies will begin to move quicker obviously after were passed PSS.  One of the things, and another example in that is that we are moving to the continental.com site we will be renamed united.com. So even through we moved past PSS, what well quickly do is close what we call as some of the PSS gaps, so that on united.com theres ancillary products such as premier line and other products like that that generate revenue that the continental.com sites did not have.  So there will be that period of time that well quickly, working with our technology folks to get those applications on to the new united.com site, which again will give us a little bit of time to recapture that revenue to move on and then at the same point begin to introduce new products. So I dont know if thats helpful, but I would say things arent unexpected, but we realize that for operating under two systems in certain areas, its not only difficult for our customers, our employees, that does create I call it some friction to invest in the network that were working through and well get it with PSS.
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan:
All right Jim, thanks. No, that is helpful. And Jeff, Id like to hear your thoughts on labor for a second here. You mentioned the new leadership, obviously United ALPA. Have you had conversations with Captain Hepper (ph) yet and do you feel like any kind of ground was lost with the transaction leadership, any kind of progress you would have made under our (Inaudible) ALPA administration and maybe a brief update on where you stand or the pilots stand on seniority less integration. Thanks. : 
Jim Compton : 
Sure. Yes, Ive visited with Jay already a couple of times, Jay Heppner (ph). I now have two Jays, so I have to distinguish between who is the Jay and I think in terms of progress loss, I think as the former United ALPA leader was sort of winding down, there was a period of time which we obviously couldnt really make a progress, but now that we have a new leader I think we can. I visited with Jay about this, so he really does have a tremendous opportunity, kind of an inflection point here to be constructive and responsible and to move this process forward and I hope that he will do so. : 
As for other details of the negotiations or the pilots discussions regarding a senior, a single seniored list, I wont comment on those, I dont think its appropriate at this time. : 
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan: 
All right, thanks. : 
Operator: 
Our next question comes form Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. : 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley : 
Hi there, good morning. Zane, a question on the guidance, the chasm guidance. When you gave it, does it include an assumption about occurring for future labor contracts or is that something that we have to work in later as we get closer to CBA. : 
Zane Rowe : 
Bill, it includes what we call from our normal GAAP assumption. So it includes what we are assuming today. : 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley : 
Okay and the Jim or Jeff, when you look back at your time at Continental, when you were dealing with competitor bankruptcies, did you notice that there was any material corporate market share gains or did that not really play a roll in discussion at that time. : 
Jim Compton : 
Yes, it really didnt play. I would say I really never saw significant change I think, particularly over time as the market place I think understands chapter 11 and so forth. So I think what we are seeing on the corporate side is really related to the network and the strength of the network as our sales force gets out there and communicates the value of this new enterprise going forward. So anything that we see, its really we think directly, really related to vast and correspondent to kind of our sales force talking about the value of the new enterprise. : 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley : Yes, so if there were any gains, then given the Americans bankruptcy would problem come more from their network changing and yours having an advantage; is that fair?
Jim Compton: Yes, I think thats right. I think the networks change as people understand. You mean its incremental value the new United now brings. I think that you will see that volume move appropriately. 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley : Okay, thats great. Thank you for the time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank : Hey, everyone. This is a question for Jim. Jim you talked about the Pacific being historically a very profitable part of the business and when you look at sort of where the bookings are, they are down a bit.  I know you pointed to the calendar with the New Year, yet you did highlight in the fourth quarter I guess the premium cabin to China was good domestic or the economy looked like it was actually PRASM and yields were down.  I mean are we also seeing besides the calendar, are we seeing a little bit maybe China in the midst of a soft landing here. I mean any additional color would be helpful, particularly when you look at maybe the Delta numbers and maybe because their pacific is more Japan oriented. They had a much higher PRASM gain in the quarter. What can you tell us about that? 
Jim Compton: Okay Michael. Just a couple of thoughts. I think as you think about China, I think its more related quite frankly to capacity. So for us in Chicago to Hong Kong, Cathay started flying in the market in September and so forth and so there is that increased capacity.  We have Shanghai flying, so over the year we started at that, transferring. They operate at really high revenue performances, but I do think those are things that put a pressure on the PRASM in China relative to Japan, because obviously if we look at our Japan versus China we see significant PRASM relative to what we are seeing in China. So I think its more the capacity side than anything.  What we are really comfortable about at this point is one of the high level profitability those markets bring to us, but we are also seeing good strength in the premium cabin even as we look forward and as much as you like to see the book load factor, Im always a little bit more happy that its in the leisure of things relative to the premium cabin. 
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank : Okay and then just as a follow-up on that, your ATI JV (Inaudible), that is now up and running right and what I just, I want to get a confirmation on that, and what have you seen since you started to integrate that. Does that include the Chinese routes or is it just purely the US and Japan. 
Jim Compton: Its the Japan routes in there and as well as the Singapore, Taipei, Im getting the list of the different Hong Kong markets that are off in that. So its a little bit, its a basket of different markets out there, now totally inclusive of all of the Pacific.  I would say that like the Trans-Atlantic its a phase-in type of JV, so a lot of the teams have been working very closely, harmonizing some of the pricing, quite frankly getting to know each other and how each company kind of thinks about the market place as we talked about the U.S. point of sale and ANA learns from that and we learn a lot from ANA on the Japan point of sale. So a lot of great work, but its a phased approach and its very early into the phase. 
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank :   Okay, very good, thanks. Thats all I need to know. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore Partners. Please go ahead. 
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners :  Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up to an earlier question regarding your systems cut over here in the first quarter. Is there a period of time around that, where you might sort of throttle back or maybe not be able to push as hard on revenue as you might otherwise. I understand there is synergy potential that you cant realize today thats on the other side of this, but Im just thinking, as we think about the cutover, is there a migration period where you might have to not push as hard as you otherwise would. 
Jeffery Smisek: Duane, this is Jeff. Around the date of the cutover, we are taking some of the load off the airports, but thats for a very short period of time. We are also obviously staffing up for that period of time, weve got a large number of people around the system who are experts in shares; they are called success teams around the systems, so we are confident about the cutover, but I think that that portion of it is actually fairly modest in terms of the revenue effect. 
Jim Compton: Yes Duane, this is Jim. Ill just add to it with my comments about moving to a single optimizer right. One of the reasons we wanted to move quickly working with our technology partners and the revenue management folks is so that we can be up and running as quickly as possible. So we are actually, the forecasting we are doing for demand is now an improved system, a one system across the whole network. So to Jeffs point, I think its really kind of a rounded data of PSS itself. 
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners:  Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes form Glenn Engel from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : Good morning, a couple of questions. When you touched on the underperformance of the Asian routes, but the European routes also look lower than the ATA data. Can you talk about what was driving that? 
Jim Compton: Yes, I thought we did pass the 2% in the Trans-Atlantic with about a 3.7% increase in PRASM. So I think in the Trans-Atlantic, really across our whole system, as you think about capacity discipline, weve always kind of  its very much adhered to capacity discipline, but also kind of stabled capacity and not having really big swings in capacity, because we think over the long term thats the best way to manage directly.  We very much know that that work we have, you cant duplicate it and the reason you cant duplicate it, because its built through a global network. I mean its built because of those gateways that we have in particular.  So we take a long term view of these markets rather than kind of a shorter term view that we feel really confident about. I also think that as we move across PSS, the way we are thinking about it, is that well begin to see how the traffic flows across the network, right and as traffic flows across the network and we are on a single code, a single optimizer, well keep our due-diligence on watching capacity, but we also wonder too where that traffics going to flow as we move forward. 
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : Did you say how much the yearly Chinese New Year is benefiting Januarys PRASM? 
Jim Compton: Yes, no I did comment on that. 
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : And finally on the cost side, Im looking at the non-sealed chasm growth of the mainline up about five, and the non-filed chasm of the right, regional down about six. Whats driving that big divergence? 
Jim Compton: Glenn, what period are you looking at? I mean I dont think  there is nothing there that
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : This is the forecast. 
Jim Compton: Right, so there is nothing there thats sort of out of the ordinary, more than what I talked about with some of the pressure that youve seen on salaries and the benefit line and then sort of the natural shift that you see, as you move more internationally, as we walk through the course of the year, we expect to see a little bit of cost pressures across the line items, but nothing more than that. 
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : But why would the regional be down so much? 
Jim Compton: That may just be a little bit of a mix issue as well, with some of the higher gauge regional aircraft and just shifting a little bit across the fleet there. 
Glenn Engel - Bank of America : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Hey, good morning everybody. 
Jim Compton: Hi Jamie.
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Jeff, on the subject of the March cutover to shares you spoke about having tested everything already, Im sure you have. But my question is, what happens if the cutover doesnt go as planed. I cant help but think about seeing for more gains, you know what, I couldnt shut the computer off. I mean can you
Zane Rowe: Jamie, Jamie, we have a couple of things. One, weve had four full-scale dress rehearsals and all the data transfers and all the things that were appropriate. We have numerous amount of support both from travel port which runs ALPA, our former PSS and HP, they run shares for us as well, an enormous amount of preparation, but we also of course are being prudent, have the ability during the conversion itself to roll back. We also have some ability to roll forward; that is to do some postponement as well if we need to. So weve been pretty thoughtful, careful and conservative in this. We are exceeding well prepared for it.  There are literally thousands of people that work on this, not only from a technology perspective, but the training of our United co-workers who have traditionally been working on ALPA, being trained in the shares and a large number of continental people in our success team literally around the globe for assistance. So Im confident that this will go as planed, but as you point out being prudent, we also have the scenarios in case if we have some unforeseen issues.  
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Perfect, thats what I hoped to here and second, just on the ancillary business expense, based on the restatements for last year, it doesnt look like these expenses, I guess this is designed that there is any particular seasonality to them, is that the right way to be kind of thinking about growth in the business going forward? 
Jim Compton: I think thats right Jamie. I think we touched on the MileagePlus component as being a great growth story. This portion of that will actually not have the same seasonal attributes that I would say is the portion obviously tied to the airline dose. So you are exactly right and thats where we expect to see the growth and expense, see the commeasure growth and revenue obviously on the other revenue line. 
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Yes, okay terrific. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Jim Compton: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Crissey  UBS: All right, thanks. Your CapEx number is kind of what I would have thought, but its a decent sized number with the fleet changes. How should we think about your maintenance CapEx when I look at Delta running at kind of 1314 overall, you guys running higher than that now. What is maintenance CapEx and would you expect to be able to generate free cash flow with your current CapEx for 12.
Jim Compton: Kevin I would break out the aircraft portion from what Id even call sort of aircraft related and other CapEx. Obviously even as you separate the acquisition of the new aircraft for this year, you still have a slight buy wave (ph) given all the improvements we are making in the products and all the improvement we are marking really across the fleet, whether its operational improvements or otherwise putting lie-flat beds on some of the light bodies and narrow bodies, so I would separate that.  We are clearly in a buy wave (ph) and weve also spread out our CapEx a little bit. We ended up a little bit lower than our guidance was for last year. So we are pretty comfortable with where we are, although Ill tell you, we are a little bit higher than where wed be normally and then the big bump that you see this year is driven by the 787s and obviously the 73s. 
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Okay, and in terms of just ability to generate free cash off of that type of CapEx. 
Jim Compton: I mean, we are still comfortable with what our projections are and our ability to generate free cash flow, yes. I mean obviously it depends upon your definition about how you think about the new aircraft acquisitions, but we are quite comfortable with those decisions and obviously especially with the 787. I mean that truly is a game changer and I think youll see the difference on the operating line items. 
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.  
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital :  Good morning everybody. I wanted to see if I could just ask one of Jim. In the fall-wint and started with reasonably comprehensive shift in the network as you were cutting capacity domestically. Just wondering what your experience is with revenue retention there and wondering if you feel like there are incremental opportunities to do that without sacrificing revenue and driving that home on the PRASM line. 
Jim Compton: Yes, a couple of comments. I think in terms of revenue retention, I think the revenue retention is there. I think it depends on the market and what we did. There are certain markets that we update with capacity given the new fleet that we have and to a certain extent its also like that piece of the up page is like a new market, right, that you wanted to school and build and so forth and you worked that and build it, as fast as the revenue management system learns about the capacity changes. But from a retention point of view we saw no loss in revenue given kind of aircraft relocation.  You know I think a lot of the things we did also were to drive PRASM was to do something that we think, particularly around holidays and thanksgiving and things like that, that historically werent done on one subsidiary that was done on the other. So all in all the changes weve made have worked pretty well. 
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: And do you think they kind of picked up immediately or is there some learning curve associated with that as well? 
Jim Compton: I think there is clearly, to be frank that there is some learning curve. Depending on the market again were right sizing it and so at a market where the gauge went down and demand was there, obviously we saw the revenue performance relative to it pretty immediately, but where youre up-gauging, you actually do need time to work in it and just let it spill out.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: 
 :
Jim Compton: No
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital:  Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Josh Freed from the Associated Press. Please go ahead. 
Josh Freed - Associated Press : Hi there. Can you say a little more about the switch over on the website. You mentioned that youre going to be taking continental.com and renaming that as united.com. Is there something in particular about the current continental site as opposed to the current united site that you are interested in maintaining? You know what is it that the customers are going to see I guess once you make that switch and why go with the Continental version rather than the United version. 
Jeffery Smisek: Well, the main reason, the fundamental reason is weve moved to the shares passenger service system and the continental.com works obviously off of the shared systems. So kind of the main driving force with the overall system that we moved to, that being shares. Both websites are terrific websites in the market place. They both get really high satisfaction rates from some of the research and so forth and both sites have lots of functionality, lots of different applications and so forth, but really the movement to continental.com was driven by the fundamental fact that we are on the shares now.
Josh Freed - Associated Press : All right. And have you said how long you expect that youll have integration expenses that were at the level that we saw in this most recent quarter. I think it was $173 million. I mean, is that the kind of thing we are going to see for many quarters to come or what point does that taper off? 
Jim Compton: Josh we dont typically forecast that portion on the expenses, but obviously as you would expect, at least through the first half of this year you would expect to see a similar run rate Id say. 
Josh Freed - Associated Press : All right, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Jane Credeur from Bloomberg News. Please go ahead. 
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Hi Jim. Ive got a question about the outlook for the rest of the year in Europe specifically. I know you guys addressed that a little earlier on the call and in the Investor Outlook, but it sounds like youre a little bit more optimistic than you were on the last call and that seems to be on line with what we heard obviously from your pears. Can you elaborate a little bit more about Europe? Have things bottomed and are they looking better than they did? 
Jim Compton: This is Jim. I think its focusing specifically on Europe. We do see the book load factor down year-over-year. We are seeing strength in the premium cabin versus the economy cabin, which does say that the challenges in the euro zone, from the economics and so forth is having more of a difficult time on the leisure traffic, but clearly the business traffic, particularly out of the US is still relatively strong as we talk to our corporate travel partners. But there is a softening in demand as a result of the issues that are happening in Europe. 
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: And a question about the New York market, theres a lot of activity happening there. Delta and US Airways have got their slots approved and they are about to pull the trigger on those schedule changes soon. Deltas got their new JFK terminal that will open soon. American Airlines has been a little distracted by the bankruptcy. What does all this mean to the New United for both business and leisure passengers out of New York and are you winning market share there. 
Jim Compton: Well, our market share is very steady and we do see shares shifting among other carriers, but our market share is very steady in the New York area. For us its business as usual. Weve been there a long time; weve been in markets; weve invested in the facility; we continue to invest in the facility over the years with lounges and so forth, so for us its kind of business as usual.  At the same time knowing that it is a competitive market place, so our sales force is out there as I mentioned earlier, talking about the value of this network and the value that it brings to the enterprise. But New York for us is actually a very interesting market thats different than other folks, right, in terms of our ability to use that facility.  Its more than just about the local market, right. Its a terrific connecting hub and most of the connections through our hub are actually international. So we are the only carrier that has really what I call the true connecting hub, single connecting hub in New York, so for us thats strength. We see steady market share as I mentioned and we think the benefits of the network and as give PS, past PSS we will actually bring more value to the customer in New York. 
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News:   So you anticipate that market share is climbing in the next few years? 
Jim Compton : We are about managing towards returns and so I want to be careful when I talk about market share, because what we are really trying to do is generate stable and sustainable profits, right and our New York strategy is going to play in that, just as much as it plays across our whole network. 
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Great, thank you Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronnie Crocker from Houston Chronicle. Please go ahead.
Ronnie Crocker - Houston Chronicle : Thanks. I have a question about Houston specifically. When you talk about the capacity and what happened in 2011 which forecasted in 2012, where does Bush Intercontinental stand and  Im sorry, Bush International Airport stand and how did the Latin American growth effect that. 
Jeffery Smisek: Ronnie, this is Jeff. Our Houston hub is our largest by departures and its an incredibly important part of our network, its our gateway to Latin America. Latin America right now is a very strong entity for us. Weve had significant year-over-year unit revenue growth. It is an important market for us; it will remain an important market for us. Youve seen us recently announce a new international service out of Houston. We started Houston Legos (ph); weve announced Houston Auckland. I think you will continue to see Houston be very important to the new United. 
Ronnie Crocker - Houston Chronicle: And so do you see any flights being cut out of here and when these five new Dreamliners arrive, how many of them will be flying in or out of Intercontinental? 
Jim Compton:  Hey Ronnie, this is Jim here. A lot of those plans arent formalized now, but adding on to Jeffs points now, weve launched Houston Lego (ph). Just last week our Chief Operating Officer there was breaking ground on Terminal B, Phase I expansion. So to Jeffs point, its our biggest hub. Quite frankly our corporate travel business, the biggest factor is our energy business. So Houston is really important to us and its going to be really important to us in the future. 
Ronnie Crocker - Houston Chronicle: Okay, thank you. 
Nene Foxhall: Okay with that we are out of time, so well conclude. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Please call me at the relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Good-bye. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery A. Smisek - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee James E. Compton - Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President Zane Rowe - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tyler Reddian - Managing Director of Investor Relations Irene E. Foxhall - Executive Vice President of Communications & Government Affairs
Analysts: William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joshua Freed - The Associated Press Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Continental Holdings Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2011. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]  This call is being recorded and is copyrighted. Please note that no portion of this call may be recorded, transcribed or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your hosts today, Ms. Nene Foxhall and Mr. Tyler Reddian. Please go ahead.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to the United Continental Holdings third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and CFO, Zane Rowe; and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman.  Jeff will begin with some overview comments after which, Jim will review capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with the discussion of our cost structure and the balance sheet. Jeff will make a few closing remarks, and then we will open the call for questions, first from analysts, and then from the media. We would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Tyler.
Tyler Reddian: Thank you, Nene. Our earnings release and separate investor update were issued this morning and are available on our website at ir.unitedcontinentalholdings.com.  Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings press release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance.  All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors.  Also during the course of the call, we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy which is available on our website.  As with last quarter, we will present our third quarter 2011 result on a combined basis for United Continental Holdings. All prior period results discussed today, including comparisons against prior periods, will be based on unaudited pro forma results for the combined company and include estimates of the impact of the purchase accounting.  For additional details, please refer to our investor updates issued during 2011 and the fourth quarter of 2010, which are also available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, as we walk you through the numbers for the quarter, we will be excluding special items, merger-related expenses and/or fuel hedged noncash net mark-to-market gains and losses. These items are detailed in our earnings release.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Tyler and Nene, and good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today, we reported a net income of $773 million for the third quarter or $2 per diluted share, delivering a 7.7% pretax margin for the quarter. We closed the margin between United and Continental Airlines a little over a year ago. We are working together to build the world's leading airline, the airline that our customers want to fly, our co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in.  I'd like to thank all of my coworkers for their hard work over the past year maintaining their focus on delivering clean, safe and reliable air transportation to our customers, while we integrate these 2 great airlines.  Despite the challenges of integration, we delivered solid operational and financial performance during the quarter. We accrued an additional $152 million of profit sharing during the quarter for a total of $242 million accrued for profit sharing year-to-date.  In addition, during the first 9 months of 2011, we paid $27 million in on-time performance bonuses to coworkers. I look forward to distributing profit-sharing payments on Valentine's Day next year based on our 2011 full year earnings.  We improved our balance sheet again this quarter, reducing total debt, including capitalized aircraft operating lease obligations by $469 million. We remained focused on derisking the business and improving the strength of our balance sheet.  While we are pleased with the results this quarter, we are mindful of the uncertainties surrounding the global economy. Despite the concerns we all read about, we are not currently seeing a reduction in business demand, as Jim will discuss later in the call.  Our third quarter revenue results demonstrate the power of our network and capacity discipline. With PRASM up 10.1% for the quarter. Should we see demand decrease however, we will respond nimbly and appropriately by decreasing capacity and taking cost out to help ensure we remain profitable throughout the business cycle. The capacity reductions we implemented with our September schedule are paying off. We right sized the airline for the expected reduction in fourth quarter leisure demand due to the higher fares we've put in place as fuel prices rose earlier this year.  Our current plans for 2012 reflect consensus expectations for sluggish economic growth in 2012 and our goal of generating sustainable and sufficient profitability.  We will maintain our 2011 consolidated capacity level again in 2012 for the second year in a row effectively keeping United the same size it was in 2010, and 8% smaller than it would have been on a pro forma basis in 2007. We will continue to optimize our network, reducing our domestic capacity as we retire older, less fuel-efficient aircraft, reconfigure domestic wide-body aircraft for international service and implement Economy Plus on the Continental fleet. United will take delivery of 5 Boeing 787 Dreamliners next year, with the first coming into service in the second half of 2012. As a result, we expect to grow international capacity in 2012, as this game changing aircraft creates new profitable market opportunities.  One of the major impediments to creating economic value is the crushing tax burden that the U.S. airline industry faces, with about 20% of the typical ticket price paid in taxes today. And that doesn't even include income taxes.  Airlines currently pays 17 different federal aviation taxes and fees in the U.S. totaling $16.5 billion in 2010. Unfortunately, Washington is attempting to make U.S. airlines its piggy bank once again.  The U.S. airlines have lost a total of $55 billion over the past 10 years. Now Washington is proposing $35 billion of additional taxes over the next 10 years. We are already taxed more heavily than alcohol, tobacco and firearms. We are taxed as a sin. We are not a sin. We connect people and cultures. We transport cargo. We are drivers of the economy. We bring business and job growth to our hubs and spoke cities. We contribute $1.2 trillion to the U.S. economy each year. If this crushing $35 billion of additional taxes becomes law, we will have no choice but to raise fares, reduce service, eliminate service to some communities and reduce the size of our workforce. Simply put, this tax proposal is a jobs killer.  We also face the potential for an additional tax burden in the form of the European Union emissions trading scheme. We are committed to the environment and reducing our fuel burn benefits both our business and the environment. At the new United, we're proud of our combined track record, as we've improved aircraft fuel efficiency by 32% since 1994.  The EU emissions trading scheme is an extraterritorial, unilaterally-imposed patchwork tax rather than a unified global solution for aviation emissions. More than 20 countries, including the U.S., China, Russia, India and Japan, have stated their opposition to this tax and reinforced the belief that it violates international law.  While these potential taxes and other new challenges threaten our ability to achieve our long-term financial goals, we remained focused on the most significant opportunity currently available to us: completing the integration of our 2 great airlines, and unlocking the full $1 billion to $1.2 billion of annual synergy value.  We made progress with our integration again this quarter. We introduced our new loyalty program effective in the 2012 program year. We're very excited about the new program and made a number of changes designed to better differentiate between elite tiers and provide incentives to our customers to earn the great benefits that Mileage Plus offers by engaging in behavior that more directly benefits United.  We also introduced our new cobranded credit card, the Explorer card, with our credit card partner Chase, and we are very pleased with the growth of that card to date.  Since closing the merger, we have completed co-location at 53 airports and now have a single point of check-in at 75% of the airports we serve worldwide. We have re-branded our hubs in Cleveland, Denver, Houston, Narita, Newark, O'hare and San Francisco. We've also re-branded an additional 30 stations that we serve. We also recently unveiled our combined airport lounge program, the United Club.  These are not the only changes you'll see as we continue to improve the products and services that we provide to our customers. We recently announced an investment of more than $550 million in our product onboard our existing aircraft.  Soon, we'll be -- soon we will finish installing our flat-bed seats in all our international premium cabinets. We will also improve the in-flight entertainment experience by adding streaming video on our 747 fleet, and rolling out wireless Internet connectivity across our entire mainline fleet.  On our domestic fleet, we'll add overhead bin space and refresh the interiors of our Airbus aircraft and completely overhaul the interiors of our popular p.s. transcontinental flights. When we're done with our p.s. fleet, it will be the best transcontinental product in the sky.  Of course we're also rolling out Economy Plus across the entire Continental mainline fleet, and we'll be offering the popular Channel 9 air traffic control audio on our Continental aircraft.  Our integration progress is moving forward behind the scenes as well. We continue to work closely with the FAA and are on track to achieve our single operating certificate by the end of the year.  In fact, in the next month, we'll have more than 90% of the processes and procedures that align the operations of our 2 subsidiaries implemented. We're making good progress towards a single passenger service system by the end of the first quarter next year, and have already begun training our coworkers to prepare them for that system.  We're working closely with our labor groups and are making good progress. We already have agreements in place with our Continental subsidiary flight attendants, mechanics and below the wing agents.  We're currently in negotiations with our United subsidiary flight attendants, focusing on a few key issues within a tight timeframe in order to try and reach a new agreement by January, to be promptly followed by negotiations for joint collective bargaining agreement.  We're also engaged in expedited negotiations with the IBT for our United subsidiary mechanics, and we believe we will have a new contract proposal in the near future, again, to be followed by negotiations for joint collective bargaining agreement.  After the recent conclusion of the representation election for our below the wing agents, we're starting negotiations next month with the IAM for a joint agreement for that work group [ph]. The representation process has begun for our above the wing customer service and reservations agents, with the IAM recently filing a request with the National Mediation Board for single-carrier status.  Finally, we're making progress with our pilots and are hopeful that with the recent election of a new MAC Chairman at the United subsidiary that we can move the process forward. We are committed to providing our employees with a competitive pay and benefits that they deserve.  However, any agreement must be fair to our coworkers and fair to the company. In this uncertain economic environment, I am very certain of one thing: The significant potential of the new United. We are well positioned to create economic value as we work together to create the world's leading airline.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim and Zane to review the revenue environment and financial results.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank our coworkers for their hard work this quarter.  United's third quarter consolidated and mainline passenger unit revenue both increased 10.1% year-over-year, an outstanding performance in the slow growth economy. Regional PRASM improved 9.6% versus the third quarter of 2010.  Since closing our merger last year, we have often talked about United's unmatched global network and hub structure. And while we are still early in our network integration efforts, we are seeing the significant value of those assets as we generate revenue and yield premiums relative to the industry.  As with prior quarters this year, yield growth and capacity discipline drove United's third quarter revenue results. Consolidated yields were up 10.9% year-over-year in the third quarter.  The company reduced third quarter mainline domestic capacity by 2.3% year-over-year and mainline domestic PRASM increased 10.9% versus third quarter 2010.  Third quarter mainline international PRASM decreased 9.2%, and yield improved 11.6% versus 2010, with international capacity growing 0.6%. Latin America remains our best-performing international entity this quarter. With unit revenue up 21% driven by a 22% increase in yields compared to last year. South American demand continues to grow at a quick clip, resulting in PRASM and yield increases of nearly 25% this quarter.  Trans-Atlantic PRASM increased 7.3% year-over-year in the third quarter with yields up 9.4%. Europe results were notably weaker than those of the emerging trans-Atlantic markets.  The Middle East PRASM increasing 15%, and India PRASM increasing 14% year-over-year. Fares in these markets were up considerably, nearly 12% in the Middle East and 16% in India versus third quarter 2010, reinforcing our decision to take advantage of international growth markets.  During the quarter, we reduced our trans-Atlantic capacity by 1.6%, reducing and down gauging flights to Europe, which were not generating returns in line with our goals and expectations.  Our Pacific network saw a solid yield increases this quarter, with yields up 9.9% and PRASM up 6.5% year-over-year. The Japan market continues to recover from the tragedy last March with PRASM increasing 9.8% in the third quarter.  Corporate revenue continued to show a steady improvement. Corporate yields grew solidly, increasing 13% versus third quarter 2010, and increasing nearly 25% versus third quarter 2009. We run our airline with the business customer in mind. We are focused on growing United's relevance and attractiveness to the high-yield business traveler through product investments, improved schedule utility, connectivity options and service to the right markets. In order to generate revenue compensatory with service we provide our customers, we must be disciplined in our capacity and asset deployment. We regularly evaluate the performance of each flight and markets we serve, and reallocate assets if a route is not generating sufficient returns.  During 2011, we have appropriately reduced capacity to right size our supply for the expected demand. As a result, PRASM for the first 9 months of 2011 increased 9.7% year-over-year, an excellent result during a period of extremely low U.S. and global GDP growth. We continued to refine our 2011 capacity and further reduced our fourth quarter capacity plans.  We now expect fourth quarter mainline capacity to be down about 3.5% and consolidated capacity to be down more than 3% versus 2010, resulting in our expected full year 2011 consolidated capacity to be down nearly 0.5%.  As Jeff mentioned, we continually evaluate the demand environment. And based on the information we currently have, we expect the demand environment to remain stable. Accordingly, we expect our full year 2012 consolidated capacity to be essentially flat versus 2011.  As we've demonstrated throughout this year, we are prepared to respond with further reductions if the demand environment deteriorates. As we prepare for the migration to a single passenger service system in the first quarter of next year, we have slowed the introduction of new ancillary products and services. As we have concentrated our IT resources on making sure the migration occurs successfully and on-time. Our emphasis on driving ancillary revenue growth has not changed, however, and ancillary revenue this quarter grew by 5% year-over-year.  United successively introduced the fee for the second piece of checked baggage into many new geographies during the quarter. United now has the industry's broadest global footprint for this important cost recovery mechanism covering travel between North America and Europe, Israel, the Middle East, India, China, Hong Kong, Korea, Australia and most of South America.  Customers continued to show their preference and willingness to pay for extra space in coach, with the revenue from our seat up-sell programs increasing nearly 17% in the third quarter as compared to last year. We look forward to introducing Economy Plus on our subsidiary Continental fleet beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. Third quarter cargo revenue declined 2.4% versus the same period last year. Substantially higher industry cargo capacity, particularly in Asia, as the new industry freighter capacity came online earlier this year somewhat offset the benefit resulting from a 40% increase in fuel surcharges year-over-year.  Overall, cargo yields were up 15%, while cargo volumes were down about 15% year-over-year. We continue to generate synergies in line with our expectations and eagerly anticipate our transition to a single passenger service system in the first quarter next year. Once we are on 1 platform, we will be able to better market our products, better service our customers, better sell ancillary products and better flow aircraft throughout our global network.  As I mentioned, passenger demand remains good and based on our current outlook, we estimate United's October consolidated PRASM will increase a bit more than 10% year-over-year. This PRASM estimate is preliminary based on the data we have for October thus far.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jim. I'd like to start by recognizing the entire United team for all the effort in helping generate strong third quarter results despite high fuel prices and tepid economic growth.  United's consolidated operating expense increased approximately 11% or $886 million year-over-year in the third quarter, primarily as a result of higher fuel prices.  Excluding the impact of fuel hedges, fuel costs rose $1 billion year-over-year as fuel prices increased 44%. Consolidated fuel expense, including the benefit of our hedges, increased $843 million year-over-year, a 33% increase. Consolidated unit cost for the third quarter increased 11.7% year-over-year and mainline unit cost increased 11.3%.  Our consolidated unit cost, holding fuel rate and profit sharing constant is up only 0.7% despite a nearly 1% decline in capacity year-over-year.  Company-wide, we're doing a good job managing cost throughout the year and this is reflected in our quarterly cost performance. During the quarter, we faced some of the same inflationary pressures that we saw in the second quarter primarily in the areas of aircraft maintenance and salaries and related cost.  Maintenance cost increased largely due to the escalations in certain engine contracts. Salaries and related costs increased year-over-year from higher wage rates and longevity increases. These were partially offset by reduced management headcount.  As Jeff mentioned, our integration efforts and achievements of synergies are progressing well, and we expect to reach our synergy targets for 2011. We accrued an additional $152 million in profit sharing this quarter for a total of $242 million year-to-date. Profit-sharing payout of course, will be based on our full year profitability.  Nonoperating expense was $275 million in the quarter, up $46 million year-over-year. Interest expense declined $39 million due to lower overall debt levels. However, this was offset by a $56 million fuel hedge ineffectiveness expense associated with our WTI hedge positions due to the dislocation between WTI and jet fuel.  This charge was about $20 million higher than we expected when we provided guidance late last month due to an even further dislocation between WTI and jet fuel towards the end of the quarter.  Our third quarter pretax income was $780 million, a 7.7% pretax margin. While this is a seasonally strong quarter for the airline, we are pleased with our performance in light of the weak economic backdrop.  For the last 12 months, our pretax margin was nearly 4% and our return on invested capital was 12%. This quarter was another positive step in achieving our long term objective of generating returns in excess of our cost of capital.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with an unrestricted cash and short-term investment balance of $8.4 billion. Reduced totaled debt this quarter paying $469 million in debt and capital lease obligations, including a $170 million of prepayments.  We have reduced our total debt, including capitalized aircraft lease obligations by $2.1 billion year-to-date. During the quarter, we generated $385 million in operating cash flow, and gross capital expenditures were $196 million.  As we continue to generate free cash flow, we intend to invest in our business and to strengthen our balance sheet. We expect our fourth quarter consolidated capacity to be down more than 3% year-over-year and we expect our consolidated CASM, excluding fuel and profit sharing, to increase between 1.5% and 2.5% year-over-year.  We anticipate our fourth quarter costs will be modestly higher than originally expected, primarily due to a higher year-end liability adjustments related to workers compensation and pilot long term disability, both of which are affected by the decline in treasury rates.  Based on the forward curve as of October 20, we expect our consolidated fuel price to be $3.15 per gallon in the fourth quarter, a year-over-year increase of nearly 30%. We've hedged approximately 56% of our expected fourth quarter fuel consumption at an average Gulf Coast jet equivalent of $3.23 per gallon.  We've hedged approximately 34% of our expected fuel consumption for the first half of 2012. In the fourth quarter, we expect growth capital expenditures to be about $300 million for a total of just over $900 million for the full year.  We're monitoring the economic environment closely, and we're taking a conservative view in our planning for 2012 with essentially flat capacity expected year-over-year. We are prepared to take additional actions, including reducing capacity further should economic conditions warrant it.  As we've mentioned previously, a fundamental component of our fleet strategy is incorporating flexibility, allowing us to resize the fleet to best match the demand environment, while continuing to improve fuel efficiency. As we optimize our network, we plan to reduce both domestic capacity and our domestic fleet counts in 2012. We're converting 14 Boeing 767 300 aircraft from the domestic configuration to our international configuration with flat-bed business first seats and Economy Plus.  We're also upgrading fuel efficiency of our domestic fleet by taking delivery of 19 new 737-900ER aircraft in 2012. We plan to retire 19 less efficient narrow-body aircraft from the fleet comprised of 14 737-500s and 5 domestic configuration 757-200 aircraft.  We're planning modest international capacity growth in 2012 as we take advantage of market opportunities enabled both by the merger and next-generation aircraft technology.  In addition to the 767s that we will redeploy internationally, we're expecting to take delivery of 5 787 Dreamliners, which will enter service in the second half of the year. As a result, we expect to retire older less fuel-efficient wide-body aircraft, removing additional 767-200s and a 747 from the fleet.  A goal at United is to create economic value over the business cycle. And our performance this quarter highlights our progress. Our team of over 80,000 is working hard to leverage our industry-leading network, our operational reliability, fuel-efficient fleet and investments in our product to become the world's leading airline.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Zane. As this quarter's results demonstrate, we're delivering solid financial results while making significant progress integrating our 2 airlines. This is a challenging industry with significant competition and a brutal level of taxation to overcome. That said, we have the right network, the right product and the right people to deliver on the promise of the new United as we work together to create the world's leading airline.  I'll now turn it over to Tyler to open up the call for questions.
Tyler Reddian: Thanks, Jeff. First, we'll take questions from the analyst community then will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hey, 2 questions, I guess, maybe -- these both, maybe, for Zane. When I look at your CapEx in the guidance versus, I think, the last time we saw it, it looks like it's down about $100 million -- maybe $125 million. Is that -- does that reflect maybe taking delivery of maybe 1 or 2 less 787s next year? What's behind that decline?
Zane Rowe: No, Mike. What -- the only guidance we've given is 2011, and you are correct in that the CapEx has moved down moderately. As we look at the integration and integration expenses and how we spend that money, there's mostly just timing differences there. And we continue to be fairly thorough on how we view CapEx in the company.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question, Zane -- I mean, I really appreciate the fact that you are providing your return on invested capital, I believe, you said 12%. Can you give us a feel for maybe the weighted average cost of capital? Or if we go back, I think, last quarter, you did indicate that the 12% was well in excess of your cost of capital. I guess, I would ask regarding the cost of capital, if you can't give a -- maybe, a range, is the equity piece, is that being calculated based on your book equity? Or is that a function of the market value of your equity?
Zane Rowe: Sure, Mike, it's a good question. When we calculate the return on invested capital, we go back to the more traditional sort of textbook approach to calculating that, which is how you derive the 12%. But if you're asking about the weighted average cost of capital, that's obviously as you highlighted driven by a number of variables. We estimate depending on betas and a number of the inputs, but that number is somewhere between 8% and 9% for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe for Jim. Thanksgiving and Christmas, can you talk about how their booking? Since they have a bit longer booking curve than the other periods, I imagine?
James E. Compton: Yes, Kevin. This is Jim. Right now, we're really comfortable with our holiday bookings. And the comp to [ph] the demand is looking good over the holidays, particularly the peak days, which were also revenue managing those days. And in addition, and kind of in line with our capacity discipline strategy, we're taking a lot more aggressive approach on kind of day/week cancellations, particularly in the sub UA network this Thanksgiving versus the past. So looking at the holidays, we feel really comfortable with where we're at.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And if we were to think about the year comparisons, I know there were some storms last year such in December, et cetera. But the comparisons get in December are easier from a RASM prospective? I know the revenue growth isn't as high, but is that the way to think about it? I'm trying to see how the quarter might progress from your 10% on, and I know you don't guide to it but just comp wise.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Yes. You're right. We don't really guide to the revenue performance. I think that if you look at the third quarter in terms of where yields are at and I think we see the environment relatively stable. And so we feel really comfortable with kind of where the fare structures at as well as bookings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to ask a couple on the Atlantic. Couple of your competitors, and if I'm not mistaken, you're alliance partner noted that there was a little bit of softness. I know you said that you haven't seen it yet. I'm wondering if -- what your thoughts are there? And if Jeff's comment about acting nimbly can and does apply in the JV structure, can you respond quickly within that construct?
James E. Compton: Hey, Gary. A couple of points. This is Jim. First of all, on kind of our performance. Our performance has also been tied to the capacity discipline so we made adjustments obviously even in the third quarter. So our RASM performance in the third quarter trans-Atlantic of the 7.3%, I believe, is actually our best year-over-year of the quarter so far this year. And I think that's a function of reflecting, being ahead of the fact that the demand and some of the economic issues in Europe and everything adjust capacity. So that strategy, that nimbleness, as Jeff kind of mentioned in his comments, will go forward. And then the other piece with the JV, the 2 -- both companies, the structure has both network teams very much in communication with each other. And they look at opportunities. They look at the challenges, right? In the past, we've seen things as -- done some day or week cancellation, and by using our partner Lufthansa over Frankfurt, but still served the markets, right? And so been able to do a lot of things like that. That's an example of how the 2 companies have worked together. And so I think the things that you're reading today of the capacity, the 2 network teams are always in contact with each other to try to kind of optimize the JV across the trans-Atlantic.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then just other quick clean up. The Middle East and India RASM numbers, you said they were gaining more year-on-year on an absolute basis. So they even close to established Europe right now?
James E. Compton: Are they -- what's that? Are they...
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The absolute performance, instead of the year-on-year -- I mean, are they as profitable?
James E. Compton: Yes. Obviously, there's a length of haul and things like that, but I would say, yes, they're relatively close [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Might as well keep Jim in the hot seat. I'm curious if corporate demand trends are fairly unified or if any standout at the moment. Obviously, your network tends to occupy Wall Street for lack of better term more than most of your competitors. So I'm principally interested in any trends at the financial services firms.
James E. Compton: Jamie, this is Jim. Yes, I think on the corporate side, we talked about demand being relatively stable. I would say it's directly also related in to our corporate business overall. We talked about that 13% increase in yield. And so we're seeing kind of that stable corporate demand. And as you know, Jamie, the window is relatively close in because of the booking curve of the corporate demand. As I look through kind of the different corporate accounts, I think, on a relative basis, there is more of softness in the financial services and so forth relative to -- for instance, the pharmaceuticals, which we have a terrific presence over on the Jersey side and so forth, as well as the oil industry and some of the consulting. On a relative basis, yes, I think there -- we can obviously see some of the softness in the financial service.
Jamie N. Baker - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And as a follow-up to that, Delta's given some examples of where their unified network is attracting corporate share that they otherwise couldn't target pre-merger. Your network integration is obviously not as mature, but some of that share capture is just going to be natural as opposed to marching in and signing up new contracts. I'm wondering what inning you would say that you're in, in terms of capturing your fair share of the corporate wallet. Is the shift just beginning? Is it close to ending? Or kind of somewhere in between?
James E. Compton: Yes, I think the team is really on kind of a good timeline. We're in the first phase of really explaining the value to our corporate partners of this new network. And so I think we are seeing some of the initial things that -- Jamie you referred to kind of a natural as you bring these networks together generating corporate share. But we're actually very early on to it and we're getting really good feedback as the corporate team is working with the -- talking about the value. For instance, in New York -- it's more about the local market for us in New York, having the only connecting hub in the New York area. So I'd like to think we always have a seat for our high yield passenger. The RNP manages that. And so we have that high-yield connecting in New York as well as the local. And so the network, the integration brings a lot of that to the table. So we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Zane, will -- should we be thinking about -- as we're modeling out 2012, will there be a timing mismatch between when some of the costs changed? Whether you can start to get synergies? Or you've got to start to pay labor more versus when you kind of get the productivity from that? Is there going to be sort of lumpiness that we should be thinking through?
Zane Rowe: It depends on how you're looking at that but on a gross basis, I think, we're expecting moderate improvements and have actually, I think, taken a good first step this year and obviously, we expect further improvements next year. On the labor side, we don't typically get into what we're accruing for or what we're not accruing for. So a lot of that is just based on our sort of gap assumptions at any point in time. So I guess from your perspective depending on how you're modeling it, you may see some lumpiness just on the expense side.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, the Pacific, have we fully recovered now sort of post-earthquake in that region? Or is there sort of more catch-up to go?
James E. Compton: Hey, Bill. Yes, this is Jim. I think there's still -- it's performing -- I mean, recovering really well, but there's still more progress to be made on that from the tragedy. And -- but we see kind of the industry where the Japan point-of-sale versus the U.S. point-of-sale is probably recovering quicker than the U.S. point-of-sale. But both are improving and making its way back towards pre-earthquake level.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Are we materially below where we were running? Or is it not that big anymore?
James E. Compton: Not materially below. No, not at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore Partners.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just taking a step back, as you look at these revenue results. Revenue up, call it 9%, in the third quarter on GDP of 2.5%. This feels well above long run trends. So I'm just wondering how do you typically think about that relationship as we start to think about next year?
James E. Compton: Yes, Duane, it's Jim, a couple of thoughts on that. I think that -- I think we're very pleased with our revenue performance given the kind of the weak economic environment. And so if you went back historically, that is actually different than what we've seen historically kind of where you would be in the recovery at GDP growth. Even up 2.5% is relatively soft post of -- where you would be in the recovery. So again, I think our capacity discipline, as well as the industry discipline, what we've seen, I think, we've done a good job of not -- the traffic that we're missing is the low yield price-sensitive traffic and we're doing a good job of not diluting the higher-end traffic. And I think the capacity discipline has allowed us to do that. And I think that's probably the biggest difference in terms of [ph] breaking that GDP versus revenue growth that you mention.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that perspective. And then just to follow-up on the Pacific. Load's down but maybe not down as much as the last update. Wondering if you could give us sort of any qualitative yield commentary on that advanced book load? And if you sort of had to rank your regions right now, which would be weakest?
James E. Compton: Well, yes, I'll point to the -- from a book in the investor update in the Pacific. I think, we're talking about 4 points, 12 points [ph] of book load factor down. In that market, we have some new competition in Chicago, Hong Kong that's driving some of that load factor difference. I'll tell you that we're pleased with where our premium bookings are at. And that some of the softness is more on the leisure side, which gets back to my earlier comment on that. The other thing is that the RM team is revenue managing towards that to a certain extent also and just to -- again, preventing the dilution on the high-yield side. And so we're comfortable with where that book load factor is. So a combination of some new competition, revenue managing it, but we're actually feel pretty good about where it's at.
Operator: Hunter Keay is online with a question from Wolfe Trahan.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Jim, what were some of the lessons learned with 1 year under your belt with A++. There are obviously a few true-ups that happened each and every quarter this year. And I think, its obviously taking a little more time to school also [ph] and I think, some people, including myself, thought it was going to take. So what were some of the key lessons learned? Should we expect sort of a disproportionate outperformance next year, particularly as Lufthansa implements their own RM system? Anything like that? Any color there?
James E. Compton: I think the lessons learned are -- there's a familiarity that's building within the JV both from understanding each other's systems, as well as people, whether it's from a -- making sure that the right price products are out there for our customers and they're consistent, as well as communicating back and forth what each airline is optimizing with their different RM system. And then the network group, which from the beginning has been working closely with each other, there's that familiarity. And so I think as we'd think about that, we feel that there's a lot of benefits to build on as we build that relationship going forward. And I think you're seeing some of the capacity discipline that you're seeing both carriers -- all the carriers in the JV showing right now, it's kind of a result of that. So I think the lesson learned is that we'll be more nimble, quicker to react based on getting to know each other.
Hunter K. Keay - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And maybe another 1 for Jim, and then Jeff too, if you want to chime out on this. Back to ETS, obviously, your bolder [ph] goal, I think in your policy, illegal issues aside on this, is it possible that ETS is forcing capacity discipline on this industry? Is it factoring in to your A++ planning? Has it already come into the conversation when you're planning for trans-Atlantic capacity for 2012? And is it possible that this could actually be a net positive for the P&L simply because it's keeping a lot of irrational -- otherwise, irrational competitors from growing into your markets?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, it's a curious thesis, Hunter, but one I don't subscribe to. I think that it's like any other tax, right? And then it will size carriers because it's like any other tax. But it isn't sizing for example, through matching capacity demand and being able to appropriately price the product because the price that we have to put in for the tax, of course, we don't receive any component of it. And therefore, it's not the same as a price increase in response to a market demand, et cetera. So in terms of where it impacts the JV, I'd leave that up to -- Jim probably could give you more color. But clearly, Lufthansa has more exposure within Europe, obviously, than we do. But it's -- I think it's a net negative for the industry and it's a particularly difficult thing because it is truly is the beginning -- could be the beginning of a crazy, patchwork of regulation and taxation to try to remedy issues with a mobile and global emissions source such as the airlines and that's clearly much better handled by [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Engel from Bank of America.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You've talked about putting all coach plus in to the Continental side and it sounds like you're also going to be taking seats out of the 767 as you shift them to international flights. What does that do to overall capacity, the reduction of seats?
James E. Compton: Well, obviously, the Economy Plus will contribute to -- we're talking about consolidated capacity going forward being flat in 2012. Being down domestically and up in internationally, Glenn. So, obviously, the economy plus affects that...
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So is this a 1% hit that you offset by growth? Or is it even less than that or more?
Zane Rowe: It's about -- it's less than 1%, probably about between 0.5% and 1%. And again, we're working through, obviously, through with our tech ops group on the schedule and it's how quickly we roll it out in 2012. But less than 1%, I think, will be the impact on 2012.
Glenn D. Engel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And which categories are the best opportunities on the cost side for 2012 to offset the normal inflation that you have?
Zane Rowe: Glenn, this is Zane. We're in the middle of our budget session. So just for all the people at United listening, all categories are good opportunities for improvement. Honestly, Glenn, as we balance between the integration opportunities here, as well as just the normal budgets, we're going really line by line and seeing where we can be more efficient, learn from both subsidiaries and build that into the plan and we're in the middle of that process right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about discussions you're having with your corporate travel customers, the RFPs are out there. People are fixing their own capital budgets for travel next year. What industries -- or if you segment it this way, are you seeing some of the strongest RFP activity? Where have you seen a little bit of weakness? And I guess you said leisure was a little bit weak but corporate has been okay. Could you just give us a little bit more granularity on the discussions you're having in those markets?
James E. Compton: Hey, Jeff, this is Jim. We have, obviously, been working with our corporate partners in the last month or so for a lack of better word surveying them. And the feedback we're getting ties to that kind of that stable environment for the majority of them. That being said, you're right. They are focused on their 2012 budget. And so -- but I think right now, it's very consistent with what we're seeing in the demand that majority are kind of planning on spending being relatively kind of like 2011 to up slightly, I think, if you kind of -- you get different things all over. And as I mentioned financial services, you get back into what we saw in 2008. Again not the majority but few of them will talk about possibly looking at their travel policies, which really doesn't involve us but it might be folks planning in advance and things like that. So those are the things we watch as Jeff mentioned in his comments that well watch the demand and adjust capacity, but what we want to do is always being kind of dialogue with our corporates so that we can stay on top of it. But right now, we see kind of stable anticipation for 2012.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. You singled out financial services, and I think we read the headlines and understand what's going on there. Are there other industries that weren't really consumers of corporate travel last year that you think are in a stronger position to contribute next year?
James E. Compton: It's hard -- the way we look at corporate travel, quite frankly, when we work with our partners is it's less about a deal and it's more about the quality of the deal. And so -- there's nobody that singles out in and what we're trying to do is, again, show the value of this new network that we have and the value we bring with that and have the discussion around that and what they're needs are. And I think overall, that kind of across the industries, we're seeing a kind of a general same feeling about the uncertainty of the economy and so forth, playing as to how they think about that.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Josh Freed from the Associated Press.
Joshua Freed - The Associated Press: Just a quick question on the 747. I saw that in the release this morning that there's 5, I guess, that are nonoperating right now. And it sounds like 1 more coming out next year. Is that taking you -- could you say a little bit more of the future of that airplane with your fleet? And are those reductions related to the Japan situation? Or is there's something else driving that?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hey, Josh, this is Jeff. Look, the 747 has been a good aircraft over the years for United. However, it is a fairly fuel inefficient aircraft. Now overtime, we would like to replace it with more modern technology and we intend to do so. We don't have an aircraft that we can replace it with right now. And for example, we are putting streaming video in the economy section of that airplane to improve the inflight entertainment experience for our customers today. But in the long run, we will be retiring that aircraft from our fleet.
Joshua Freed - The Associated Press: Can you give us an idea of how long the long run is?
Jeffery A. Smisek: It will take many years because we don't have anything to replace it with currently. We've got A350s on order that we begin to take in 2016. So it'll take at least to be in the course. That's just the beginning as we undertake those aircraft. So it will be over the course of this decade as we put those aircraft down and take replacements.
Joshua Freed - The Associated Press: All right. And in the short run, is any of that related to Japan demand? Or is that a nonissue for that plane?
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, it's not related to Japan demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Jane Credeur from the Bloomberg News.
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Speaking of aircraft, can you guys give us an update on when you plan to make a decision on a narrow-body order? And should we look for that before year-end? Or is that more likely in 2012 thing?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Mary Jane, this is Jeff. As you know, Continental had a and has a good aircraft order for its network and United has some airplanes as well on order. But neither carrier really had the right order for the combined network. And as we continue with refreshing the fleet and bringing in modern and fuel-efficient airplanes as we continue to invest in the product, we are going to need some additional mainline aircraft. That's something that we're visiting on right now. And when we're ready to announce something, we will announce it.
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: And a quick follow-up, we saw your friends in Atlanta scale back their narrow order and went with just a 100 mainline jets. It was a little more conservative than their initial plan of maybe as many as 200, including some smaller -- a smaller jets. What's your bias as you think about that order and approach it? Are you viewing it as a more of a bullish large long-term thing? Or should we be thinking in terms of something more conservative?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, what we're looking at -- one of the things we're looking at basically, is just the fuel efficiency of modern aircraft, maintenance reliability, dispatch reliability, customer-pleasing attributes, et cetera. So it isn't so much a bet on growth as much as it is. We have a lot of older aircraft coming off leisure, off finance that are not fuel-efficient that we do want to replace. And we'll also obviously model out where we think the number of aircraft that we will need over the long run and -- but we're not really in a position to discuss that publicly yet.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would now turn the call over to Ms. Nene Foxhall for any final remarks.
Irene E. Foxhall: Thank you. Thanks to everyone on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions and well look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nene Foxhall - EVP, Communications and Government Affairs Tyler Reddien - IR Jeff Smisek - President and CEO Jim Compton - EVP and CRO Zane Rowe - EVP and CFO Gerry Laderman - SVP of Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan Kevin Crissey - UBS Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners Glenn Engel - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose Josh Freed - The Associated Press Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News Jenna Moreno - Houston Chronicle Jeremy Lemer - Financial Times
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Continental Holdings earnings conference call for the second quarter of 2011. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your hosts for today's call Nene Foxhall and Tyler Reddien.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, Mitchell. Good morning everyone and welcome to United Continental Holdings second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results our President and CEO, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and CFO, Zane Rowe; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman. Jeff will begin with some overview comments after which Jim will review capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of our cost structure and the balance sheet. Jeff will make a few closing remarks and then we will open the call for questions. First from analyst and then from the media. We would appreciate it if you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that I'll turn it over to Tyler.
Tyler Reddien: Thank you, Nene. Our earnings release and separate investor update were issued this morning and are available on our website at ir.unitedcontinentalholdings.com. Let me points out that information in this morning's earnings press release, and investors update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Forms 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. As with last quarter we will present our second quarter 2011 results on a combined basis for United Continental Holdings. All prior period results discussed today including comparisons against prior periods will be based on unaudited pro-forma results for the combined company and include estimates of the impact of purchase accounting. For additional details please refer to investor updates issued during the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first and second quarter of 2011, which are also available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, as we walking through the numbers for the quarter, we will be excluding special items, merger-related expenses, and our fuel hedge non-cash net mark-to-market gains and losses. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, President and CEO of United.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Tyler and Nene, and good morning and thank you all for joining us. I'd like to thank my co-workers for delivering solid operational and financial performance this quarter. Within a period of transition as we worked to integrate our two subsidiaries and my coworkers continue there professional focus on delivering clean, safe and reliable air transportation for our customers. Today we reported a net profit of $577 million for the second quarter or $1.49 per diluted share delivering a 6% pre-tax margin for the quarter. Our operational results during the second quarter were good, despite challenging summer storms in the mid-west in June. Both subsidiaries carries completed more than 98.5% of all flight during the quarter. Based on a year-to-date profit and our solid operational performance, we have accrued $90 million in profit sharing and had paid $23 million in on-time performance bonuses to our coworkers so far of this year, while the finance profit-sharing amount will be based on full year results. We look forward to being able to share the company's success with our coworkers. Although fuel prices moderated somewhat during the quarter. They've remained very high and volatile. We saw our second quarter fuel expense excluding the impact of hedges rise $1.1 billion compare to the same period of 2010. In addition, we are operating in a tepid economic environment in the U.S. with significant uncertainty here and abroad. We have responded appropriately raising fares in the face of high fuel cost and reducing our planned capacity to reflect the challenging environment that we face. At the new United, we are focused on achieving sustained and sufficient profitability for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. To do this we must create economical value generating returns in excess of our cost of capital across the business cycle. This quarter's results demonstrate our commitment to this important goal. As we continue to integrate our two great carriers and realize the synergies from our merger, we will well-positioned to deliver on the significant potential of the new United. We are on track with the merger integration made significant progress this quarter. We've aligned our major polices and procedures across the travel experience and have enhanced our technology to create a more seamless experience between the two subsidiary carriers. Our kiosks now serve both carriers passengers. We now have a single area for checking for either subsidiary at 275 of our more than 370 airports, and we've have painted 601 aircraft in our new livery. Since the closing of our merger, we've been working hard to reach the joint collective bargaining agreements with our labor groups. These are complex negotiations about complex agreements. And we are actively engaged in discussions with representatives from several of our labor groups. Although. I've made it clear to my own negotiators that I would like to reach joint collective bargaining agreements promptly. We're not going to repeat the mistakes of the past and create an unsustainable cost structure that's not good for anyone. Any collective bargaining agreement must be fair to my co-workers and fair to the company. I originally said that admittedly aggressive goal of reaching joint agreements with all of our representative workgroups by yearend. I don't think we'll achieve that goal, given the complexities of merging mature long standing contracts as well as factors outside of our control. Although some of our workgroups now have a common union, others still don't, and representation election will still need to be held for them. We've experienced recent progress as our flight attendants completed their representation election. And the representation election for our fleet service workgroups is now underway. Just as we have been working with the representatives of our pilots and our tech ops groups, we will work with a newly elected representatives of our flight attendants and fleet service group, to reach collective bargaining agreements as promptly as practical. Integrating our two subsidiaries is not the goal of our merger. We're building the world's leading airline. The airline people want to fly, co-workers want to work for, and investors want to invest. We planned to be the airline of choice for the smart business traveler. And beginning a series of significant product enhancements designed to improve our passengers' experience. We were investing in the on-board product across the domestic and international fleet. As you know, we've already announced that we're bringing our successful economy plus product to the continental fleet beginning next year. We're also taking delivery next year of 19 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft, which will be equipped with our very popular DirecTV service as well as the new Boeing Sky interior. Our domestic enhancements are not limited to the mainline fleet, as we are adding first class and Economy Plus seating to our Q400 regional aircraft significantly expanding the available premium seating options on those aircraft. On the international front, next year we'll take delivery of six of the 50 Boeing 787 Dreamliner we have on order. We're also working to complete the reconfiguration of our international fleet premium capitals, which will have flat-bed Seats in first and business class. We currently have flat-bed seats on 123 of our aircraft more than any other U.S carriers. We understand how important any other connectivity options will be coming to customers, and we've signed a letter of intent to install Ka-band Wi-Fi on our aircraft and have DirectTV. We're currently developing a strategy to deploy Wi-Fi across the rest of our mainline fleet, providing additional insight entertainment options and partnership opportunities for the company. Our in-flight product is not the only part of the experience that we're improving. We'll be launching our re-branded lounge program, the United Club in the third quarter and have plans to refurbish and upgrade lounges across the system. In June, we're aligned the United Club beverage and snack offerings, world wide. We are investing in our facilities including building a terminal for our regional aircraft in Houston, and upgrading baggage system at our hubs to improve bag service for our customers.  Later this year, we will introduce our new loyalty program under the name Mileage Plus. The program features for our combined loyalty program, will be effective for the 2012 program year. Earlier this week, we launched our new co-branded credit card offerings, the explore card from Chase which provides customers with valued features and benefits. We'll also be making a number of other loyalty related announcements in the coming months. For now, our job is to deliver on the significant potential of our two great companies as we combine them. Mergers in the airline business are extremely complex and time consuming and we're only part way down a long and winding road. However, what we've experienced so far is very exciting and I'm pleased with our progress to-date. As we continue to build the worlds leading airline, we won't lose sight of our daily mission, running a clean safe and reliable airline and generating sustained and sufficient profitability.  With that I'll turn the call over to the Jim and Zane to review the revenue environment and financial results.
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff. I would also like to thank our co-workers for the hard work this quarter. United second quarter revenue results would continue to improve and built upon the success of the last two quarters. On a year-over-year basis consolidated unit revenue was up 9% and mainline PRASM was up 9.1%. Regional PRASM improved 8.8% versus the second quarter of 2010. Yield growth and capacity discipline continue to be the principle sources of year-over-year unit revenue improvement. Yield in both the mainline and regional systems grew up 10% year-over-year in the second quarter.  Mainline domestic PRASM increased 9.7% year-over-year with capacity down nearly 2% versus second quarter of 2010. Second quarter mainline international PRASM was up to 8.3% driven by yield improvement of 10.8% versus 2010 due largely to our second quarter international average fairs increasing 10% versus the second quarter of 2010. Latin America was a standout performer among mainline international entities this quarter. With unit revenue up 20.2% and yield up 22.7% as compared to 2010, the average fair to Latin America increased more than 20% versus last year, driving extremely strong unit revenue growth in Central America, the Caribbean and Deep South America. Central America results led the entity with PRASM up 30% and yield up 28% year-over-year. Specific PRASM was up 5.7% year-over-year in the second quarter, with premium cabin PRASM up 8% and yield up 10%. Premium cabin traffic to China was up more than 5% in the quarter driving premium cabin PRASM of 13%, versus last year. This quarter's specific revenue result was reduced by approximately $100 million or approximately five points of year-over-year PRASM growth, due to the Japanese earthquake and subsequent tsunami and nuclear crises. As the second quarter progress, we saw the pace of Japan point-of-sale net bookings improve and believe that, over the course of the third quarter net bookings from both U.S and Japan, point-of-sale will return to more normal level. Second quarter mainline transatlantic PRASM increase 5.6% and yield increased 8.3% versus 2010. The Middle East and India continue to outperform Europe with double-digit yield improvements in the quarter. We shared of a portion of our transatlantic revenue success with our transatlantic joint venture partners, again this quarter. And we are seeing significant benefits coming from the joint venture structure. One opportunity we are leveraging is the ability to coordinate capacity plans with our joint venture partners. We along with Lufthansa and Air Canada have reduced our fourth quarter joint venture transatlantic capacity by more than six point in light of the demand environment. We now expect fourth quarter transatlantic capacity for the joint venture to be roughly flat versus our fourth quarter 2010 capacity. The benefits of our joint venture don't stop with capacity. We are currently developing joint pricing and inventory management system and processes across the full joint venture. As we continued to develop and improve these systems and processes, we expect the benefit of our transatlantic joint venture to grow. Corporate revenue continues to show the slow but steady improvement in the second quarter. The recovery has been driven by yield improvement with corporate yields up 9% when compared to 201. We continue to run our airline with the business customer in mind. In addition to the solid demand environment we saw this quarter; we have developed the strong fair environment. Second quarter fair's benefited from the many fare increases that began in February, resulting in double-digit fare increases in both the domestic and international markets, as compared to 2010. International fuel surcharges in the second quarter also remained elevated versus 2010, with fuel surcharges up 47% in Latin America; 36% in the Atlantic and 48% in the Pacific. While the pace of fare increases activity has slowed versus early in the year, we are seeing success in managing yields upwards to revenue management strategies. Our capacity discipline supports higher fares by adjusting the size of our airline to the current demand environment. Early in the year, in response to the volatile fuel and a tough as U.S. economy, United reduced expected consolidated capacity growth for full-year 2011, to be roughly zero versus 2010. And we still believe that is the right plan for our airline. We continue to optimize our capacity plan in light of high oil prices in the macroeconomic environment and have reduced our capacity plans modestly from our prior guidance. We now expect our third quarter consolidated capacity to be flat to down 1% year-over-year. In our fourth quarter capacity, should be down nearly 3% year-over-year. We are building the preferred airline for the smart business traveler and we are committed to investing in our product. On the ground and in the air, we have aligned the food and beverage items in our 57 United Clubs worldwide. We continue investing in our international premium cabins and have retrofitted 123 aircraft with flat-bed seats. We expect to complete that retrofits next year. These and many product enhancements just mentioned earlier are just some of the improvements that are on the horizon. As we renew our fleet and improve our product offering for our customers. Ancillary revenues for the quarter were up modestly year-over-year. As we saw very strong growth in value-added products and services offset by reduction in that fees due to the growth of avid travelers and co-branded credit card holders as a percentage of the total. This growth in high valued customers is positive to revenue overall but it does impact this line. We recently announced the introduction of second bag fees to Asia, excluding Japan and Hong Kong as well as Latin destinations. Custom demand grew for Economy Plus and extra legroom seats this quarter. With seat upsell revenue increasing 34% year-over-year, as we expand the channels through which our customers can purchase Economy Plus seats and optimize our pricings. We have seen similar growth rates with our other travel option products such as Premier Line, which provides an elite holiday experience, and Award Accelerator, which allows our Mileage Plus and OnePass customers to earn the awards faster when they fly. Second quarter cargo revenue increased 5% versus the same period last year, with yield up more than 20% and volume down 13% year-over-year. Since closing the merger nine months ago, the team has taken action to begin to capture the $800 million to $900 million of revenue synergies we have identified.
 : In June we also introduced a second frequency between Washington D.C. and Paris, using a subsidiary continental Boeing 757. In addition to fleet redeployment and other synergy source is network optimization. United's network is an unmatched access with gateway hubs ringing the U.S. This unique structure allows us to identify new routes to serve that on standalone basis, neither United nor Continental prior to the merger could profitably serve. Two examples of network optimization this quarter includes the launch of our Los Angeles to Shanghai flight, and expanding our Mexico footprint by adding service to Guadalajara from Los Angeles and San Francisco. Between network optimization, redeployment and other initiatives underway, we estimate that the passenger revenue synergy is captured in the quarter to be approximately $50 million. Turning to the outlook for July revenue. Based on our current outlook, we estimate United's mainline and consolidated PRASM will be up approximately 7% for July year-over-year. This PRASM estimate is preliminary, based on the data we have for July thus far. With that, I'll turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jim. I'd like to thank the entire team for its contributions to this quarter's results. While we still have a lot of work ahead of us, the team is doing a good job, integrating our two carriers, and we are beginning to see those results in synergies. United consolidated operating expense increased approximately 12% or $965 million year-over-year in the second quarter, primarily as a result of higher fuel prices. Consolidated fuel expense including the benefit of our hedges increased $787 million year-over-year, more than 30% increase. Consolidated unit cost for the second quarter increased 11% year-over-year and mainline unit cost increased 10.7%. Thanks to the efforts of the team, we managed our costs well. So the consolidate unit cost, holding fuel rates and profit sharing constant was up only 1.3%. This is the first quarter that we began to realize more substances benefits from merger related cost synergy. And we're on track to achieve our full year estimate of over $200 million. We realize synergies in a number of areas, including managements, overhead and procurement savings. In aggregate, we generated approximately $100 million of revenue and cost synergies in the quarter. As in the first quarter, we faced some inflationary pressures, most notably in the area of aircraft and maintenance. Staff increases and certain of our engine contracts and a larger number of heavy checks drove maintenance expenses up 20% year-over-year. The volume of heavy checks begins to moderate on a year-over-year basis in the second half of the year. Our second quarter pretax income was $581 million, representing a 6% pretax margin. For the last 12 months, our pretax margin was 4.2%. And our return on invested capital was 12%, exceeding our cost of capital. We recognized the importance of generating returns in excess of our cost of capital across the business cycle. We continue to focus on this objective during this period of slow economic recovery and high and volatile fuel prices. We accrued $90 million in profit sharing this quarter, based on our year-to-date profitability. Profit sharing payments are made on the basis of full year profitability. And at this point, we expect to accrue additional profit sharing expense in the second half of the year. Moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with an unrestricted cash and short-term investment balance of $8.6 billion. We reduced our total debt during this quarter, paying $1 billion in debt and capital lease obligations. This includes $570 million paid to holders of UALs 4.5% convertible notes that were put to the company in June. The company also prepaid a $106 million of aircraft back debt in July, bringing our year-to-date debt prepayment to approximately $300 million. The company has $769 million of scheduled debt payments due in the remainder of 2011, which in addition to prepayments made year-to-date will bring our expected full year total debt payments to $2.5 billion. As we continue to pay down debt and strengthen our balance sheet, we're also building a base of unencumbered assets. Currently, based on appraised values, we have about $1.8 billion of unencumbered assets, of which nearly 50% of Section 1110 eligible aircraft. During the quarter we generated over $750 million in operating cash flow. Growth capital expenditures were $178 million, which includes the delivery of one Boeing 737-900ER aircraft. We are committed to managing our expenses aggressively in this competitive business. Particularly in light of the high price of fuel. We expect our full year non-fuel consolidated CASM, excluding profit sharing expense, to be up just under 2% year-over-year, with capacity flat to 2010. We anticipate third quarter non-fuel consolidated CASM to be up 1% to 2% year-over-year. We have approximately 51% of our expected fuel consumption for the remainder of 2011 hedge, at an average Gulf coast at equivalent price of $3.12 per gallon. Based on the forward curve as of July 18, we expect our consolidated fuel price to be $3.18 per gallon in the third quarter, the year-over-year increase of 37%. And $3.10 per gallon for the full year, an increase of nearly 33% compared to 2010. We expect our gross capital expenditures to be about $290 million in the third quarter and $1 billion for the full year. As Jim mentioned, we will continue to invest in the product and customer experience and are doing so in a fiscally responsible way. In addition to the 737-900ER we invested into service in April, we expect to add one 737-800 in the third quarter. We removed three parked aircraft from our fleet in the quarter, selling two Boeing 737 Classics and one Boeing 747. We also removed one Boeing 767-200 from our operating fleet. Our regional fleet declined by two aircraft in the quarter, as we allowed 9ERJ-145 leases to expire and added three Q400 and four Q300 aircraft. Fundamental component of our fleet strategy is incorporating flexibility, allowing us to resize the fleet to best match the demand environment, while continuing to improve fuel efficiency. With almost half the fleet coming off-lease, so becoming unencumbered over the next four years, and our significant new aircraft order book, we have the ability to retire older, less efficient aircraft, and acquire modern fuel efficient aircrafts. As we discussed earlier, we're seeing good momentum in the integration as well as in the achievement of our synergies. We continue to expect at reach 25% of the $1 billion to $1.2 billion of total annual estimated synergies this year. This is a highly competitive business with competition from both global and low cost carriers, with the slow phase of the economic recovery and high fuel prices. The current environment is challenging, that says, we have the right people, the right assets and the right plan to position ourselves to achieve our long term goal of generating returns and access of our cost of capital and creating stability and success for all our stakeholders. With that I'll turn the call back over to the Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks Zane. Well, we're pleased with our results this quarter. We're more excited about what's to come. We're doing the hard work necessary to create the world's leading airline. Our goal is to create an airline that will provide great products and services for our customers, stability and rewards for our coworkers and sustainable and sufficient profitability for our shareholders. We have much more work to do. And it will take us considerable time. But I am confident, it will be successful. With that I'll turn the call over to the Tyler to open it up for questions.
Tyler Reddien: Thank you, Jeff. First we will take questions from the analyst community, then we'll take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Mitchell, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank: Yes, good morning everyone. I guess a question just on the guidance that without this morning. You gave a view on the advance book out over the next six weeks, and if I see that we go back and we look at it versus the guidance from about a month ago, it looks a little bit better at least on domestic. It looks like maybe it's up a 10th. The international book low looks better by about one point. How much, I mean maybe I am reading too much into it, how much of that is seasonal or, and I realize this brings us to the end of August, are there seasonal factors there? are there may be back-to-school issues, or is it just that maybe we were in a bit of a soft patch in June and maybe things are moderating somewhat? How should we think about that?
Jim Compton: I think I'll describe it is more seasonal than anything. The couple things that obviously we focus on should always managing the booking curve from the revenue management's perspective and so forth, but also the next six week outlook is a really strong peek period in the trans-Atlantic, as you kind of move through the second-half of July and August. But overall we're seeing kind of the demand that we've seen, that's been relatively a strong demand environment continues. So I think that relative to growth factors more than seasonality.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then just my second and this is to you Jim as well. I realize everybody wants to know about September because it is predominantly much more business travel by definition. You kind of don't know what it is until it is on top of you. But I know has a big Company now and you've had a lot of continuous conversations with the corporate. Are you sharing anything about their views on travel in the fall or whether or not they hit their full year budgets given where pricing has been? I mean, any color on that front? To give us a feel for maybe, what some early read on September?
Jim Compton: Both from the data perspective, we look at the corporate and we see kind of consistent demand and environment there. The sales team once again had a corporate advisory team to keep the dialogue going with our corporate partners and so forth just recently concluded that. And really the discussion within there, and the things we heard from the corporations was that it's kind of right now business as usual, tight to that kind of slow growth subject to kindly what you're seeing in the economy and so forth. But really no change at least at the margin right now. But you are right, September is out there out there and for me to comment on September is too far out there versus the kind of the business outlook. But what we hear from the corporations is it kind of business as usual right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: Good morning everybody. First, to Jim Compton, I appreciate you building an airline for the smart business traveler. I certainly hope I can fit into that category at some point that you never know. Question for Zane. Delta has a pretty aggressive non fuel cost target for 2012. No a guarantee they will get there but that is the plan nonetheless. And I haven't heard one firm United. I know you like to talk in synergy terms, but what is your view on consolidated ex-fuel CASM going forward. I am not looking for that. With all the structural changes, merger benefits, I would expect you to eventually achieve something better than the 8.5 that you did in 2010. Any thoughts on this?
Zane Rowe: Sure Jamie obviously, we are benefiting from the synergies and a lot of hard work by all the teams here and you see some of that improvement through the course of this year. It's premature for us to weighing on 2012 as it relates fairly to cost. I will tell you as we restructure the business and restructure the network you may see some elements that actually apply some cost pressure and yet make sense for us to do for instant economy plus taking seats out of the continental subsidiary aircraft as well as the lot more international flying that may actually put some cost pressure on the network and yet yield a better result for us. So the teams are all working quite aggressively at managing expenses, we were not at a point but we were ready to give 2012 guidance just yet, but we feel pretty good about the progress we are making today.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful. And Jeff, I think we all appreciate the update on the labor situation in some of the complexities and challenges there, but by dragging out this process, are you running the risk that AMR will get to go first? I mean, is the benchmark moves from Delta to something even higher that AMR, doesn't that put you at risk?
Jeff Smisek: Well, Jamie, first of all just to be clear, we are not dragging the process out. This process takes time and we've got workgroups. We don't even have a consistent union that we can negotiate a common union. So we don't have any intentional dragging out. We got to make sure that we got to deal with certainly company increment and turning our coworker to well. We are going to pay competitively we are going to pay fairly. That's very clear and we will take a look over the market is determining that. But that's our goal and we will take the time that takes to get there. But we are working hard to get there as fast as we can. And the second think I want to say, I think, Jamie you are such a smart business driver. You fly United exclusively.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: I certainly wasn't implying that management was latterly dragging it. I was just talking about the process overall. Thanks for all the color gentlemen I appreciate.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Can I ask about your thoughts about the American fleet order? Does it change the competitive landscape, which is the deal sort of a size and type that you would need to do to remain competitive? So how do we think about it? Is this a game changing or is it not that big a deal for you?
Jeff Smisek: No, I don't think it changes things for us at all. Actually we are very comparable with where we are we have a good fleet today. We have a solid aircraft ordered not only for a narrow body aircraft, but for a widebody aircraft, we've got a lot of fleet that is coming off financer off-lease. Over the next four years, we have lot of fleet flexibility. Our intention is to continue to take modern fuel-efficient aircraft and retire older aircraft. And so we're very comfortable where we are and Americans decision doesn't change in any course.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Jim, can I ask you about your comment; you mentioned that you're looking to have some further products out there that customer's value. Should we take that as an indication that there's a lot more to go here in ancillaries? And if so was that included in synergies when you first, sort of, talked about these? So what do we think about that pipeline?
Jim Crompton: Yes, in terms of merchandising I do think there is significant upside. As we developed technologies that allow us more and more at customers and to kind of, be part of that experience to travel with them. So I do think, not only are there more products, but I think how we presented the products that we have today. And how we kind of bundle those together and I think that drives, I think a lot of opportunity going forward. And the teams really focused on. The synergies there were, obviously those merchandising synergies as we brought the two companies together and I think of that separate from the overall opportunities that's happening on the merchandising side for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Wondered If I could just ask Jim, to comment a little bit, just as on the value that you're getting out of the JV agreement. We see these adjustments that come at the end of the quarter and I definitely understand that, that sort of a mechanical issue. But, optically it feels like this money flowing out of United into the joint venture. And again, I understand what's behind that. But can you just give us a sense; do you think you're getting the value that you're supposed to be out of the JV? Is that something that's to come, and the processes that you're describing of getting closer together?
Jim Crompton: Gary, yes, I do think we're getting the value of the JV. A lot of the revenue we're driving through the JV. But our partnership with the times that of Germany is quite significant and the amount of connection that are new to the network that is not there before and so forth. So I do think that there is tremendous value coming from the JV. I also think that the JV works very well together. As I mentioned in my comments that if the JV as a group is also keeping it's eye on the macro environment work capacity. And so we've made some adjustments as a group to manage that. And then the third thing is JV structure has a structure within and that the base gears and move, and so that as you move through it a new base is set. And so it's built in a way that all partners can always move toward an equilibrium and that's the goal. So yes, the benefits are there on the revenue side. We've clearly, again in this second quarter, as I mentioned, outperform our partners and there is payment, but we're very optimistic and we're very excited about the future of the JV.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: You obviously think the payment is, the out performance you're getting, is enough that it's offsetting some of the money that's out flowing, right?
Jim Crompton: Yes, I do.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: The $50 million you said in synergy that you've achieved in the quarter was that an annualized number? Was that just for 2Q?
Jim Crompton: That's just Q2.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: So you're about 200 of the 8 to 9?
Jim Crompton: Yes. That's Q2, so we'll keep monitoring as we go through the year, and keep measuring it with the measurements that we've set up.
Operator: Our next quarter comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Trahan.
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan: Just wondering if you can help us out a little bit on how to think about at least directionally, how you're approaching the capacity plan for 2012? Maybe help us sort of bracket in, with the conservative and aggressive way to think about growth and flexibility? And maybe how that fits into the getting enough data? And how do you think about potentially putting in a fleet type, which I think you referenced back in April?
Jim Compton: We're very early in the stages now. We're beginning our planning process right now. From a process point of view and I don't think anything is going to change about our focus on the macro-environment and keep an eye on where fuel price are and so forth and obviously our transportation. And so over the last couple of years, we've had a good record of capacity discipline and given the environment and that'll keep focusing on that capacity, at this point as we look out forward. But we're just right now beginning the process with the planning. So it would be early to comment on 2012 specifically.
Zane Rowe: With regards to the fleet, obviously, we're accessing all of our aircraft requirements and have significant flexibility. But I don't think, we've been out talking about actually putting down a fleet type at least not at this point.
Hunter Keay - Wolfe Trahan: And I guess may beyond that, in that same sort of, you've obviously got a bit of above way which you want to call that as of aircrafts deliveries next year, I guess, 25 coming in. How should I think about maybe the CapEx component and giving your cash balance, is there any thought that BP is ramping the back half of this year. Is there any thought to maybe about building over equity in this planes and paying cash for them as they come on?
Zane Rowe: Hunter, we're not going to, give much guidance on that one just yet. We'll offer our overall CapEx guidance probably early in the fourth quarter as it relates to our 2012 deliveries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: This question is probably for Jim. I would imagine, has there been a shift in website direct sales versus travel agencies? Anything you noticed there?
Jim Compton: Yes, the both United.com and Connell.com continue to perform very well. And both have seen sales growth over the most recent period. We don't really put out our guidance in terms of share versus, for instance, OTAs and that. But both Connell.com and United.com has seen significant growth over the first six months of the year.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: And your Travelocity deal, any change in terms or method for delivery or any director anything that would imply direct connect through anything or is it just a straight renewal?
Jim Compton: Well we're not disclosing details of the agreement. I will say that we're excited to have reached an agreement with Travelocity that allows our customers to have access to full fares in schedule. But we're not commenting the specifics of the agreement.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Did you talk about the profitability by hub at all, and if not can you?
Jim Compton: We didn't and we don' do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore Partners.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners: Just a follow-up to Jamie's question, practically speaking, what is the lack of a joint bargaining agreement prevent you from realizing specifically on the pilots, prevent you from realizing from a synergy perspective? Seems like it primarily keeps your cost lower?
Jeff Smisek: The synergies that we talk about in general are net synergies net of dis-synergies and not having an agreement. It doesn't affect our net synergy target obviously. We'd like to get agreements promptly. I think it's good for the company, it's good for the enterprise, it's good for the culture, and we're working hard to do that.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners: Thanks. And then just a follow-up. I guess it's been reported in the press that one of the things that's on the tape was go for relaxation beyond 70 seaters, I think I read a 100 seaters. Can you comment on that?
Jeff Smisek: No.
Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore Partners: And then just lastly, can you give us some idea of the currency impact in the quarter on revenue and operating profit?
Zane Rowe: Sure, Duane. I'll touch on the revenue portion. As we look at the Atlantic side and obviously there is a number of currencies involved, but just generally speaking it helped on both the Atlantic and the Pacific. On the Atlantic side about 3 points of our revenue increase was FX change year-over-year. And on the Pacific side about 3.9 points to that increase was due to that. We don't typically mention the impact as that relates to the operating margin, but that's about the amount right there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Engel from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Glenn Engel - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Two questions please. One, can you go through the technology integration timeline, what we accomplished? What's the timeline for finishing other things? And two, earlier in the year I was hearing problems with the reservations line, so the phone lines were running long to reach you. Are there any other integration you should have on service that you're struggling with?
Jeff Smisek: The technology integration actually is the integration of a large number of different platforms. We have roughly 15 base platforms and of course a lot of other related (software). So the timeline is over an extended period of time, because of all the different things we're doing. For example, our revenue accounting system, we will migrate to that, I believe, in November of this year. The more customer facing aspect, which is the passenger service system, we're working on now with our partners at Travel Port and Hewlett Packard, HP. And we will migrate to a single passenger service system in the first quarter of next year. In terms of our reservations, the call lines have lengthened in terms of talk time. And that is for a number of reasons, including consumer's normal interest and some degree of confusion from time-to-time relating to the merger. And so the whole times have lengthened and we're addressing that. We've bought back a number of our folks into our reservation group and we're going to bring back some additional folks, because we do need to get the whole times down. And the whole times down are just because of lengthened talk times. And that the issues are more complex, because of the merger. And we are going to address that. We're in the process of doing it now.
Glenn Engel - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the other big technology ones like crew scheduling and maintenance, when are those likely to be integrated?
Jeff Smisek: We're going through the process between now and throughout 2012 to get things done. I don't think we're public on each and every one of the items. But it's a considerable long process. We're making sure that the customer facing issues are done well. And of course we're making sure all the issues are done well. It's a considerable timeline, but this does take quite a bit of time. We try to get some things that will produce for us the highest value earliest and with a lot of focus on this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helane Becker from Dahlman Rose.
Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose: There has been some talk in Washington about taxing ancillary fees. And I know that's a growing part of your revenue component. Can you just talk to what you're showing and what you're thinking about relative to that?
Jeff Smisek: Well whenever Congress is in session, we're always at risk. We are, Helane as you know, we are a brutally over taxed business as it is. We're taxed more heavily than alcohol, tobacco and firearms. And on an average 20% of the consumer's tickets domestically goes straight to the government. So we're always at target. Our mini business is a target. We hope that given the over-taxation and all the regulations to this industry that they want taxes even more and we'll be of course working hard to prevent that.
Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose: And then my other completely unrelated question is, can you say what the long-term or net-debt position was at the end of the June quarter?
Zane Rowe: Sure Helane, this is Zane. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was just over $14 billion, down from $15.8 billion at the end of the last year.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentleman. This concludes the analyst and investor portion of our call today. We will now take calls from the media. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Josh Freed from The Associated Press.
Josh Freed - The Associated Press: You mentioned this morning that integration of the two airlines is not the goal of the merger. Can you say a little more about what you mean by that and are you okay with sort of long-term non-integration?
Jeff Smisek: No. What I'm saying is we need to integrate the carriers, but that's not the end-goal of what we're creating. What we're creating is a spectacular airline with the best network in the world with a globally competitive product, great service and a great culture, which of course leads to great service. So the integration is something that we need to do. We are working on. We are working diligently on and a lot of people are working very hard. What I meant by that is, that isn't the end of what we're doing here, what we're creating is a world's leading airline.
Josh Freed - The Associated Press: And what is sort of the current status of labor talks and all the other integration issues. What does that means in terms of getting a single operating certificate? Is that still end of 2011 thing or is that get pushed out a little?
Jeff Smisek: Well the discussion with our various work groups have nothing to do with a single operating certificate. The single operating certificate is ongoing right now with the FAA. It's a point at which we can legally and safely operate as a single carrier. The discussions with our workgroups are completely unrelated to that. And we are currently on tract to receive our single operating certificate by the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Jane Credeur from Bloomberg News
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Jeff, I wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the labor discussions and where the biggest hurdles or roadblocks are that are making this take longer than you anticipated?
Jeff Smisek: Well I'm not sure there are big roadblocks anyway. It's taking time for our various workgroups to select their representatives with whom we can bargain. And as reflected their new unions for example we start the negotiation. Those, for example, such as our pilot group who are above ALPA, we've been negotiating since about August or so of last year. And we continue those negotiations. It's just that these are on both sides are mature labor contracts with different outlooks. There are some kinds of some political elements involved as well, with the labor organizations and these things naturally take time. I'm still very focused on getting things, again I hope to get some deals done by the end of this year. But because of the pace of representation election reference and that the matters, some of the agreements will slipping to next year. But we are very much focused on it. We've a lot of people working hard to get it done.
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: With the pilots specifically of course were coming up on a year. That you've been discussing a new contract with them and Core's representation wasn't an issue? What is taking so long there? And you have a new target for, when is that for the 2011 year anything is that a first half of 2012?
Jeff Smisek: Mary Jane, I'm not going to talk about this specific of any workgroup and discussions with them, but the target remains to get a deal done as quickly as we can. I would love to get a deal done by end of this year. I don't know whether we'll be able to do that. It does take two to tango.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jenna Moreno from Houston Chronicle.
Jenna Moreno - Houston Chronicle: My question is also about leverage. So, Jeff, do you expect to have any of the agreements done by the end of this year? And if so, which one?
Zane Rowe: Jenna, I don't know. We work hard, and we'll get agreements done as prompt as we can that said. We need to make sure that we maintain our competitiveness and which contract that are fair to the company and fair to my co-workers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Lemer from Financial Times.
Jeremy Lemer - Financial Times: Just a quick question for Jeff. Could you give us your kind of top level view about consumer and corporate demand, and particularly sort of linkages, some of the global macroeconomic events that we've seen in the recent weeks and months essentially giving out their prices in Europe, some of the concerns over employment (inaudible) in the U.S. Could you give us a sense how it's still pretty free to have a demand at the consumer and corporate level?
Jeff Smisek: Jeremy, I think from a corporate global front, obviously our U.S. point of sales is our strongest presence and so forth in the U.S. based carrier and that. But I think what we're seeing is again pretty consistent corporate demand that we've seen during into course of the year. So, do not see at this point any significant change in the demand that we've seen during the first six month of the year. I will think it's been average fair driven. And I mentioned that in my comment. And so those, the fair environment remain strong and the demand say is at about where we've seen it over the last six months.
Jeremy Lemer - Financial Times: Somebody asked you earlier a little bit about the impact of American Airlines, very large aircraft orders. You said it wouldn't have an impact. I wanted to press a little bit more on that. The American order does tick-up some leasing slots from the (inaudible) takes production slots from quite a number of slots from the largest airline manufacturers. Would that have any impact in your ability to get hold of the aircraft that you want? And it also changes the advertising dynamic content about having the youngest fleet in the market? And then in the couple of years times, the things here to Pan American will be also making that place? So could you give us a take on those points?
Jim Crompton: Sure, I think that from the perspective with skyline we're comfortable with the skyline we have plus the availability of the skyline from our partners. We are very good partners in both Boeing and Airbus and we're comfortable with that. In terms of our ability to raise the appropriate capital to take deliveries, I have Gerry Laderman, will speak of that in just a moment.  And in terms of the fleet, what's important to us to have very good onboard product and when we're investing in it and as you'll see number of additional announcements in the future on our investments in our onboard products and in our service and we're more than happy to compete against American or any one with our network and our fleet and our product and our people. And with that all I'll ask Gerry to speak to the capital management.
Gerry Laderman: The American's order really won't impact. As far as we're concerned, the availability of financing both in the debt capital market and (inaudible) aircraft. We believe we have sufficient availability there. The other point worth mentioning is one advantage of the American order is that it finally led to Boeing deciding what to do about the new narrowbody, which is helpful really to all of us in terms of our long range of planning.
Jeremy Lemer - Financial Times: So that gives you see the chance to reengineer Boeing in certainly earlier timeframe than you might have got. So it's a different new aircraft later on?
Jim Crompton: Well, it's just good that Boeing's now sort of laid out the time table.
Nene Foxhall: Thanks, everybody. We're out of time, so need to conclude the call. Really appreciate you joining us today. Please call corporate communications if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nene Foxhall - SVP, Communications & Government Affairs DeAnne Gabel - Director, IR Jeff Smisek - Chairman, President & CEO Jim Compton - EVP & CMO Zane Rowe - EVP & CFO Mark Moran - EVP & COO
Analysts: Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Kevin Crissey - UBS Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Dan McKenzie - Hudson Securities James Higgins - Soleil Securities Ted Reed - TheStreet.com Doug Cameron - Dow Jones Joe Perone - The Star-Ledger
Operator:  Welcome to Continental Airlines second quarter 2010, financial results conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded Thursday of July 22, 2010. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Communications and Global and Government Affairs; and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First, Ms. Foxhall, maam you may begin.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you John. Good morning everyone, joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Smisek, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer; Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Mark Moran and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman to discuss Continentals second quarter 2010 financial results. Jeff will begin with some overview comments after which Jim will review our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. And with questions, we will follow the executive comments and then we will begin a question-and-answer session for the media. We would appreciate if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow-up. With that I will turn it over to, DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you Nene, earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the third quarter and full-year 2010 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC. Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net income excluding special items. Please note that a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures as well as the investor update can be found on our website at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2009 10-K and with other security filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thank you, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us. I also want to thank all my co-workers. Across the system, they have done a tremendous job managing record high load factors while delivering a great product and excellent customer service, day in and day out. I appreciate all their efforts. Continental reported net income of $257 million or a profit of $1.60 per diluted share for the second quarter, excluding $24 million of merger related costs and other special charges. Including these special items, our net income was $233 million or $1.46 per share. These results were largely driven by improvement in the revenue environment. Business traffic is coming back, though slowly. Leisure demand has been strong and we expect it will remain so throughout the remainder of the summer. This demand strength, together with the capacity reductions over the last couple of years have helped us to manage yields up. Jim has more detail to share with you in a moment, but I think you will agree that the direction of revenue streams is encouraging. We have also been growing our ancillary revenue streams, our customers are taking advantage of the additional options we have begun to offer such as day of departure upgrades and premium seating. Together, these two initiatives are currently generating over $200,000 per day in additional revenue. On the operation side, we maintained our excellent completion rate by achieving the systemwide mainline segment completion factor of 99.3% for the quarter despite cancellations caused by the Icelandic volcano. We achieved a mainline domestic on-time performance of 80% or greater in all three of the months during the quarter and my co-workers earned $6 million in cash incentives for that performance. So, its too early to tell what the fall trends will be like, but we are pleased with the revenue and demand trends we have been seeing so far. We continue to exercise capacity discipline and for the full year 2010, we expect both our consolidated and mainline capacity will be up only about a 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year, with our mainline domestic capacity down, a 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year. As for next year its too soon to say what the capacity of the merged carrier will be, but I can tell you that I am pleased with the benefits Continental has experienced from capacity discipline. Over the last several years, we have been focused on reducing capacity in the geographic areas that underperformed, to that end our 2010 mainline domestic capacity will be down about 12% versus 2007. I expect to continue this rigorous domestic capacity discipline as we look to optimize the merged carrier suite across the combined network. Historically, substantially all of our profits have come from our international operations, so we are highly motivated to achieve an appropriate balance between our domestic and international capacity. During the quarter, continental announced that next year it will initiate non-stop service between Houston and Auckland, New Zealand; Houston and Lagos, Nigeria and New York and Cairo, Egypt. Given the combined strength of the Continental and United Networks as well as the breadth of connections provided by our Star Alliance partners, these routes are excellent opportunity to expand our global reach while benefiting our bottom line. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jim and Zane, I want to give a brief update on the progress of our merger. Between the two companies, we have several hundred people divided into about 30 functional teams working on integration planning. We have held a series of joint meetings and the teams are off to a good start in laying the path towards successful integration. On the regulatory front, we have made all the necessary DOT and international filings and we continue to work closely with the Department of Justice. As expected we received the DOJs second request in early June and we and United are working towards complying with it. Continental and United have agreed to provide the DOJ with additional time beyond the statutory 30 days after our compliance with that second request, to complete its review. We expect our separate shareholder meetings will be held in late September. Things are progressing well and I remain confident that we will close the transaction in the fourth quarter. In addition, I am pleased that we and United reached an agreement in principal for a transition and process agreement with our two pilot groups which is a good first step on the road to negotiating in a timely fashion a joint collective bargaining agreement and having our pilots to agree on an integrated seniority list. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim and Zane to discuss this quarters revenue and cost performance detail.
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff, I join Jeff in thanking our co-workers for running a great operation and delivering excellent customer service. They have also done a great job staying focused on maximizing revenue opportunity, including continuing to pull our participation in Star Alliance. In addition to expanding our JV with United, Lufthansa and Air Canada, we have been busy adding codeshare flights with our other Star partners. Since April, we have implemented codeshare relationships with Air New Zealand, SAS, and TAM of Brazil. And plan to implement codesharing with both Brussels Airlines by the end of July. In addition, we have completed agreements with Aegean of Greece and Spanair of Spain. And we will begin codesharing with them upon receipt of government approval. Moving onto our second quarter revenue results. Our mainline RASM was up 18.8% due primarily to strength in mainline yields, which were up 16.3% year-over-year. We also continue to run strong load factors, setting a second quarter mainline load factor record of 85%, up 1.8 points year-over-year.  During the quarter, our mainline passenger RASM, on a length of haul-adjusted basis outperformed the industry average. In the second quarter, our RASM outperformed the industry by 9.8 points. So again congratulations to our team on the job well done. Regional RASM for the second quarter was up 23.8% year-over-year due to stronger yield, which was up 19.9% year-over-year and stronger load factor which was up 2.5 points. We like the trends we are seeing, but continue to believe this will be a long, slow recovery. We have seen a continued sequential improvement in high yield passengers since the beginning of the year, but their numbers were still down about 20% in June 2010 compared to June 2008 and revenue from high-yield passengers was down about 10% in June 2010 compared to 2008. Transatlantic and Transpacific year-over-year BusinessFirst RASM for the second quarter continued to see material improvements attributable to both improved yields and higher load factors.  I realize the year-over-year comps for the second quarter were still pretty easy, but on a year-over-two year basis, both Transatlantic and Transpacific BusinessFirst load factor were up nicely for the second quarter. And both Transatlantic and Transpacific BusinessFirst yields were positive in May and June on a year-over-two year basis. As I mentioned, we continue to fill up our participation in Star very nicely and are pleased with the revenue results thus far. On a year-over-year basis, our second quarter total passenger revenue was up19.7%, but our total partner revenue was up 73% due to our membership in Star. On a year-over-two year basis, our second quarter total passenger revenue was down 9%, but our total partner revenue was up 16%. The value of Star to Continental continues to outperform our expectations and is significantly better for us than our former alliance. Last July we, United, Lufthansa and Air Canada received DOT approval to establish the Transatlantic joint venture. We have already implemented many aspects of the JV including joint inventory management and pricing, joint marketing, joint sales and joint corporate contracts. As part of the Transatlantic JV, we are in negotiations to implement a revenue sharing structure. As currently contemplated, that structure would result in payments between participants, based on a formula that compares current period unit revenue performance on Transatlantic routes to a historical period or base line which is reset annually. The payments will be calculated on a quarterly basis and subject to a cap. Assuming that revenue sharing is implemented and that the revenue sharing formula is applied retroactive to January 1, 2010 as currently contemplated, we estimate that our liability for revenue sharing payments to joint venture carriers, whom we have outperformed with the approximately $40 million for the six months ended June 30 2010. However this estimate of our revenue sharing obligation for the first six months of 2010 is not indicative of our expectations for the full year as we currently expect our net obligation for 2010 to be substantially less than this amount. Now turning to the outlook for July RASM, we still have a little over a week left in the month of July and things could change, but based on the data thus far we are currently estimating both consolidated and mainline July RASM will be up about 21% year-over-year. Again these numbers are preliminary estimates based on the data we have for July thus far. With that Ill turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Jim. I want to begin by thanking the entire Continental team for all their contributions to a good quarter. Our team did a great job delivering strong cost performance while running a solid operation. Our second quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special item was up 2.2% year-over-year. Revenue related costs such as commissions and reservations and sales expense were the primary drivers of the increase year-over-year. We also made an accrual for profit sharing based on our year-to-date pretax income. CASM came in slightly lower than expected primarily due to a security fee refund from the TSA. In the second half of the year, we expect to see some pressure on CASM, again due to high revenue related expenses as well as increased variable compensation tied to profitability. We also expect increased expenses related to a higher level of frequent flyer reward activity as our one pass members take advantage of our expanded Star network. For the full-year 2010, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both our consolidated and mainline CASM to be at 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year. We continue to work to improve our cost structure and efficiencies across all areas of the operation. Our EBITDAR margin excluding special items was 19%, our best performance for the second quarter since 2003. Turning to fuel, our second quarter consolidated fuel price including taxes and hedge impact was $2.26 per gallon. Given the current forward curve, we estimate that including taxes and hedge impact, our third quarter and full-year consolidated fuel price will be $2.21 per gallon. Weve hedged about 50% of our remaining 2010 fuel needs and about 12.5% of the first half of 2011 using a mix of swaps, collars and call options. Further detail of our current hedge position is outlined in our investor update filed earlier today. Our fuel efficiency remains our best hedge again rising fuel prices. Our mainline fleet is approximately 10% more efficient than the average of our network peers. We continue to pursue improved fuel efficiency. We have one of the best aircraft order books and as of this quarter, we have all of our narrow body aircraft fitted with fuel saving winglet. We ended the second quarter with 337 mainline aircrafts in service, in the third quarter we will place nine new 737-800s and two new 777-200s into service. On the regional side, we ended the second quarter with 251 regional aircraft flown on our behalf under capacity purchase agreement. We will place one additional Q400 into service in the third quarter. As Jeff mentioned we are focused on capacity discipline and on achieving an appropriate balance between domestic and international capacity. With that in mind, we reached an agreement in principle with Boeing to defer it to 2015, three 737 aircraft originally scheduled to deliver in the first half of 2011. Moving onto the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $3.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investment. This was our highest quarter-ending cash balance on record. As a percentage of our last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 26%. We also expect to end the third quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. For the full year 2010, we estimate our cash capital expenditures will be approximately $400 million. This includes both non-aircraft and aircraft related expenditures. Earlier, this month we contributed $38 million to our defined benefit pension plans, bringing our year-to-date contribution to $112 million. Our remaining minimum funding requirement for this year is $33 million. In conclusion in the months ahead, while we work to ensure a smooth merger transition, we will remain focused on running a clean, safe and reliable operation. We continue to have many advantages. Our employees are among the most professional and dedicated in the industry. Through Star Alliance, we offer customers access to the worlds leading network. We continue to invest in our modern fuel efficient fleet and our award winning products and we are growing our revenue streams by offering our customers more product choices while maintaining costs and capacity discipline. All this together with our working together culture provides us the platform to achieve and sustain our goal of profitability. With that I will turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek:  Thanks, Jim and Zane. We are pleased with our second quarter results and the demand trends we are currently seeing give us the reason to be optimistic about the outlook. We are committed to focusing on our day-to-day business, while our dedicated team handles merger integration matters. Our merger will result in many changes. However, our focus on our culture, our people, our customers and our performance wont to be changing. I look forward to leading the team that brings together the strengths of each company and creates the platform for achieving and sustaining profitability. With that I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel:  Thank you Jeff, Jim and Zane. With that we are ready to begin our question-and-answer session for the analysts, followed by the question-and-answer session for the media. John if you could please review the Q&A process, we are ready to begin.
Operator:  Thank you we will now begin the question-and-answer Session. (Operator Instructions) and our first question comes from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley:  Jeff if we look at Continental as a standalone, historically you have grown a bit faster on capacity than the industry and your comments earlier in the prepared remarks suggest as you think about being a combined entity with United, thats changing a bit. So is it fair to say that a right characterization that United as a combined entity with Continental will sort of lead the industry at capacity discipline, is that the way you are thinking about it?
Jeff Smisek:  No, I am not saying that Bill, what I am saying is that we at Continental are very focused on returning to profitability and sustaining it and in our merger with United that is our focus as well. We will have the capacity that we think is appropriate to make sure that we maximize our profitability and we will also allocate our capacity appropriately to markets where we are making money and we will be thoughtful about capacity in markets where we are not making them.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: As a separate question, we talked with United on their call about sort of where they think they are on the ancillary game, they said effectively there is a lot of upside left. I have often thought Continental is taking more of a wait-and-see approach on some of these items and perhaps been a little bit less aggressive. When you think about even Continental as standalone, sort of Id kind of ask you where do you think you are in the game, but equally important how do you think about the net impact from this unbundling because obviously you guys have taken the approach in some senses where the fare is actually where you are going to capture that by keeping things in. But youve have slowly begun to move away from that. So, how does that sort of balance out and then when you combine it, is it a big opportunity thats not yet identified?
Jeff Smisek: Bill, I think ancillary revenue is a significant opportunity for Continental, and I think that United has done a very good job. There are many issues related to rolling out our ancillary revenue products. There are IT issues, there are global distribution system issues, there are timing issues in terms of where it is in the chain of purchase, whether its a prepurchase or day of departure or post purchase. So there are many opportunities and I think we are beginning to explore many of those opportunities and well announce them as they come out, but I think that there are significant benefits to ancillary revenues. I think there will be significant future benefits and I think ancillary revenues will be a growing revenue stream for Continental and I believe will be a growing revenue stream for the combined carrier as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Jim, maybe you could comment about your July RASM number, looks like a pretty good number, I guess, compared to some that we've heard. Was there any change in Latin America that would get you to that number?
Jim Compton: Our guidance is really just the consolidate mainline, so I wouldnt comment on July by entity at all. But if you look at the second quarter that we reported, clearly for us particularly in the month of May HN1N1 last year had an effect, we were an industry leader in pulling capacity out. Quite frankly we are obviously large in Mexico where a lot of HN1N1 sit. So really they would clearly impact in terms of our RASM number as kind of moved to the quarterly in the second quarter, but for July, my comments are on the 21% on mainline consolidated.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: And Jim, maybe you could comment on your thoughts on Google's attempted acquisition of ITA?
Jim Compton: We are actually an early adopter of the ITA software and have a really good relationship and a strong business partnership with ITA. They have a really good shopping solution, that we use on continental.com and its worked very well for us, as we have seen some terrific penetration on continental.com in terms of tickets and the growth in terms of our percent of revenue that was falling on continental.com and that shopping solution is a low fare search engine that has served us well. That being said, there are alternatives to that shopping solution in the market place, both internally and externally. So to your question as it relates specifically, we are going to watch the business plan at Google and ITA has been a great partner, but clearly way too early for us to comment on that, but knowing that there are alternatives, both internal external to that shopping solution.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: But I think you'll have the opportunity to register some sort of complaint as would others who use the software, I imagine, similar to what you're getting with the merger, you'd be able to do something similar with Google. Does Continental have a position on whether you would file a complaint?
Jeff Smisek:  We are not going to comment on that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Helane Becker from Dahlman Rose. 
Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose:  Two things, one, there were some news reports this morning out of the EU that they're prepared to approve the merger between you and United. Have you seen those, have they given you any indication that they're going to respond to you within the next week or so? 
Jeff Smisek:  I am not aware of that report sitting here at this point in time. I will tell you that it wouldnt surprise me because this is a very pro-competitive transaction, so thats unsurprising to me. 
Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose:  And then the second question, just with respect to leisure demand versus business demand, last year leisure was very strong and business was not and this year you're saying you're seeing the increases in premium. Are you seeing any signs that leisure is turning down?
Jim Compton:  Obviously with the summer period, seasonally strong demand, the market place has pricing thats stronger than last year on the leisure fare with some of the surcharges in the industry. So we are seeing strong demand on the leisure side. We talk about the next six weeks being booked on domestically 1 to 2 points.  That again is a sign, the booking curve relatively year-over-year has shifted closer in for revenue management to take in opportunities with that. I would also kind of add to that, that once again in the earnings release, it was record load factors both mainline and consolidated. So I think what we are saying is we are seeing really strong leisure demand with yield as well as a continued improvement in business traffic as we have seen it go through the second quarter.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan. 
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan:  It looks like a bit more cost pressure in the second half of the year, particularly when you factor in the cost in the second quarter. I'm curious if you made any material changes in regards to your profit sharing assumptions?
Zane Rowe:  Jamie, what you are seeing there is our updated guidance based on our overall view of what the rest of the year looks like. So as I touched on, you have got revenue-related expenses which would include commissions RASM sales and then obviously along with that we have a number of other expenses that we go up. As our profitability view increases, profit sharing accruals would increase as well and likewise as they come down, they come down as well.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: And secondly, for Jim you talk about premium yield trends not being fully recovered yet. I think everybody sort of gets that, but I'm curious whether you believe that's more of a volume issue? Are there simply fewer business travelers out there? Or is there any evidence of increased buydown to lower coach fares, maybe the fences just haven't been fully restored yet? I guess I'm just trying to understand where the core business travel demand has actually changed that much, or whether business travel pricing might be, what's still different? And lastly, if you're seeing anything different in terms of yield trends in the markets where you've unveiled the new biz first seat?
Jim Compton: Yes, I think if you look at our high yield that we referred, I would say it is a little bit of combination of all the things that you talk about, but specifically its more the volume, not being back at the levels and, I mentioned 20% decline in passengers with 10% decline in revenue. So the average yields are actually stronger than that (inaudible) period pre-recession, but the volumes are still growing back which of kind ties. We constantly talk about the slow recovery and those absolute volumes building back. In terms of buyback, we recently again had a corporate advisory with our corporate travel managers in June, pretty consistent that business is coming back slowly, I would say they talk about less restrictions in terms of travel policy and we havent heard anything about more restrictions in travel policies from that advisory group.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: And in terms of demand trends in the markets where you have unveiled the new product any change there, are you likely to generate a return on the upgrade?
Jim Compton: Yes, we are actually having terrific performance where our flat bed seats have gone into the market place. We as of June have scheduled all of New York to London, all of London with a flat bed seat and London performance is doing terrific and so forth. As well as you know we are having strong performance into Asia and we are up to 25 airplanes with the 757 and the 777 with the flat bed seat, the customer reaction has been fantastic to that seat and so yes we are seeing good business traffic because of the seat.
Jeff Smisek: So Jamie, just think how great it will be when we got that flat bed seats on an aircraft like the 787.
Jamie Baker - JPMorgan: I won't hold my breath, having been on a 787 earlier this week, still looks like they got to do a lot of work. But thank you for that. I look forward to trying the new product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay from Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: Is this a new announcement of the I guess you're referring four or three 900 ERs. Is that a new announcement? What drove that? Is it maybe merger-related or maybe can I extrapolate some commentary on how you're thinking about demand levels really next year?
Gerry Laderman: That is a new announcement and its really just finetuning our mix of narrow bodies and wide bodies. You know just looking at overall, as Jeff said keeping the focus on appropriate capacity.
Zane Rowe: Those are three aircrafts that we deferred.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: Three aircraft, and they were 900 ERs.
Zane Rowe: We just call them 737.
Jeff Smisek: They are the 737.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: Ok got it I appreciate that. And just a quick review, Gerry, what is the financed portion of your aircraft CapEx for the remainder of the year?
Gerry Laderman: We dont have that specifically broken out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank: Two questions here. Just I guess for Zane, looking at the pension numbers, it looks like over the last month, the cash contribution for 2010 moved up a bit, and I'm curious what drove that especially since I think we got another little bit of helping from the legislation on the pension front. What's going on there?
Zane Rowe: We highlighted the minimal obligation thats not necessarily what we plan on funding and so we funded a little bit more than we needed to through the course of the month thats the only difference there.
Michael Linenberg - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just my second question, and this is to Jim, it was great that you gave us the contribution from your partners, both on a year-over-year and a two-year basis. As you've moved into Star, how much of that reflects maybe a shift in point of sale? Now that you're in Star and you're more heavily involved in this alliance than the prior one, are you having a bit more success in picking up some overseas sales or how should we think about that?
Jim Compton: I think that is one way to think about, I will tell you for instance, working with Lufthansa and our placement and working with them on corporate contracts out of Germany is significantly more than what we were doing within the SkyTeam alliance and so forth. So the ability to attract some of that high yield business traffic offshore is one of the benefits that we are seeing given our Star relationship and particularly our JV relationship.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital. 
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Wanted to have one quick clarification, Jim. When you were referring to this $40 million in the negotiation, there's nothing that's been accrued on that, right? It's not something that would reverse, that's all forward-looking, correct?
Zane Rowe: Thats correct. The portion of the contract hasnt been signed, so we are not accruing anything for that.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: And then could you give us a little bit of color on how domestic versus international profitability looks relative to where it's been in the past? We know it was a wide margin several years ago, but a lot has changed and domestic capacity has been down, revenues recovering internationally, but of course it took a bigger hit last year, so where are we? Is that narrower than it's historically been or is it sort of in a normal place?
Jim Compton: I would say that its narrower. As I look at the second quarter the thing that you always obviously have to keep in mind is the seasonality of quarters and things like that. So we clearly see the relative strength in international, but I think as it refers clearly to the second quarter, we have seen some of that narrowing.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: And then just one last one. Something that seems a little unusual this earnings season is just there's more confidence seemingly in the September outlook than there typically is. Usually you hear people say at this time of year, Lord knows what's going to happen in September and I'm just curious if you agree with that and, if so, what might be driving the confidence that's higher than at least any time I can remember?
Jim Compton: Both from the investor update and then obviously with my comments on July our comments are really kind of the six-week help period and so really dont have a comment on what other folks are saying on September at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan McKenzie from Hudson.
Dan McKenzie - Hudson Securities: With respect to the merger, which operating certificate are you planning to operate under? United's or your own? And then related to that, what implications would that have with respect to how the airline would be operated post merger?
Jeff Smisek: We havent made that decision yet.
Dan McKenzie - Hudson Securities: Implications, one way or the other, depending once you do make that decision?
Jeff Smisek: There are advantages and disadvantages that are mostly technical under each operating certificate and this is a fairly technical discussion thats going on currently right now, but I think that in the long run, I dont think you are going to see material differences in how we operate the businesses as based on whichever operating certificate we got to pick.
Mark Moran: At the end of the day, it isnt that big issue because its going to be best practices and a revised certificate with the best of both companies.
Dan McKenzie - Hudson Securities: Then the second question is really also a house cleaning question here. Regarding the Pacific JV, does the merger need to be completed by a particular date before the JV grant would be lost?
Jeff Smisek: No, the merger and the JV are not related at all. We and the United have applied, we would expect approval of that later this year, but that approval is not related in anyway to whether we merge with United or not merge with United?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Higgins from Soleil Securities.
James Higgins - Soleil Securities: Can you comment on thoughts about the impact of the AABA, antitrust JV starting up in the transatlantic? You guys and everyone else really have had a bit of an advantage to them over the past years. Any thoughts on what they're finally getting together mean?
Jeff Smisek: We have been anticipating that. We had every expectation that it would be approved, we have a solid competitive position across the Atlantic. We certainly with our merger with United will provide a vast and very attractive global network and as we have also interlines competition, but we are very comfortable with our position. We are very comfortable going forward, we are very comfortable with AABA.
James Higgins - Soleil Securities: There was a pretty big negative swing in the non-operating, other non-operating income or expense, it moved to an expense item. Other than the foreign currency charge, anything special going on there?
Zane Rowe: The foreign currency was the bulk of it. Theres a small amount of hedging effect in this, but that was it. It was $10 million for the quarter.
DeAnne Gabel: With that John we are ready to move to the Q&A session for the media.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we have question from Ted Reed from the TheStreet.com.
Ted Reed - TheStreet.com: My question, we're at the end of the quarterly reports now. It was a pretty sensational quarter. From your position as about to run the biggest airline, is this an industry as you look back on this quarter that's been fixed and capacity restraint has taken out a lot of the historic problems in this industry, and are we in a new era for the airline industry?
Jeff Smisek: Ted, I dont know that we are in new era. I think that we went through some pretty rough times. The economy is recovering, thats a good thing. Airlines are focused on profitability, certainly we at Continental and we combined with United will be, well take all the actions that we need to take to normally restore ourselves properly, but to be able to sustain those through the business cycle, thats our goal and we are going to be very focused on that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Doug Cameron from Dow Jones.
Doug Cameron - Dow Jones: You've got six 787s to come next year. You've announced a couple of rates and I know you wouldn't tell me now any other new ones. Can you guide us to whether those aircraft will be split between existing fill in services or there might be some additional new routes to go with the planes?
Jeff Smisek: We have announced a couple of new routes that we will fly 787s on, to Lagos and to Auckland. We're going to use those aircraft, both in new routes and also in existing routes and we can also use them seasonally to routes. So we will use them in various ways depending on how our profits maximize.
Doug Cameron - Dow Jones: I'm looking forward to the Chicago Edinburgh service.
Jeff Smisek: I hope you are.
Doug Cameron - Dow Jones: Some people, and I won't name names, have been a little bit rude about the sort of forging of the United and Continental liveries, logos, et cetera. Is what you see on the merger website what you're going to see on the side of a plane if it all goes through or do you have a design guru or guress who may be perhaps finessing the branding?
Jeff Smisek: I think the branding is just marvelous Doug and we are going to be painting the aircraft promptly. We want a uniform fleet and we will be doing that from the day that we close the merger.
Doug Cameron - Dow Jones: My kids say the United name is too big, so there you go. 
Jeff Smisek: Well we may listen to your children Doug,
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Perone from The Star-Ledger.
Joe Perone - The Star-Ledger: Can you say what your headcount is expected to be by the fourth quarter?
Jeff Smisek: I dont think that we typically talk about that 
Zane Rowe: We can tell you though that we had just over 38,700 as for the second quarter. Those are FTEs, those arent headcount.
Joe Perone - The Star-Ledger: Another question, you talked about the ancillary revenue opportunities. Can you give an example of some of those opportunities and any dollar amount that you can provide us with?
Jeff Smisek: We could, but I am not going to.
Operator: At this time I show no questions.
Nene Foxhall: Okay, so its no more question, well conclude. Jeff, Jim, Zane and DeAnne, thanks for your participation and thanks to all of you for joining us. Please call corporate communications if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Nene Foxhall  SVP, Communications and Government Affairs DeAnne Gabel  Director, IR Jeff Smisek  Chairman, President and CEO Jim Compton  EVP, President and Chief Marketing Officer Zane Rowe  EVP and CFO Gerry Laderman  SVP, Finance and Treasurer 
Analysts: Jamie Baker  JPMorgan Dan McKenzie  Hudson Securities Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus Bill Greene  Morgan Stanley Kevin Crissey  UBS Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint Terry Maxon  Dallas Morning News Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters David Koenig  Associated Press Jed Melnick  New York Times Richard Newman  The Record Ted Reed  TheStreet.com Dan Reed  USA TODAY 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Continental Airlines first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded Thursday, April 22, 2010. I would like to turn the conference over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Communications and Government Affairs; and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First Ms. Foxhall, maam you may begin.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Mark Moran; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman to discuss Continentals first quarter 2010 financial results. Jeff will begin with some overview comments after, which Jim will review our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. And with questions, we will follow the executive comments, and then we will begin a question-and-answer session for the media. We would appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow up. With that I will turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thanks, Nene. Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the second quarter and full-year 2010 and other information. This investor update was included and filed with the SEC. Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net income excluding special items. Please note that a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures as well as the investor update can be found on our website at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2009 10-K and with other securities filings. With that, let me turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek : Thanks, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us. I want to start by thanking my coworkers for overcoming the many operational challenges we had this quarter. Despite those challenges, the remain committed to delivering a high-quality product and excellent customer service that our passengers come to expect from us. I also want to thank our customers and crews for their patience as we work through recover from the operational challenges caused by the volcanic ash plume in Europe. Beginning last Wednesday, the volcanic ash led to the cancellation of some UK-bound flights and most eastbound flights canceled on Thursday, escalating to the cancellation of virtually all our European operations for the next five days.  Yesterday, we resumed all our eastbound flights and today we began to operating a full schedule to Europe and have added extra flights as well as larger aircraft. We will continue to look for opportunities to add more seats to help re-accommodate our passengers. We understand how stressful it can be to be stranded faraway from home and also understand the difficulty our customers maybe experiencing in getting re-accommodated. We are keenly focused on getting our customers to their scheduled destination as quickly as possible. Now, turning to our financial results, for the first quarter of 2010, Continental reported a net loss of a $146 million, which is a loss of $1.05 per diluted share or a loss of $0.98 per diluted share excluding $10 million of severance and aircraft special charges. On the operational front, twice during the quarter, we had severe winter storms that forced us to suspend operations at our North Liberty Hub. Our team did an excellent job of getting the operation back on schedule and seeing to our customers. Our system wide mainline completion factor was 98.3% for the quarter.  Running an airline is a tough business. We have low barriers to entry and high barriers to exit, resulting in a highly fragmented and brutally competitive business, but its prone to overcapacity. Notwithstanding this reality, I and my entire management team and my more than 40,000 coworkers around the world are committed to achieving and sustain profitability. To do that, we must increase revenue, decrease cost and take decisive actions to remain competitive. We are offering our customers more choice among the products and services they want and they are willing to pay for. And we will be offering additional products and services in the future. We continue to invest in modern fuel efficient aircraft and in our onboard product and are getting very good reviews for our flatbed seats, direct TV and audio/video on demand. We are also investing in self service technology that is better for our customers and less costly to Continental. We are changing at Continental and changing at a rapid pace, but two things wont change. Our commitment to providing clean, safe and reliable transportation and are working together culture of open, honest, and direct communication and treating each other and our customers with dignity and respect. Part of change is being thoughtful and responsive to changing industry dynamics. While I will not comment on recent press speculation concerning potential consolidation in our industry, I will say the following: as you would expect of a responsible management team, we are examining Continentals options and we will take whatever action we believe to be in the best interest of our coworkers, stockholders, customers, and the communities we serve. Neither I nor my colleagues will be commenting any further on consolidation matters at this time. In addition to leveraging the power of our membership and Star Alliance, and optimizing traditional passenger revenue, as I mentioned last quarter, we are focused on offering customers more control over the components of travel they select and pay for. We estimate bag fee revenue will be about $350 million this year.  Not only do we benefit from additional revenue, we also benefit operationally from not having as many as bags to handle. Of the customers that are subject to the bag fee, on a bags checked per passenger basis, since the fees were implemented.  We have seen a 17% drop in domestic first bags checked, a 66% drop in domestic second bags checked, a 52% drop in Latin second bags checked, and a 38% drop in trans-Atlantic second bags checked. Thus, our fees are affecting consumer behavior in a way thats good for us. In addition to bag fees, we have implemented and continued with floor, a number of other ancillary revenue opportunities.  During the quarter, we rolled out the option for customers to purchase premium seat assignments for economy class seats with extra legroom. This is an offering our customers clearly value and are willing to pay for and we are currently generating over a $100,000 a day from this initiative, thats revenue we never collected before.  Other example of expanded choice that we will offering customers this fall is high-quality healthy food for purchase in economy class on many US, Canadian, and certain Latin American routes. We estimate that on an annual basis, this will save us about $35 million, assuming we simply breakeven on food sales. Moving on to our network enhancements, at the end of March, we inaugurated non-stop daily service between Liberty and Munich, further enhancing our connectivity with Star Alliance Partners. We also increased our daily flights between New York and Londons Heathrow Airport from three to four and we will add a fifth daily departure in October, bringing our total number of daily departures to Heathrow to seven, including our twice daily service from Houston.  London is an important part of our network and we are pleased to be to offer our customers increased schedule utility. In addition, beginning in June, all aircrafts scheduled for Heathrow flights will feature our new flatbed business first seats, a product enhancement our customers who have experienced it, clearly enjoy. We continue to believe in and exercise capacity discipline. We have pulled down our estimates for the year yet again as we fine tuned our falls schedule. For 2010, we now expect our consolidated and mainline capacity is going to be up only 0.5% to 1.5% with our mainline domestic capacity down a 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year and our mainline international capacity up 2% to 3% year-over-year. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim and Zane to discuss the quarters revenue and cost performance details.
Jim Compton:  Thanks, Jeff. I join Jeff in thanking our coworkers for running a great operation this past quarter, despite a lot of operational challenges. They have also done a superb job implementing and executing on our Star Alliance membership.  Throughout the quarter, our mainline passenger RASM, on a length of haul adjusted basis, outperformed the industry average. While it is not unusual for us to run a RASM premium to the industry, for the last six months, our RASM has outperformed the average of the APA reporting carrier by anywhere from six to more than 10 basis points. And for the first quarter, our RASM outperformed the industry by 8.6 points. So we feel pretty good about our relative performance as it relates to RASM. In each of the months throughout the first quarter, we experienced sequential improvement in our year-over-year RASM percent changes. The results of the first quarter was that mainline RASM was up 5.4% due to strong load factors which were up 4.3 points year-over-year, while main line yields were about flat year-over-year.  Regional RASM was up 16.7% year-over-year, due to both stronger yield, which were up 10% year-over-year and stronger load factor which was up 4.3 points. As the economy started its downturn, regional yields were where we first saw the hit to revenue, as regional markets are more sensitive to business traffic. So it is an encouraging sign to see these markets rebound.  That said we are still very early in what maybe a long recovery. But we like the direction of the recent trend. Throughout January, February and March, we saw improvement in leisure yield. So this trend bodes well for the summer. We have also seen sequential improvements in the year-over-year change in high yield passengers.  In a recovery, it is difficult to see high yield passenger volumes come back first, so you can begin to manage yields up, which we have begun to do. However, the improvement so far has been modest with high yield revenue in passengers up year-over-year in the first quarter, but still below first quarter 2008 level. We continued to see sequential improvement in trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific year-over-year business first RASM throughout the quarter attributable to both load factors and yield improvement. However, the year-over-year comps for the first quarter were pretty easy. On a year over two-year basis, both trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific business first load factors were up several points, but yields were still negative. However, the yield trends are headed in the right direction. And Star Alliance continues to pull up very nicely. We are pleased with the revenue result so far from the alliance. On a year-over-year basis, our first quarter total passenger revenue was up 7.1%. But our total partner revenue was up 39%, mostly due to our membership in Star.  Granted, last year is a bit of an abnormal comp as the economy and passenger revenue were in the free fall. But the Alliance result versus the first quarter 2008 are very encouraging as well. On a year over two-year basis, our first quarter total passenger revenues were down 13%, but our total partner revenue was up slightly. This is particularly impressive as we are still in the beginning stages of pulling up the Alliance. Now turning to the second quarter. Corporate revenue booking trends are positive and we are seeing a pickup in bookings inside of 14 days, so we are managing to a more normal booking pattern. Before I discuss April RASM expectation, I want to remind everyone that the year-over-year RASM comps gets sequentially easier as we move through the second quarter. Last April, our consolidated RASM was down 13.1% year-over-year with both May and June down 19.9% year-over-year. Also, please note that the April 09 comp is 6.5 points lower than the March 09 comparison.  As Jeff mentioned, our European operations were greatly impacted by the volcanic ash plume in Europe. We cancelled 400 flights or approximately 300 million ASM related to this event and estimate the negative passenger revenue impact at approximately $24 million. We still have over a week less in the month of April and things will likely change.  But based on the data thus far including the revenue and capacity impact related to the volcanic ash disruption, we are currently estimating consolidated April RASM will be up about 14% year-over-year. And main line April RASM will be up about 12% year-over-year. Again, these numbers are preliminary estimates based on the data we have for April thus far and likely will change. With that, I will turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe:  Thanks Jim. I want to begin by thanking the entire Continental team for running an excellent operations despite numerous weather events during the quarter. Our team also did a good job of controlling cost during the quarter. We will look to ways to reduce cost company wide and to operate more efficiently as we focus on achieving and sustaining profitability. Our first quarter main line CASM, holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was up 3.1%. CASM was negatively impacted by the severe winter storms during the quarter including blizzard like conditions in the New York area that caused us to suspend operations twice at Liberty International. We estimate these closures to have negatively impacted the first quarter results by approximately $15 million. For the full-year 2010, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both our consolidated and main line CASM to be up 1.5% to 2.5% year-over-year. We are seeing some cost pressure from the lower capacity outlook and increased depreciation expense from the acceleration of certain projects. In addition, we are seeing an increase in our frequent flyer activity with our stock partners, which results in higher expense from higher frequent flyers earning miles in Continental as well as hire reward expense as our one pass members take advantage of our expanded network. Our first quarter consolidated fuel price including taxes and hedge impacts was $2.15 per gallon, given the current forward curve, we estimate that including taxes and hedge impacts, our second quarter consolidated fuel price will be $2.28 per gallon, and for the full year $2.30. We currently have about 30% of our remaining 2010 fuel needs hedge using a mix of swap and call option. We continue to hedge our field exposure to mitigate some of the volatility of fuel prices. Our hedge position is outlined in our investor update. Our fuel efficient fleet remains our best hedge against rising fuel prices and we continue to add modern fuel efficient aircraft to our fleet. During the first quarter, we retired our three remaining 737 300 aircraft and ended the quarter with 333 main line aircraft in service. Our regional fleet decreased to 253 aircraft as we removed seven CRJ-200 and four Embraer 145 from our capacity purchase agreement. By the end of June, our mainline fleet will be down 14 aircraft year-over-year and our regional fleet counts will be down 15 aircrafts year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $3.15 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. As a percentage of our last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 25%. We expect to end the second quarter with between $3 billion and $3.1 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investment. For the full-year 2010, we estimate our cash capital expenditures will be approximately $425 million. This includes both non-aircraft and aircraft related expenditures. Earlier this month, we contributed $40 million to our defined benefit pension plan, bringing our year-to-date contributions to $74 million. We estimate our remaining minimum defined benefit pension funding requirement for this year are approximately $50 million. In conclusion, our entire team is focused on returning to profitability and sustaining that profitability. We have the best employees in the business and they deliver an industry leading products everyday. We offer customers a globally diverse network, which is further enhanced by being part of the best and largest alliance in the world.  We have committed to make smart investments in our products that are customers value and are willing to pay for. We are well positioned with our modern fuel efficient fleet, which will be further enhanced by the addition of the 787 next year. We are growing our revenue stream, while offering our customers more product choices and we are willing to challenge the way we have done things in the past and explore new opportunities.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek:  Thanks Jim and Zane. The economic environment is clearly improving and we are encouraged by that trend. However, we are only in the early stages of the recovery. Business travel is indeed returning, but at a slow pace.  A certain amount of caution regarding business trend is warranted as we are uncertain as to the level to which business travel will return. That said, the trends we have been seeing on the leader side bode well for the peak summer season. As always, we will continue to monitor the operating environment and will adapt if necessary to the challenges that arise.  We will continue to explore different approaches to the business and are willing to take measured and thoughtful product risk so we can start making money again. We are also well attuned to industry and competitive dynamics and will make changes necessitated by those dynamics. We have a great franchise and many strengths. We remain committed to leveraging those strength to return to and sustain profitability.  With that, I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel:  Thank you, Jeff, Jim, and Zane. With that we will begin the question-and-answer session for the analyst, followed by the question-and-answer session for the media. John, if you could please review the Q&A process, we are ready to begin.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jamie Baker from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Baker  JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning, everybody. A question probably for Zane. The ex-fuel CASM for the remainder of the year appears to have gone up slightly, basically in line with the amount of capacity that ends now  have been withdrawn. Makes perfectly good sense. But were there any changes to the underlying profit-sharing assumption, relative to the earlier ex-fuel CASM guidance that you had given?
Zane Rowe : Jamie, unfortunately I cant comment on that piece in particular. And as you know there are a lot of moving parts. I think I highlighted the critical components of the change, but I cant comment on our underlying profit assumption there.
Jamie Baker  JPMorgan: Let me ask the question in a slightly different way. When you provided your last guidance update in March, had you already captured the revision to your profit-sharing program that was announced earlier in the year?
Zane Rowe :  Yes, thats fair to assume Jaime.
Jamie Baker  JPMorgan: Thats fair to assume. Okay, thanks, thats it.
Zane Rowe :  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie from Hudson Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dan McKenzie  Hudson Securities : Hi, good morning guys.
Zane Rowe :  Good morning.
Dan McKenzie  Hudson Securities : Corporate travel managers tell me that eight frequencies a day between New York City and London Heathrow seems to be the magic number, for when corporate travel managers become indifferent to a carrier's schedules versus the competition. And feel free to disagree with that, but I see you folks are increasing the frequencies to five a day. And I guess my question is how much flexibility does Continental have? And this is assuming Continental ultimately joins the joint venture here to find more Heathrow slots from other JV partners?
Jeff Smisek:  Hi Dan, this is Jeff. We were locked out of Heathrow for a long time and its taken us a while to build the portfolio we have got and we are pretty pleased with ultimately being able to get five flights a day out of New York and twice a day out of Houston. But we will continue to look for growth opportunities.  Heathrow is an important, although from the perspective of our overall ASMs to Europe, relatively modest. At this point, we want to grow that and continue to grow that. So its really a function of slot availability, the time of the slots and the price of slots, but we are always interested in additional slots in the Heathrow, its a very important market for us and a growing one.
Dan McKenzie  Hudson Securities : Okay, understood. And then, I guess my second question here is can you talk about the flexibility to reduce regional jets?
Jim Compton:  Hi Dan, its Jim. I think the  we are actually  right now quite frankly in terms of our capacity, we are rarely comfortable with our regional capacity going forward. We have obviously contractual agreement with our partner, we can work within those contractual agreements. But right now, so there is  there is obviously flexibility with utilization within those contracts and so forth, but right now we are very comfortable with where we are at with our capacity.
Dan McKenzie  Hudson Securities : Okay, understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Hunter Keay from Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead. 
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, good morning.
Jim Compton:  Good morning. 
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: Jim, do you think the industry is spilling business travel right now? I mean load factors are high, CASM has come in a little bit light than most people are looking for this quarter. And we hear continued commentary how close in bookings are gradually improving and the curve is sort of normalizing. And if so, it's a two part question. If you are spilling, are you willing to maybe take some risk to drive your advance bookings down a little bit in the hopes that some of the other business travel will potentially spill under your aircraft? Do you think that's happening right now or is that dynamic you could see unfolding?
Jim Compton:  If I understand I question, we are managing to a business  different business curve year-over-year as its reflected even in our investor update again where we talk about bookings over the next six weeks, for instance, and the domestic being down versus last year. Very similar to what we said in the January investor update, and so continue to look for that. And then if you looked at our actual load factor both that we reported in February, January, February and March, they were all up year-over-year.  So what it does is, kind of validates that the booking curve, the way we are managing it has worked for us over the last quarter. And in this investor update we are basically saying the bookings in the first six weeks domestically are down year-over-year. So we will continue to do that, because I do think its slowly coming back. Those business traffic balances both I and Jeff mentioned, but it really slow and the absolute value are still down from 2008, getting closer more towards 2007, but on the revenue perspective, still way down from 2008.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus:  So I guess, maybe the question, a better way to put it is, would you be willing to take risks in the sense of obviously managing spill versus spoil. There is a sweet spot in there somewhere. Would you be willing to maybe spoil some seats to take the risk that you give yourself the opportunity to capitalize and maybe better than expected bookings?
Jim Compton:  I mean in the sense that by describing that our book load factor, that we are managing back toward a normal book load factor which means you are managing more toward in an environment where you are managing at the risk. I think we have moved in that direction and so we will continue to look like that, because clearly load factors are high and we would like mange up the yields.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Bill Greene  Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning. Jeff, in the past, I think you've said that Continental would consider or at least reconsider M&A if it found it was losing market share in the corporate market to merge Delta, Northwest. And so you sort of admitted earlier that you are at least looking at all options and Delta said on their call they think they have won about $100 million in business. So should we assume that you have seen a degradation in your corporate share where you are competing against Delta?
Jeff Smisek: I dont know that I would characterize it quite that way. I will tell you that we are a business travel airline and very focused on that and we continue to invest in our onboard product, for example in flatbed seats, AVOD, modern fleet to 787 coming and to attract corporate travel.  We are keenly focused on it. I think you could  I think you need to perhaps at Delta is the source of that corporate traffic, because there are other people that they must be claiming to take corporate traffic from. Clearly, we are in battle with Delta in New York, there is not question about that and in Latin America. I think we hold our own  certainly hold our own in the product, but I would  I cant really comment on Deltas numbers or where they are sourcing.
Jim Compton:  Hi Bill, this is Jim. And I  in their commentary, I also know they mentioned that they werent sure where its coming from. So looking at our data, we actually see pretty consistent share out there versus whats the  particularly in New York.
Bill Greene  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Also, can I ask you to comment a little bit on your updated capacity guidance? I realize some of it in the near term may be related to the volcanic disruptions. But one would think that if you were bullish on revenue, airlines generally would be adding to capacity, not cutting, but you are going in the opposite direction. Does that suggest a more cautious outlook from you?
Jeff Smisek: Bill this is Jeff. I am not sure its a cautious outlook as  what it really is, is we are just fine tuning the schedule. Obviously you have got the SM to come out from the volcano and things like that. But we have also had some aircraft delivery delays, because of the  the issues with the (inaudible) seats.  If you go out to Boeing Field, you will see a number of our aircraft scattered around the fields right now. And we are working to get seats on those aircraft and get the aircraft delivered. So its really more a recognition of some delivery delays we have got. But I will tell you we are focused on capacity discipline here. We want to make money here. And at Continental, we are probably have committed to the past in terms of spooling up utilization and spooling up capacity little too quickly and relative to demand and pricing. And we are going to be cautious and thoughtful about that.
Bill Greene  Morgan Stanley: I would applaud your discipline. I don't want you to think that I want to see you grow too fast. I just was curious if that suggested change in view. Thank you for the time.
Jeff Smisek: You bet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Hi, good morning. Jim, maybe this is for you. In January, I think you guided January RASM to down, I don't know, was it 3% or 4% and it came in at 1%. What was it that changed in January then? And what would have to happen to your 14%, to get your 14% number to be a percent or two higher than that RASM that you have guided to for April?
Jim Compton:  Yes. Kevin I think the  right now I think its really a function of business traffic and we have certain expectations that we have talked about the rate of growth in business traffic. My guess if we began to see business traffic accelerate versus our expectation that would be obviously trying for higher RASM. But again at this point, what we are seeing is a very slow pace to business traffic coming back.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Okay, and, well I guess I should just follow-up. I mean at this point in the month, I know business traveler books close in, but it's not that much walk-up. And then last week you get maybe 1% of your revenue for the month booked in for travel in the last week. So you got to have maybe 10% of revenues still left for the month. So to be off by a couple percent in January was kind of surprising, maybe it was just conservative guidance and that's what I am really trying to work around. 14%, I don't think is a bad number. I just wanted to assess whether there is a conservatism there.
Jim Compton:  Yes, I mean, again as I mentioned, its what we see today and (inaudible) has also  mentioned their likelihood change, because its the best information that we have as we look at April today.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Okay, and Air Tran mentioned losing some share to the online travel agencies. And I recall, I think in the past you have indicated something to that degree. What are your thoughts these days on that, we will be lapping the booking fee cuts from a year-ago and just want to get a sense for where that stands?
Jim Compton:  Obviously looking back, I think you are right. I think around last May of last year, the booking fees on the online agency they pulled and so we thought that effect our penetration on Continental.com. I will tell you that we see great strength on Continental.com today and we continue to invest in it and the feedback that we get is great. But you are right, we begin to lap that in May, but clearly there was an effect on our penetration rates.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: So would you ramp up, I mean to defend your website, do you ramp up your online advertising or whatever, Google and such?
Jim Compton:  The way I would like to think about it is reinvest in our website to bring value to customers, I think the best way to grow it is to increase best value to customers. So whether its a fair product, whether its some of the ancillary revenues that mentioned this morning that you can check in, take advantage of, as well as quite frankly continuing to add customer functionality to it. There is a lot of noise for instance with volcanic and the more that we can assist customers through the web and build that functionality which we continue to do today. I think thats what will bring value to our website and thats who we will compete.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question is from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Good morning, everybody. Wanted to see, Jim, you gave some year-over-two statistics, excuse me. And I just wondered if you could give us a sense of what your corporate revenue is doing on a year-over-two basis?
Jim Compton:  Yes, our revenue versus  Gary, versus 08?
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Yes, corporate revenue. Yes, I mean it's clearly, well it's up year-on-year, but where is it relative to year-over-two? And it would be great if you could give us a sense of how sharply that's been trending one direction or another.
Jim Compton:  Yes, keep it in perspective, in November and December, we saw its about high yield revenue which is all of our corporate bookings booked within seven days, so I just wanted to be clear on the base. And we talked to being down about a percent year-over-year in December. And so for the first quarter, our first quarter bag revenue was up 20% year-over-year, but still down 17% from 2008.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: And did  was there a difference in the way that looked through the quarter on a year-over-two basis? We know what happened during the quarter relative to last year. But 
Jim Compton:  Yes, I think we saw a sequential improvement  I got a leap year in 08, I am looking at numbers. I got a little bit  but January being down about 16% and March being down about 13% on a year-over-two year basis.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Okay, and then just when you made those comments. I wasn't fast enough to do the math on the fly and it was also a news release of interest during your call. Was that helpful to the April RASM, the volcanic ash, or was it hurtful when you did your revenue loss in ASM loss, where does that net to?
Jim Compton:  At this point, because the numbers are changing, I would say  I just want to be careful, because I would say its slightly helpful, but again its preliminary number in terms of kind of bookings closing out the month and so forth. So based on kind of what we would report today will be slightly positive.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Helane Becker from Jesup & Lamont. Please go ahead. 
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: Thank you very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. I heard your comments about consolidation and so on. And I don't know what you are willing to say about this. But have you heard at all from the Justice Department about how you might want to structure a transaction or have they been quiet about the whole thing?
Jeff Smisek:  Helane, this is Jeff. As I said, we are not going to have any further comments on consolidation.
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: Okay, that's fair. And my other question is can you make any comments or any updates on where you are in labor negotiations?
Jeff Smisek:  Sure, I will be happy to do that. We have as you know open contracts with most all of our work groups today. We are in negotiations with them, the negotiations continue. I wont comment on the subsequent negotiations, but I will tell you that we are treating these negotiations like we have always treated negotiations, which is we are interested in getting deals done, we are interested in getting deals done in a timely fashion, and we are interested in making sure that what we end up was fair to the company and fair to the employees.
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate your help. 
DeAnne Gabel:  John, we have time for one more question from the analyst.
Operator:  Our last question from the analyst comes from Bill Mastoris with Broadpoint, please go ahead. 
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint: Thank you. Gerry, I wonder if you could give us a status report on the aircraft deliveries into the EETCs. And maybe if you could just comment on how many remaining aircraft are yet to be placed into those transactions. And I'm specifically referring to really the second half of last year 2009-1 and 2009-2.
Gerry Laderman:  Bill, you are breaking up a little bit, this is Jerry. But I think you are asking about the 2009-2 EETC and the aircraft to go into that. There are some vintage aircraft that roll off an existing EETC in May that we expect to go into that EETC as the prospective outlines. And then with respect to new aircraft, the two 777s and nine 737s that were earmarked to that transaction, we expected this time to take delivery of those aircraft by the end of August, in which case they would go into that EETC.
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint: Okay, and Gerry, if you could comment briefly on the aircraft deliveries, for 2011. Maybe the financing for those, is that all non-back stop financing from other third parties which have been lined up or is that back stop financing?
Gerry Laderman:  We have no back stop financing for those aircrafts.
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint: For any deliveries, in 2011?
Gerry Laderman:  For any remaining deliveries at all.
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint: Okay, thank you. 
DeAnne Gabel:  With that, I will turn the call over to Nene, we can begin the session with the media Q&A.
Nene Foxhall: John, if you can briefly review the process for asking questions, we will begin the media session.
Operator:  Certainly. (Operator Instructions). We have a question from Terry Maxon from Dallas Morning News. Please go ahead.
Terry Maxon  Dallas Morning News: Good morning, guys. Question. We have got the DOT rules on delayed flights and tarmac delays coming up next Thursday. What do you all think the impact will be on your operations and on your general customer service?
Jeff Smisek: Well, Terry, we are  this is Jeff. We are very prepared for that. We had I think a very good program in place for quite a while not even necessarily in anticipation of rules, and I think we have done a good job. We, at Continental, have not had a single long-term delay since last August. So I think we have done a very good job. We are very focused on customer service and we are very focused on taking care of passengers.  Many of those delays, as you know, in fact all those delays are outside of our control, but we are keenly focused on the customer service elements of it and we want to get our passengers where they want to go on time. Sometimes we are hampered by the air traffic control system, which is quite antiquated and sometimes we are hampered by weather, but we have got  we have got plenty of planning and we have got the ability too and we will of course comply with the new regulation.
Terry Maxon  Dallas Morning News: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Deepa Seetharaman from Thomson Reuters. 
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: Please go ahead. Hi, Jeff, how are you? 
Jeff Smisek:  Great.
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: I wanted to know at first if you guys had any comment at all on the US Airways statement that came out during the call. Basically, US Airways said they have decided to discontinue merger discussions with United. Do you guys have anything to say to that?
Jeff Smisek:  No we do not.
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: I guess what has changed in the past couple of years since 2008 when you guys decided not to merge with United? I remember those being due to financial concerns, but how have industry balance sheets changed in the past two years and to the point where you are now maybe weighing your options. And I am also referring to some of your comments at a March conference where you said you would bulk up defensively if you needed to. It seemed to be a shift in the common rhetoric about consolidation from Continental?
Jeff Smisek:  Nice try, but we will have no further comments. 
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: Okay, and then maybe can you talk a little bit more about the demand environment. Any kind of comment on business traffic and we know that April is supposed to be up 13% but would you expect these kind of double-digit increases to continue for the rest for the next couple months?
Jeff Smisek:  Well, let me say, as we said earlier, business travel is indeed coming back, we are coming back slowly. The  what you are seeing as Jim contemplated out in terms of the unit revenue is remember the comps. The comparables from last year are very easy, because we are going to take this off back in time business travel was falling off a slip this time last year. So the year-over-year comps that you are going to see can be a little misleading, because they are out of a very low base.
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: So might we see a smaller increase in May?
Jeff Smisek:  We  I am not  we dont give forward guidance on RASM or CASM.
Deepa Seetharaman  Thomson Reuters: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Koenig from Associated Press. Please go ahead.
David Koenig  Associated Press: Good morning. I won't try again on the consolidation thing. I will ask something else. You have talked about some of the steps you are taking to return to profitability. I wondered if there are any recent or future steps that you would highlight that are specific designed to deal with the high fuel costs including your views on hedging.
Jeff Smisek:  Well, I will take a couple of things and maybe ask Zane to jump in. What really focus on from the long-term is we take delivery of and operate a modern and fuel efficient fleet. That is the best hedge, because thats not a financial derivative, thats a physical asset that is very efficient. And at any fuel level is beneficial to us.  In addition to that, we engage in the  in typical hedging activities to mitigate again some of the volatility that we see in the fuel market, we use call options, swaps, cost of collars, depending on what we are doing at the time and our hedge strategy is a pretty consistent from year-to-year.
Zane Rowe:  David, this is Zane. Our hedge strategy hasnt changed and you see us continue to build up our hedge position through the course of the year. If you see our investor update, we have got it well laid out there with all of our current positions.
David Koenig  Associated Press: Okay, do you expect to be raising fuel surcharges?
Jeff Smisek:  We never comment on the forward pricing.
David Koenig  Associated Press: Alright, okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Melnick from New York Times. Please go ahead. 
Jed Melnick  New York Times: Good morning everyone. In the past few weeks, we have seen Delta and American kind of talk a lot about New York. And I was wondering as business travelers come back, kid of what are your views about kind of the competitive space in New York? Jeff, you mentioned just a few minutes ago that you are in battle with Delta in New York among other places. So can you kind of maybe just walk me through how you see that particular market?
Jeff Smisek:  Sure, its a very important market to us. And we are  we have got a spectacular hub at New York Liberty, its a true global gateway and not to be produced by any of our competitors. And so we are comfortable with our position in New York.  Obviously, its a market that we focus on, we defend, we offer a very good product as I was talking about earlier, we are improving our scheduled utility to important business market like Heathrow, as we have gone into Star Alliance, the breadth of Star Alliance and our  for example increasing connectivity, our more recent flight inaugural from New York to Munich, a tie in Lufthansa network as well.  So New York is a vital market to us. When we focus on heavily, we provide great service, great  and growing schedule utility and a superb product. So we are pretty pleased in our position in New York market.
Jed Melnick  New York Times: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Richard Newman from The Record. Please go ahead. 
Richard Newman  The Record: Good morning. My question is related. I wanted to ask to the last one. Being in New Jersey, how well can you compete going forward with Delta and American, in light of their recently announced expansion plans there?
Jeff Smisek:  Well, we  obviously we draw a lot of traffic from New Jersey through the New York Liberty hub for its geographic proximity and of course for people who lived on the West side or Wall Street we are an extremely convenient airport. So we draw from New York, we draw from Manhattan, we draw from New Jersey.  But the New York hub is a well functioning hub with very modern facilities and we can take you pretty much anywhere in the world either directly or indirectly via Star Alliance. So we are comfortable with our competitive positioning.
Richard Newman  The Record: Can you define where you overlap as far as competition goes with JFK and LaGuardia airlines?
Jeff Smisek:  Well, that is one  that is  JFK and LaGuardia and New York are essentially one market. There are  we compete for people who otherwise use JFK, we compete for people who would otherwise use LaGuardia. That is clearly one and a single market and I think we are quite competitive.  I mean there are people who prefer Continental service, prefer our loyalty program, who have a choice of airports between LaGuardia, JFK, or New York who prefer Continental, happens all the time.
Richard Newman  The Record: All right, sir. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Reed from the TheStreet.com. Please go ahead.
Ted Reed  TheStreet.com: Thank you, I have two things. First of all what's so great about Star Alliance that it's producing such fabulous numbers for you, such big increases?
Jim Compton:  Hi Ted, this is Jim. A couple of things; one, its clearly the largest alliance and so what you are doing is you are offering your customers significantly more options that they have had in the past, so thats the main point.  I will tell you also that the partnership with these carriers in Star Alliance has been fantastic in terms of focusing on the customer and trying to enhance seamlessness and as well as good things like inventories and access across their networks and so forth.  And so the key point though is that its a much bigger more expansive network. Its been around the longest and its all working really well for us.
Ted Reed  TheStreet.com: Are there any particular markets that I notice  I recall you spoke about Frankfurt being a lot of incremental revenue there. Is that the main one that's helping you, Frankfurt in Europe?
Jim Compton:  Well, I think and quite honestly, all the hubs of the partners out there, whether its Copenhagen, Frankfurt, Munich, London with BMI our partner, they are conducting a significant amount of traffic. But you know again, also under Alliance, I will tell you that Alliance work when they are win-win, and so that way Continental brings the Star in the New York partner as well as a partner in the US to Latin America. You can see the results, when Alliances are win-win for both guys, you really see  you will see it in the network and the numbers connecting across and its pretty exciting.
Ted Reed  TheStreet.com: Thank you. I have another thing. Jeff, could you repeat those numbers of the percentage of bag check changes due to the fees. And I guess you are saying you have incurred responsible behavior by diminished  by people carrying stuff they don't need on their flights?
Jeff Smisek:  Well, I mean, when you charge a fee, big swings are in the second check bag, right? When you charge a fee, obviously there is consumer response to that fee and thats good for us, because its fewer bags in the whole less on the job injuries from our employees, fewer bags that are misplaced, fewer bags that run out to a customer's hotel and it has changed customer behavior. I will give the stats again.  For the  and this is again  this is only with respect to customers who are subject to the bag fees and its on a bag check per passenger basis, since we started implementing the fees. Its 17% drop in domestic first bags, 56% drop in domestic second bags, 52% drop in Latin second bags, and the 38% drop in trans-Atlantic second bags. Those are all pretty big numbers and very good for Continental.
Ted Reed  TheStreet.com:  All right, last thing. Are you seeing more carry-ons? 
Jeff Smisek: 
 : 
Ted Reed  TheStreet.com:  All right, thank you. 
Nene Foxhall : John, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Dan Reed from USA TODAY, please go ahead.  
Dan Reed  USA TODAY: Hi, guys. Can you put into some sort of analytical terms what you think the competitive impact is going to be on Continental standalone and Star as a grouping of American and BA finally getting their ATI? Assuming it actually does come to pass, especially since they are both big in New York where you were the only big Star member. 
Jeff Smisek : Dan, this is Jeff. I think we are comfortable with the Alliance to Alliance competition, thats why we got into Star Alliance. I mean Star Alliance is a superior Alliance to the other two Alliances in terms of scope and scale, connectivity, the technology, its the oldest Alliance, it's the most sophisticated alliance, it's a well-functioning alliance and has superb members.  So we are very comfortable from an alliance perspective and we have all along been assuming the BA AA tie-up and we have been assuming the Iberia merger, as well, so I think we are comfortable where we are. We without question picked the right alliance. And as Jim was saying earlier in the call, clearly that is working for us and we are pleased with it. 
Jim Compton : Hi Dan, this is Jim. I would just also add that for us in the Star  our Star Alliance is so much different too, because what we offer New York is really a breadth of Europe. And so with 30 destinations with the Trans Atlantic, little bit different than the Oneworld, obviously focus the New York to London, not to minimize the importance of London, as Jeff mentioned our growth that we started with our fourth trip and our fifth trip in the fall, very important to us. But I would note that our breadth, we are flying to Copenhagen non-stop, we are flying to Oslow non-stop, we are not connecting in Heathrow in the case Oneworld or so forth. So we think we have a terrific position in New York.
Dan Reed  USA TODAY: Okay, thank you. 
Nene Foxhall: Yes, Jeff, Jim, Zane, Deane thanks and thanks to all of you for joining us. Please call corporate communications if any of you have further communications and we will look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Smisek - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jim Compton - Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer Zane Rowe - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Mark Moran - Executive Vice President & Chief Operations Officer Gerry Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer Nene Foxhall - Senior Vice President of Communications Affairs DeAnne Gabel- Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Mike Linenberg - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Kevin Christy - UBS Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont Ted Reid - TheStreet.com Richard Newman - The Record Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Continental Airlines fourth quarter and year end 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I would like to turn the conference over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Communications and Government Affairs; and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Foxhall, maam you may begin.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, Christine. Good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Mark Moran; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman to discuss Continentals fourth quarter and year end 2009 financial results. Jeff will begin with some overview comments after, which Jim will review our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. Well start with executive comments which will be followed by analyst questions and at the conclusion of those questions he well begin a Q-and-A session for the media. Wed appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow up. With that Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thanks, Nene. Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the first quarter and full year 2010 and other information. This investor update was included and filed with the SEC. Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP measures such as net income excluding special items. Please note that a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures as well as the investor update can be found on our website at www.continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For example of such risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2008 10-K and its other filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us. I want to start by thanking my coworkers for their support and dedication to customer service. They did a great job dealing with the many challenges we faced in 2009 and they did a superb job ensuring that our transition to Star Alliance went smoothly. This was the first ever move by a major airline to a new global alliance. It took tremendous effort and we accomplished it by our coworkers across the company working together. Turning now to our financial results, for the full year 2009, we reported a net loss of $295 million, or diluted loss per share of $2.28, excluding $145 million of previously announced special charges and $158 million non-cash income tax benefit. Including special charges and the income tax benefit Continental reported a net loss of $282 million, or a loss of $2.18 per diluted share. For the fourth quarter of 2009, Continental reported a net income of $4 million, or a profit of $0.03 per diluted share, excluding $77 million of previously announced special charges and $158 million non-cash income tax benefit. Including those special charges and the income tax benefit, we reported a net income $85 million or a profit of $0.60 per diluted share for the quarter. During 2009, the team once again did a great job delivering consistent operational performance. Our system-wide mainline completion factor was 99.5% and we operated 101 days without a single mainline flight cancellation. For the full year, we averaged a record 81.9% mainline load factor. Despite the heavy loads we recorded a DOT on time arrival rate of 78.8%, and our employees earned cash incentives for on-time performance for seven months of the year. As Jim will share in a moment, throughout the quarter we saw sequential RASM improvements. Although this was good news, in large part those RASM improvements were the result of very weak year-over-year comps as the economy and business travel began their steep downward slide in the fourth quarter of 2008. Everyone should curb their RASM enthusiasm going into this quarter as we will again benefit from extremely weak year-over-year comps as we lap the steep drop-off in business travel we experienced in the first quarter of 2009. Were a long way from being out of the woods, although, as Jim will discuss, were seeing some signs that business travel is beginning to head in the right direction. We are keenly focused on making money again, and we will make many changes as we challenge every aspect of our business to find ways to increase revenue and decrease costs. That said the two things that wont change are our working together culture and our dedication to operating a clean, safe, and reliable airline. We continue to work with our good partner United Airlines to implement our alliance. Weve begun the process of aligning our gates at key locations, and weve already accomplished quite a bit. This is a benefit for both of us as we reduce our costs and enhanced connectivity for our customers. Weve announced mutual upgrades for each others Elite passengers that becoming this summer and our presidents club members now have accessed to United Red Carpet Clubs worldwide. Even with just a portion of the customer service benefits between Continental and United having that implemented, we are now connecting as many passengers with United as we connected during the same period last year with Delta and Northwest combined. I think this shows great results already from our new partnership with United. Our teams are working together to find additional revenue generating and cost saving opportunities. Our membership in StarAlliance is also off to a very good start. Our new partners want us to succeed, and their support had assistance helps to make our transition go so smoothly. Weve begun to align our networks to leverage the power of StarAlliance with our New York to Frankfurt service and our recently launched Houston to Frankfurt service were already seeing benefits as our customers choose to connect over Frankfurt. This summer we will be adding New York and Munich, which will be add connections for our customers over Lufthansas powerful Munich hub. Additionally, leveraging our new StarAlliance membership, in December we filed an application with DOT for a grant of Antitrust Immunity to form a trans-Pacific joint venture with United and All Nippon Airways. This joint venture will be the first of its kind between the U.S. and Asia. Weve only just begun to see the benefits to being a member of the worlds most comprehensive global alliance. We like what we see and look forward to capturing future benefits. We have a solid, well balanced network, and we will continue to look for strategic growth opportunities such as New York-Munich, that enhance our overall network in the context of StarAlliance. However, let me be clear that we are not looking to grow for growths sake. At Continental, we have seen the benefits from and understand the importance of capacity discipline. We have a bias towards capacity discipline, because we are firmly committed to achieving and sustaining profitability. Accordingly, weve adjusted downwards our anticipated 2010 capacity from earlier estimates. For 2010, we now expect our consolidated capacity will be up only 1% to 2% with our mainline capacity up 1.5% to 2.5%, our mainline domestic capacity about flat year-over-year and our mainline international capacity up 4% to 5% year-over-year. As a reminder, the bulk of the international increase is the run rate of our capacity additions last year, which included the long haul roots of Houston-Frankfurt in November, Houston-Rio in August, and New York-Shanghai in March, as well as the restoration of our schedule to Mexico following the large pull down we did last year related to H1N1. On the revenue side, in addition to tapping into the power of StarAlliance and optimizing traditional revenue management, overtime youll see us offering customers more control over their travel experience. So customers will have more choices regarding the elements of the travel experience they consume and pay for. We will further unbundle our product and also offer new goods and services. We believe that this will be good for customer choice and good for Continentals revenue. One example of these opportunities that weve implemented last year is our day of departure upgrade program. On the day of departure if, after all Elite upgrades have been made, there are still first class seats available for sale, we offer customers an opportunity to buy a day of departure upgrade to first class. Last year, we generated over $25 million from this program. Before we started offering day of departure upgrades those empty first class seats simply spoiled. We have a lot of ideas for generating additional revenue and offering customers choice and we think our passengers and investors will like them as we roll them out in the future. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim and Zane to discuss the quarters revenue and cost performance details.
Jim Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I join Jeff and thanking our coworkers for running a great operation this past quarter. Thanks to the efforts of our coworkers across all divisions the transition Star Alliance went smoothly and as Jeff said, things are spooling up nicely. Moving on to our fourth quarter revenue results, in each of the months throughout the fourth quarter, we experienced sequential improvements in our year-over-year RASM decline. The results for the fourth quarter were that mainline RASM was down 9.9% and regional RASM was down 4.0% year-over-year. Fourth quarter load factor was up year year-over-year and we also had improvements in year-over-year yield he declines. However, on an absolute basis, yields remained weak. For the fourth quarter mainline yield declined 13.6% year-over-year and regional yield declined 7.5% year-over-year. Our December mainline year-over-year RASM decline outperformed what many were expecting. Part of our performance was related to the spool up of our Star Alliance. Comparing connecting passengers this December, over Frankfurt with connecting passengers last December, over Paris and Amsterdam combined, we have 65% less seats in the Frankfurt market, but weve made up 85% of the connect traffic. As a result, we are now connecting twice as many passengers per seat beyond Frankfurt than we did last December in Paris and Amsterdam combined. We also saw sequential improvement in year-over-year business first RASM comparisons throughout the quarter, which turned positive in the trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific region in December 2009, mainly driven by increased load factors. We believe that some of our corporate accounts are beginning to ease some of their travel restrictions, such as allowing employees to book in the front cabin again. However, part of the December RASM improvement was due to year-over-year comparison issues. We saw significant year-over-year improvement in December 2009 RASM performance on the New York/Mumbai route, largely due to the fact that last years results were skewed by the Mumbai terrorist attacks, which occurred in late November 2008. As expected, we had relatively strong leaser demand and yields over the peak holiday travel periods and while weve also seen some improvements in yields for the off peak periods, when we are more dependent on business traffic, yields are still down year-over-year. In a recovery period, it is typical to see volume comeback first, then yield. Weve seen improvement in the volume and we are seeing modest improvement in business mix trends as business travelers are slowly returning. However, were still waiting to see any real strength in yield. Now turning to the first quarter outlook, corporate revenue booking trends are positive, and we are seeing a pickup in bookings inside of 14 days, but even, so yields remain soft. We continue to believe the recovery will be long and slow, but the recent trends are encouraging as theyre at least headed in the right direction. On the pricing side, we had some success in the international marks as the industry matched a modest international fuel surcharge increase that we initiated earlier this month. Our corporate accounts are telling that you say travel budgets are still fairly tight. That said we are seeing business travel slowly comeback. In addition to easing restrictions on front cabin bookings, some accounts are permitting travel for internal meetings, which have stimulated a small pickup in our bookings related to group meetings. Weve also seen a pickup in corporate bookings from the financial sector and of course, were getting great feedback on our new flat-bed seat. We believe that weve been losing some customers, otherwise could have attracted, especially on really long haul routes because we didnt have flat-bed seats. We expect to have our entire 777 fleet retrofitted by the end of this year and we just installed our first 757-200 with flat-bed seats. We will now have a highly competitive product to offer those business travelers who expect a good rest on board our long haul routes. Before I discuss Januarys RASM expectations, I want to address a couple of housekeeping items. In the investor update file this morning you may have noticed that mainline domestic will street factor for the next six weeks is running one to two points behind the same period last year and regional book seat factor is also running behind. Last year, at this time, due to the declining business mix and weakness in yields, we made the decision to make more domestic leisure inventory available for sale earlier in the booking curve and maximize our revenue. This year we have returned to a more normal management of the domestic booking curve, as weve seen a modest improvement in business demand. As Jeff mentioned, as we move through the first quarter of 2010, the year-over-year RASM comps get sequentially easier. Last January our consolidated RASM was down 4.8% year-over-year. In February, it was down 11.5% year-over-year and in March of last year it was down 19.6% year-over-year. In regards to January 2010 RASM, we still have a little over a week left in the month of January, and things could change, but based on data thus far, we are currently estimating consolidated January RASM will be down around 3% year-over-year, and mainline January RASM will be down around 4% year-over-year. Again, these numbers are preliminary estimates based on the data we have for January thus far and will likely change. With that I will turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jim. I also want to thank the entire Continental team for their hard work in what was a challenging year. Throughout 2009 we saw pressure on unit costs as we pulled down capacity. However, the team did a great job working more efficiently and finding additional ways to reduce costs. That effort is reflected in our cost performance for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year. For the fourth quarter, mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was up 1.4% on a mainline capacity decrease of a half% year-over-year and for the full year, it was up 1.5% year-over-year on a capacity decreased of 5%. Again, the solid CASM performance is largely a result of the hard work of our employees. Well continue to see these benefits in 2010. For the full year 2010, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant we expect both our consolidated and mainline CASM to be up about 1% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter consolidated fuel price, including taxes and hedge impact, was $2 per gallon. Given the current forward curve we estimate that including taxes and hedge impact our further quarter consolidated fuel price per gallon will be about $2.13 and for the full year about $2.25. Weve hedged a portion of our fuel needs using a mix of swaps and call options. Youll find our current hedge position outlined in our investor update. We continue to layer in additional fuel hedges to reduce some of the volatility of fuel expense. We have the most fuel efficient fleet of all the major US network carriers, and we continue to look for ways to further improve our overall fuel burn. We will also continue to add modern fuel efficient aircraft to our fleet while retiring older less efficient aircraft. During the fourth quarter, we placed into service one 757-300, and two 737-900 ER Aircraft and retired four 737-300 Aircraft, ending the year with 337 mainline aircraft in systems. On the regional side, during the quarter we reached an agreement with ExpressJet to remove eight Embraer 145 Aircraft from our capacity purchase agreements. Two of these aircraft were removed in December. We ended the year with a total of 264 regional jets flown on our behalf. The other six 145 will be removed from the capacity purchase agreement by the end of April. ExpressJet will continue to sublease these eight aircraft from us, but will not be flying them on our behalf; we will also remove seven CRJ-200 from service in the first quarter. By the end of the first quarter, we plan to retire the three remaining 737-300 in our fleet. During 2010 we plan to take delivery of 14 new aircraft, including to 777, to 737-900ERs and 10 737-800s. We expect to receive one of these 800s in late December and well pay to the interest service in January, 2011. In addition, during the first quarter we will place into service three leased 757-300s. By the end of June, our mainline fleet counts will be down seven aircraft year-over-year and our regional fleet count will be down 15 aircraft year-over-year. Moving onto the balance sheet, last quarter we completed a $644 million EETC transaction. This included an A and B tranche with a blended coupon of 7.5%. $179 million of the proceeds will go to refinance eight aircrafts that unencumbered in the first half of the year. The remaining proceeds will be used to finance 11 of the new aircraft deliveries this year. We have back-up financing for the remaining three 737 deliveries in 2010, so we will explore other financing alternatives. In December, we issued $230 million of 4.5% convertible notes. The notes mature in January 2015 and are convertible into common stock at an initial conversion price of approximately $19.87. We ended the year with $2.86 billion unrestricted cash and short term investments. As a percentage of the last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 23%. We expect to end the first quarter with approximately $2.9 billion to $3 billion of unrestricted cash and short term investments. For full year 2010, we estimate our cash capital expenditures related to fleet will be approximately $265 million. This includes aircraft, winglets, and our new flat bed business first seats. Our non-fleet cash capital expenditures will be approximately $140 million. We estimate our net purchase deposits for the year will be $25 million. Earlier this month, we contributed $34 million to a defined benefit pension plan. We estimate our remaining minimum defined benefit pension funding requirements for this year are approximately $85 million. In conclusion, the last couple of years have been a challenge for both Continental and the industry. Weve taken actions that will better prepare to us meet our future goals and strengthen the airline. Weve adjusted capacity to meet the new level of demand. Weve continued to make investments in our products and our fleets. We now offer customers the best network in our history and are now part of the best alliance in the world. We continue to better merchandise our product, offering customers more choice while growing our revenue streams, and were investing in technology to provide efficiencies and reduced costs. We need to, and we will continue to adapt to the competitive environments on both the revenue and the cost front. Our goal is to deliver a meaningful sustained profitability that benefits our shareholders, employees, and the customers we serve each day. With that, Ill turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Jim and Zane. Were at the very beginning of the economic recovery, and we dont know how long that recovery will take, but I suspect it will belong and slow. That said a long and slow recovery is better than what we faced in 2008 and 2009. Weve seen a lot of changes in our industry as its weathered many challenges over the past couple years. I think youll see even more changes ahead for the industry. Certainly, you will change at Continental. We need to start making money and to keep making money. To do this, well need to take thoughtful and measured risks by trying out some different approaches to the business, and youll see a number of changes at Continental as a result. What we wont ever change, our culture of working together and our commitment to providing clean, safe, and reliable air transportation. We have a great franchise. Never in the history of Continental have we had a better fleet, a better network, better facilities, a better product, or better people. Im confident that my coworkers, working together, can return to us profitability and put us in a position to sustain that profitability. We owe it to our employees to provide a future that is more stable and secure than the past and we owe it to our stockholders to start making money and to keep making money. We are committed to doing just that. With that Ill turn the call back over the DeAnne to begin our Q-and-A.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you Jeff, Jim, and Zane, with that well begin the question-and-answer session for the analyst, followed by the question-and-answer session for the media. Christine, if you could please review the Q-and-A process, were ready to he begin.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Jeff, I just wanted to ask a question on your last comment there, which is getting back to profitability, clearly that would be cyclical, but to sustain profitability wed have to argue that theres been some structural change, because every downturn sees this industry lose money. Im curious what those changes might be, what structural changes you think you can make to actually sustain it in the next down cycle?
Jeff Smisek: I think there are a couple of structural changes. One I think youre seeing as the industry further, not only unbundled its product, but discovers its merchandising power, and the ability to sell goods and services and generate ancillary revenue that has a very significant margin. I think thats structural change that unfolding in this industry and will continue for a considerable period of time. The second structural change, I think is the transformation of self service in this industry. Customers are demanding more and more and expecting more self service, and were investing technology that will permit that throughout the process. That is during the purchase process, post purchase at the airport, after the flight itself and that technology is going tone able not only ultimately better customer service and more consistent customer service, but also I think significant cost savings in the industry. So I think the combination of unbundling and merchandising, coupled with more and more customer self service and investment in technology I think is a structural change in this industry that hopefully will lead to sustainable profitability.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: If we look at your ancillary trends, even before bag fees, you guys generated a fair amount of non-fare revenue in the past. So that didnt drive sustained profitability, so why wouldnt this just get competed away as well? I would think the industry would need to change more than just get a revenue stream out of fares and into ancillaries.
Jeff Smisek: I think that youre assuming that youre just fracturing the fares and keeping the fares the say. I think what you are going to see is the ability to merchandise goods and services in addition to what you would expect the traditional fares. So I think its additive.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: One last question is just on your capacity comments. You talked about capacity discipline, but youd also talked in the past, as a management team, about long term capacity growth rate in the mid single digits. How long do you think it takes for us to get back to those levels?
Jeff Smisek: Im not sure that we have that expectation going forward.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: So thats a change from before, the fleet doesnt?
Jeff Smisek: As I said, there are lots of things to need to change at Continental and thats one of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: I just want to peel the onion a little bit on the RASM guidance. I think you said it was going to be down 3%. To me, that seems like kind of a sequential step backwards. I think if you adjust for some of the Thanksgiving shift and you look at what the comp did from December 08 into January 09. I know its preliminary, but is there anything in that number that we should be aware of in terms of something that would make at tough comp because I was expecting that to be maybe in positive territory.
Jim Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. As you mentioned, we talked about and again, its over a week and things will change, but on the consolidated RASM, were looking for it to be down around 3%. I think the one thing point to that in the commentary we talked a number of things as to why December outperformed expectations. One of those things is the strong leaser period that we had over the Christmas period. Both from a yield point of view relatively to prior to the December period. So think about it. No different than the contribution to RASM from leaser in the summer, historically stronger than in the fall. So I think what were seeing is some of that affect, when you look at January versus December, that kind of seasonal strength of the leaser yields and the contributions to RASM, coupled in with our commentary that we are seeing business traffic come back slowly, but were stressing the word slowly. So I think that kind of smooth the line as how we look at it versus a step function coming off of November, December, and January, but that seasonal factor, that I think were seeing on the leaser side.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: Wouldnt the seasonal factor kind of be washed down if youre just looking at it on a year-over-year change basis?
Jeff Smisek: Yes, but I think again the industry capacity, again, leaser time, at that the margins, both last summer and this December, when you talk about industry capacity those are periods of time where actually capacity is, in terms of the volatile demand out there, i.e. stronger leaser demand, is much more in think than weve seen in the past, even a year ago. So I think you do break away from some of the seasonality.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess quickly, Jeff, your decision to work 2010 pro bono, if you guys dont make an operating profit, are you trying to send a message to your labor groups that you expect them to take maybe a commensurate, but a higher percentage of risk and theyre on compensation maybe tie more of their salary and their competition to overall company results?
Jeff Smisek: No, Im not, although I am a big believer in incentive compensation as you know. We ever historically had a profit sharing plan in Continental. The reason that I decided not to take a salary or bonus until we become profitable on an annual basis is I wanted to send a very strong sign to the entire Continental team that we really need to focus on profitability. Im not asking anyone else to take a cut, and this is not a signal of bad things to come, but rather it focuses a lot of attention on the need to become profitable, and I think its gotten a lot of attention, and that was what I desired.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase - Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Jim, could you walk us through what you think the transition impact to Star Alliance was and how that might have played through months, and how you think, if any about impact it might be having in January. By the way, I think I heard two things in there. I forget who said what, but I thought one of you had said you were connecting as many passengers, and I thought I heard you say twice as many?
Jim Compton: Gary, first on that, what we were comparing was the Frankfurt hub to Lufthansa today and what we connect in versus last December looking at Amsterdam and Paris where we were connecting our alliance passengers last year. So if you took the seats in Frankfurt today, compared to the seats in Paris and Amsterdam last year, we have 65% less seats. Its just that we dont have as much obviously seats into Frankfurt as we did last year into Paris and Amsterdam, but were already seeing 85% of the connecting passengers, of what we carried across Paris and Amsterdam last year, were already seeing 85% of that being connected over Frankfurt into the Lufthansa system. So that translated into twice as many passengers per seat connecting over Frankfurt as were connecting over Amsterdam and Paris last year. Again, to answer your kind of the general question, thats a sign to us thats really clear that star is pulling up very nicely and I would say better than our expectations, part of star is the relationship with united, and Jeff mentioned in his comments that already connecting passengers to and from united are exceeding where Delta and Northwest were combined, again, another example that its spooling up very nicely for us with our partners in star and schools better than our original expectation.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: If I could just follow up, too, on the RASM guidance for January, and just the sequential issue that you were just speaking to, if I look back, I want to say that December comp last year was up some where in the 4% range you noted in the prepared remarks down 4/8 in January. That obviously means the comps getting substantially easier as you move from December to January, yet what you are expecting for RASM seems about the same. Is there something in those comps that, in other words, was there something in the history that we need to understand, or should we really read it as the kind of deceleration that that would imply?
Jim Compton: I think its a combination of were seeing slight improvement in business traffic that we think is going to be a long and slow haul as we go forward and coupled with, what I mentioned is the RASM contribution from leaser in periods, where industry capacity for leaser periods is, on a relative basis tighter, you see that contribution spiking more in leaser periods in this environment. As you walk away from that, thats the piece were losing once you get past the New Years Day return in January. So the slight improvement that were estimating is, again that slow improvement in traffic. Again in terms of what was happening last year, I mentioned that happened at the end of November that affected for awhile as we went through the first half of 2009.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Are your corporate revenues up yet year-on-year?
Zane Rowe: Let me refer to a slide that we did in the past and I think in May, we talked about high yield revenue being down about 35%. Im talking about high yield, so that includes our corporate contract, but we also look at business traffic as fares within seven days. Thats what that slide reports. I thought it would be really clear on kind of what Im defining. We saw in that December basically down 1%. So again, thats sequential improvement, but I do want to highlight that, as Jeff also mentioned, that last year we began the slide on traffic in fourth quarter of 08 and so some of thats the comps year-over-year that includes sequential improvement. So a good little bit of improvement and favorable comps drove that change from June to December.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Two questions here. Zane, if you can just clarify, when you talked about the EETC deal that you did that brought in $644 million, you walked through the airplanes that were securing that. When I look at the press release that you put out today, it looks like theres some remainder that is the remainder of the proceeds that will be used for general corporate purposes. So I just want know is there a piece and how big is that and does that show up in the first quarter?
Gerry Laderman: Mike, this is Gerry. So the press release talked about the use of proceeds that was in the prospectus supplement, as far as general corporate purposes because cash is sort of fungible. From my perspective, from the corporate finance perspective, the reason for raising that money was because we had these maturities on existing aircraft in the first half of this year and well take that when we get that cash, we will pledge those aircraft to the EETC.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Then my second question and this is to Jim. I think over the last couple months, weve seen some route announcements. In the past youve been very good about doing hub flying and the more recent ads have been non-hub flying. Im referring to some of the West Coast to Hawaii and I saw that youre adding a segment up to Anchorage out of Portland. Im just curious, number one, are you being opportunistic here and youre seeing some of the capacity that has pulled out of that market is creating an opportunity? Number two, is some of this begs driven by the fact that now that youre tied up with united, you as a carrier probably have much stronger brand presence or just presence in West Coast markets, whether it be L.A., San Fran, Denver? Can you just give us some color, insight into your thinking on these addition, these non hub additions.
Jim Compton: Ill start with the partnership with united. We are seeing stronger demand off the West Coast to Hawaii, first of all. That, I think is again, one of the spooling up of our partnership with United, both in Star and obvious well United bilaterally. So we are seeing that increasing demand of the West Coast to Hawaii. The second thing is we serve more destinations in the pacific than any other carrier. One of the ways we get people to the pacific is off the West Coast through Hawaii. We have increased demand, West Coast to Hawaii, and we also have demand into the Micronesia Islands that were trying to meet and with a nice market like Fiji being served out of Honolulu and Guam that also added to that need for demand. So the West Coast to Hawaii is an opportunity for us to make sure that one we continue to meet that demand for West Coast to Hawaii that were seeing, as well as support the Micronesia demand that we have going out over Hawaii. That allows us to do that. The Alaska anchorage, the Portland flight, thats seasonal flying and were able to do it using that aircraft really efficiently, and its a market weve been in before and trying to satisfy the demand out there in the summer.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Jim, presumably these flights, will they all ultimately carry the united code? Does that in thats part of the plan, right?
Jim Compton: Yes, I think our plan from a code perspective, is the phased approach somewhat that you can do, but clearly, again their presence out there is helping us in those markets like that. So yes, I think well continue to build on that him relationship.
Jeff Smisek: Mike, this is Jeff. I mean, code is important as you know, but the frequent flyer response, we actually drives far greater value than code share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Christy - UBS.
Kevin Christy - UBS: Just to kill the minus 3%, Jim, did you say whether leaning towards 3% domestic or international was doing better or worse than that? If the relative trends from December on international versus domestic would continue into January?
Jim Compton: Our commentary in January was consolidated mainline. We dont break it out and again, its too early for know comment on that, well stick with that. As I mentioned, its still a week to go and the numbers are changing and so well stick with the consolidated mainline.
Kevin Christy - UBS: I think in the past, youd indicated or management team had indicated losing share to the OTAs through website direct. I imagine that would still be continuing, particularly in a seasonally weaker demand period like January, February. Can you comment on if thats still happening and whether if its a concern and whether ultimately be a reaction to that?
Jim Compton: I think what weve seen over the past year and weve talked about it a little bit is that a couple things. Obviously, the OTAs removable fees, I think theres a natural behavior change, obviously just to be about place that versus Continental.com or quite frankly any other supplier side. I would say also that as weve talked through the year and weve talked about business traffic declining, that business traffic, quite frankly is fundamentally stronger in your hub. As we optimize revenue, we also begin to carry more flow traffic versus local traffic. Continental.coms presence is going to be greater in local marks than it would be in slow markets. So going forward, I really cant comment on it, but as to where it would end up, but in improving economy that were seeing slowly improving business traffic will translate into local market strengthening and so that effect the elasticity effect Ive mentioned is real, but that effect of local versus flow should abate that.
Kevin Christy - UBS: One last one, do your contracts pay the OTAs less for bookings kind of the back haul bookings rather than out of Newark out of your hubs?
Jim Compton: We dont comment on our contract.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan McKenzie - Next Generation.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation: I wanted to circle back on the commentary related to the unbundling of the product even further. It sounds like there are a number of new ancillary revenue initiatives in the works. Im wondering if you can provide some perspective about how investors should think about the materiality of these initiatives. I guess, in particular, some of the other airlines have quantified partly their ancillary revenues today and the incremental revenues theyre targeting. So Im wondering if Continental could do the same.
Jeff Smisek: Were not going to quantify at this time, but I will tell you that we do indeed have a number of initiatives in the works, and well announce them as we roll them out. In terms of materiality, recognize that there is, I think, somewhat quantitative difference in the margin associated with ancillary revenue versus our core product. So I think that ultimately the ancillary revenues can become a significant portion of our future profitability.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation: The second question here is really more housecleaning. Zane, given where Continental stock price is, Im wondering if some of the convertible notes have already converted at this point. I guess, what Im wondering is if the interest expense assumes, for the years, assumes at the converts are, in fact, converted.
Zane Rowe: We cant comment on that, unfortunately. Dan, I will tell you that Jerry is actively looking at how we optimize things, but we cant comment on forward-looking in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont.
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont: Jeff, you guys have applied for HEI with ANA and United for Japanese in Pacific routes. Can you just say what you think the timing own that is going to be? Because, I guess theres been press reports that the U.S. DOT and DOJ can get it done in less than six months, and yet that hasnt necessarily been the case in the past. So Im kind of wondering if youre thinking in terms of 2010 or 11 event.
Jeff Smisek: I am not even going to attempt to prognosticate on how quickly DOT and DOJ, I can go through the process. The application Antitrust Immunity with respect to the treaty, I believe were due in February. We would anticipate reasonably prompt review of our application, but I cant give you a specific timeframe.
Nene Foxhall: With that Christine, we are ready to move on to the question-and-answer session for the media, if you could please review the Q-and-A process.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take questions from the media. (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Ted Reid - TheStreet.com.
Ted Reid - TheStreet.com: I have a couple of questions about Star. First of all, in Europe, youre just saying that Frankfurt just a better hub, it has better connections, more connections than either of the other two? Is that the dynamic there? Secondly, whats the major location for domestic benefit with United?
Jeff Smisek: Ted this is Jeff, Im sorry youre really weak on the phone. Were having a hard time hearing you. Could you repeat your question, please?
Ted Reid - TheStreet.com: How about now? My first question is you just saying that Frankfurt is a better hub? Is that what the dynamic is? Better than either of the other two hubs with more connections? Is that the dynamic?
Jim Compton: It is a better hub, but its a better hub for a combination of things. One, Star again is a much more expansive network from where we came from, so the number of destinations that were able to offer is much greater is that what were able to offer in the past and so forth. So not only is it the terrific facility, the breadth of what we can do out of Frankfurt is very powerful in terms of connecting traffic.
Ted Reid - TheStreet.com: Secondly, on the domestic side, whats the major benefit of the link-up on the domestic side? Is there one particular hub or city? Also, is there any benefit that youre seeing from linking up with U.S. Airways?
Jim Compton: Let me talk about domestic briefly. The beauty of our alliance with United and the beauty of our alliance in Star, first, we have partners who want us to succeed as opposed to want to kill us, and thats a positive. Secondly, with United, United and we have very complimentary route network. United and we are essentially not competitors, although legally my general counsel will tell me, we are competitors, we essential arent in the sense that we are very little over that and what you want in the line is precisely is that, you complimentarity so that you provide for your customers a broad array of destinations and connection points. Thats what United and Star Alliance bring us. Our U.S. Airways is helpful as well with us as a partner, but clearly not as important to us as united, given the complimentarity of our network with United.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Newman - The Record.
Richard Newman - The Record: I want to ask you if the regional capacity cuts at New York in particular, both in 09 and coming in this year, what destinations were to that effect as far as frequencies and or routes.
Jim Compton: It really has no appreciable effect on frequency or destinations in Newark.
Jeff Smisek: Overtime, what youre going to Newark is fewer regional jets and more mainline jets as we continue to grow our hub there. We have plenty of room for future growth in Newark its a very powerful hub for us. One regional jet takes up the same airspace and slot as one 777 or 787 for the future. So I think youll see, overtime, a trend of fewer and fewer regional jet operations in our Newark hub and more mainline operations.
Richard Newman - The Record: How might that affect the customers who use those shorter hauls?
Jeff Smisek: Well, I think well continue to keep the customers satisfied in the shorter hauls. Its less as we grow, especially in the StarAlliance, we are also be able to grow the feed, and many of those shorter hauls will be covered, for example, by Q400s, which youll see as increasing usage of those Q400s. Candidly, those are great aircraft. They have essentially the same trip cost as of 145 and they have 24 additional seats. Theyre very quiet and very comfortable aircraft for those shorter home markets. So they satisfy the customers and they are more efficient operation for us to run.
Nene Foxhall: Christine, we have time for one more media questions.
Operator: Your final question comes from Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle.
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: I didnt quite understand Jims answer to the question from the Barclays analyst. I thought it was a pretty clear yes or no answer, but I got confused. It was Continental revenues up year-over-year or not?
Jim Compton: Shannon, could you repeat the question you broke up on me?
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: Im sorry. I didnt understand Jims answer to the question from the Barclays analyst that seemed like a yes or no question about whether or not Continentals revenues are up year-over-year or not, the corporate revenues.
Jim Compton: What I was trying to explain is that as weve gone through the year in 2009 on the monthly basis, weve seen the year-over-year trends improve. Back in May we were seeing 38% decline in high yield, which includes our corporate revenue, until December being down about 1%. In December, were starting to see improvements in ticketing trends for future travel dates from the corporate side. So we think again that potential improvement is a combination of the year-over-year comps from some of the toughness of the fourth quarter of last year with also a modest growing strength in the ticketing going forward on the corporate side.
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: The year-over-year was a 1% decline.
Jim Compton: In December, it was down 1%, and it was down 38% in May in 2009.
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: There was a question about the ancillary fees at some of the new initiatives. I know you said you werent going to talk about them until they roll out, but for the passengers who are trying to pay very close attention to how all of this is impacting them? What can they start to anticipate that they might see a change in?
Jeff Smisek: I think, what were trying to do, and I think ultimately will accomplish is to provide our customers with various attributes of their flight that they can pick and choose from and determine what they want.  The way I would phrase it, we have historically served sort of a pizza with everything on it, and now what were going do is let customers not only build their own pizza, but determine the size of their slice or whether they want the whole part, and some customers want and show reason and other dont and cannily for the lactose intolerant, if they dont want cheese they dont have pay for cheese either. So, what were going to elect people do is choose the level and type of services and attribute they have in travel and pay for those things that they choose and not pay for those things they dont choose and we think ultimately that is better for the customer and better for Continental
Nene Foxhall: Okay. Jeff, Jim, Zane, DeAnne, thanks for your participation this morning, and thanks to all of you for joining us. Please call corporate communications if any of you have further communications and with that well look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes your conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Larry Kellner - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jeff Smisek - President & Chief Operating Officer  Zane Rowe - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jim Compton - Executive Vice President Marketing Mark Moran - Executive Vice President Operations Gerry Laderman - Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer Nene Foxhall - Senior Vice President of Global Communications & Public Affairs DeAnne Gabel- Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Jamie Baker - JP Morgan Mike Linenberg - Bank of America Kevin Crissey - UBS Daniel McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont Alison Grant - Plain Dealer Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle Mickey Maynard - New York Times David Koenig - Associated Press
Operator: Welcome to Continental Airlines third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded Wednesday, October 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Global Communications and Public Affairs; DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First Ms. Foxhall, maam you may begin.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you, Gilda. Good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Kellner; President and Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President Marketing Jim Compton; Executive Vice President Operations Mark Moran; and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer, Gerry Laderman to discuss Continentals third quarter 2009 financial results. Larry will begin with some overview comments after, which Jeff will review our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. We plan 20 minutes for the executive comments and then 25 minutes for analyst questions. At the conclusion of the analyst questions, well begin a 15 minute question-and-answer session for the media. We would appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow up. With that Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you, Nene. Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for fourth quarter and full year 2009 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC. Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures, such as net income excluding special items. Please note that a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures as well as the investor update can be found on our website at www.continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For example of such risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the 2008 10-K and its other security filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning to all and thanks for joining us. I want to start this morning by thanking all my coworkers for our strong operational performance during the third quarter. For the quarter excluding special items we achieved essentially breakeven results reporting net income of 2 million or earnings per share of $0.02. On a GAAP basis including special items, we reported a net loss of $18 million or a loss of $0.14 per diluted share for the third quarter. Achieving breakeven results is disappointing in a quarter that should produce a couple hundred million dollars in profit. However, given the weak revenue environment, our results could have been much worse if not for the diligent efforts of my coworkers. That said, we cannot and will note be satisfied with just achieving breakeven results. We must return the business profitability and were committed to doing just that. Well continue to look for ways to improve our efficiency and maximize our revenue. As I join many in believing that the economy recovery will be a lengthy process. We plan to fully leverage the power of Star Alliance, the worlds most comprehensive Global Alliance. We plan to join start next Tuesday, October 27. In preparation for joining Star Alliance, weve announced that well begin daily non-stop service between Houston and Frankfurt and from Houston and Cleveland to Washington Dulles International Airport. These definitions will provide connecting opportunities for customers traveling via our Star partner hubs. These are just the beginning of the wealth of new opportunities and benefits our membership in Star Alliance will offer our customers. I want to personally thank Glenn Tilton for all his efforts to get us into Star Alliance. Weve also continued to invest in our product by adding customer amenities such as audio-video on demand on our 757:200 and 777 fleets, installed DirecTV on our domestic narrow-body fleet introducing our flat bed seat. The first aircraft outfitted with our business first flat bed seat, which our business customers helped us design is scheduled begin service within the next two weeks. Were well positioned to take full advantage of the improvements in the economic environment and while we dont have visibility as to when business traffic will return to normal levels, or even whether are not there will be a new normal, were committed to doing what it takes to return to sustained profitability. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff and Zane to discuss the quarters operational, revenue and cost performance details.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Larry. I want to join Larry in thanking our coworkers for running a great operation this past quarter. They earned a total of $11 million in cash incentives for making Continental the number one on time airlines among the major network carriers in August and September and for finishing among the top three major network carriers in July. This on time performance is impressive at anytime, but its even more so given the record high load factors we ran in the third quarter. During the quarter we also maintained our excellent reliability record by achieving a system mainline segment completion factor of 99.7%. Im proud of our team of professionals who consistently deliver our high quality and reliable product. Throughout the third quarter our revenue remained weak. Mainline RASM was down 19.1% and regional RASM was down 10.9% year-over-year. We experienced weak yields and high load factors generated by the low fares caused by the recession. All regions experienced substantial year-over-year yield declines, which resulted in a mainline yield decline of 21.7% year-over-year and a regional yield decline of 16.8% year-over-year for the third quarter. However, we did see sequential modest improvement in the year-over-year percentage drop in high yield revenue for each of the three months of the quarter. I describe it more as green roots versus green shoots, but nevertheless its a move in the right direction.  Now turning to the fourth quarter outlook while the steep revenue decline we experienced earlier this year appears to have flattened out and bumping along the bottom. We really have no idea how long the fall off and high yield traffic will last. That said there are some signs that indicate, we maybe seeing some modest improvement soon. There are a growing number of our corporate accounts that tell us that theyre beginning to ease their most draconian and travel restriction and some are even permitting travel for internal meetings again. While its too early to call it trend we have seen modest improvement bookings within 7 days to 13 days. Although this is encouraging the yields are still pretty tough. On the leisure side we expect to see relatively strong traffic and yields for the peak holiday time period. However, during the non-peak period we expect to continue to see deeply discounting leisure fares designed to stimulate traffic. We still have a week and a half left in the month of October and things could change, but based on the data thus far were currently estimating consolidated October RASM will be down 13% to 15% and mainline October RASM will be down 14% to 16% year-over-year and looking forward, just a reminder that due to the timing of the Thanksgiving holiday this year, we expect to get the benefit of the peak Thanksgiving holiday return traffic in November of this year versus December as we did last year. We have much work to do to improve our cost and revenue if we are to return to meaningful profitability. We remain highly disciplined on cost, and Zane will speak more about that in a few minutes. On the revenue side, we will continue to work to maximize our total revenue in many ways, including leveraging our new membership in Star Alliance and pursuing opportunities that will open for us and by increasing ancillary revenues. We will continue to implement changes designed to grow our ancillary revenue. Were beginning to offer our customers more control over the product and services they buy from us by giving them a broader rang of choices. We believe that unbundling our product and service offering is more fair to the consumer as theres less cross subsidization that results. Customers are beginning to be able to pay more precisely for the product and services they use and not pay for production and services they dont use. You can expect to see us do quite a bit more of in this 2010 and beyond, while keeping the clean, safe, and reliable service for which we are world renowned. Moving on to our capacity outlook, weve begun to lap the substantial domestic capacity cuts made last year and expect our mainline domestic capacity for the fourth quarter will be up about 0.5% year-over-year. For the fourth quarter, we expect trans-Atlantic capacity will be down 11.4%. Latin capacity will be up 4.7% year-over-year, Pacific capacity will be up 16% year-over-year due to the addition of our Newark-Shanghai service earlier this year. For total mainline, we expect fourth quarter capacity to be down 0.7% year-over-year with our regional capacity down about 1.5% year-over-year. Thus we expect our consolidated capacity to be down about 1% year-over-year for the fourth quarter. For 2010, we expect modest year-over-year growth in our consolidated capacity in the 1.5% to 2.5% range with our mainline capacity up 2% to 3%, our mainline domestic capacity about flat year-over-year and our mainline international capacity up 5% to 6% year-over-year. The bulk of the international increase is the run rate of our ad this year and the restoration of our full schedule to Mexico following the pull down earlier this year related to H1N1. We will continue to monitor the demand environment closely and if necessary make further adjustments. While our team did a great job given the high loads brought about by the weak yield environment, our third quarter results were very disappointing, achieving essential breakeven results in whats usually one of our peak earnings quarters is certainly nothing to brag about. We know we need to do better and we know we owe it to you to do better. We recognize the importance of achieving and maintaining meaningful full year profitability. Our goal is to provide a reasonable rate of return to our investors and more stable and secure careers for our coworkers. Let me give you my assurance, that we are committed to that goal and will do everything in our power to achieve it. I want to close by thanking Larry Koellner, for his leadership. Larry has tremendous integrity, passion, and knowledge of the airline business. Hes been my business partner for almost 15 years and all of us at Continental will miss him. We wish him the very best in the private equity firm, he is starting and look forward to seeing him on board Continental Airlines in the future. With that, Ill turn the call over to Zane Rowe.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jeff. I want to begin by joining Larry and Jeff and thanking the entire Continental team for all their effort and hard work during a difficult quarter. Unfortunately, as Jeff mentioned, our results reflect the challenges we faced upgrading in a weak global economy. During a seasonally strong period like the third quarter, we should be reporting far better results than. This weve made a lot of progress with initiatives to combat the difficult economic environment. These initiatives target both costs and revenue, ancillary revenue continues to be a focus of Continental and the industry. We continue to place an emphasis on working smarter, reducing costs, and operating more efficiently and youll see that reflected in our cost performance during the quarter. Third quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was up only 1% year-over-year, on a mainline capacity decrease of 4.1%. For the fourth quarter, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant we expect both consolidated and mainline CASM to be up 1% to 1.5% year-over-year. Our consolidated fuel price, including taxes and fuel hedge impact during the quarter was $1.99 per gallon. We estimate that in the fourth quarter it will be about $2.04 per gallon, again, including taxes and fuel hedge impact. That results in a full year price of about $1.98 per gallon. We continue to hedge part of our fuel needs, which we have outlined in our investor update, that our most effective and sustainable way to manage that cost is through improved fuel efficiency. This year alone we have retired 25 of the less efficient 737 classic aircraft. We will end the year with a fleet thats approximately 38% more efficient on an RPM basis than it was a dozen years ago. That translates into a tremendous amount of savings for us. Just this month, we installed the first pair of blended winglets on the 757-300 aircraft. Once the Fleet Titles complete by the end of the second quarter 2010, all of our narrowbody fleets will have winglets. Our fleet is the most fuel efficient of all the major U.S. global carriers. We took the delivery of six new Boeing 737-900ER aircraft during the quarter. We also took delivery of another 900ER earlier in this month and have one more scheduled to deliver before year end. Additional 737 new generation deliveries next year will replace the last remaining 737-300s that retire from the fleet in January. By the end of 2010, we expect to have fewer shelves than we had this summer with a more efficient mix of aircraft. Now, turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $2.54 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. As a percentage of last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 20% at the end of the quarter. In August, we raised $158 million from the issuance of 14.4 million shares of common stock. We expect to end the year with approximately $2.4 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. Our cash CapEx for the third quarter was $129 million and our current estimate for the full year is $400 million. For 2010, were targeting non fleet CapEx similar to this year and fleet related CapEx of about $275 million. Year-to-date weve contributed $175 million to our defined benefit pension plan, and we expect that our minimum funding requirement for our defined benefit pension plan during 2010 will be about $120 million. We intend to file our 10-Q later today, which will include more detail on many of these items. In conclusion, weve had our challenges this year and the third quarter was no exception. Were going to stay focused on the things that have made Continental successful. Our people, our products, our fleet, facilities, and our network, we remain committed to achieving sustained meaningful profitability. With that Ill turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Jeff and Zane. Ill be here until the end of the year, but this will be my last earnings call. Its been an honor and a pleasure to be part of Continentals leadership team and to have worked with professional men and women at Continental for almost 15 years. When I came to the company as part of the turnaround team, we had great employees, but they were without the tools they needed to do their jobs. We worked on getting them the right tools and implemented our go forward plan that clearly laid out and communicated our strategic goals and most importantly, made our working together cornerstone a priority. Im very proud of the company that my coworkers have built by working together. My coworkers working together have built the company that is globally recognized for its superior service and products. Working together, they built the company that has one of the most modern and fuel efficient fleets in the industry. Working together, they built a global route network that is soon to be enhanced by the global scope and scale of Star Alliance. Working together, theyve built the company of which they and I are very proud. Im confident that Jeff Smisek and the rest of our management team, along with our professional dedicated coworkers will overcome any challenges that lie ahead. As I leave, I believe that Continental has a bright and vibrant future, and Im looking forward to watching Continental grow and prosper. With that, Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q-and-A.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you, Larry, Jeff, and Zane. With that, well begin the question-and-answer session for the analysts, followed by the question-and-answer session for the media. Hilda, if could you please review the Q-and-A process well be ready to begin.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Larry, let me ask you since youre leaving the industry, if you have any thoughts as to what the industry could do? So outside the Mac, although what could the industry do to achieve decent sort of solid returns on capital? What would make this industry investable? Is it just consolidation? Is that the only thing weve got left, what do you see?
Larry Kellner: No, I think we have looked at consolidation and clearly prefer to remain independent. I dont think its just consolidation. Clearly, we need three things. We need a stable economy, which we have struggled with here between all the outside shocks, and well shocks and then the financial shocks, but we also need a more stable regulatory front, and Id start with that with air traffic control. Again, there are just a number of things that arent predictable in our business that go up and down. As you look at a little capacity come out, things get better and then some capacity comes back in. Im not sure consolidation solves that, Bill. If you look back to the mid 80s there were articles talking about, how consolidation could solve that. We still have new startups coming, but I do think we need to look at the regulatory side and specifically focus on air traffic control.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: So its an interesting point you made just on the capacity coming in and out. On the margin this quarter were actually seeing the updates suggest slightly more capacity for forward periods. Its just not clear to me, why that is, because everyone is talking about how things are difficult and youve expressed disappointment with your results in the third quarter and yet were seeing capacity increases. Why is the industry already moving toward that?
Larry Kellner: I think theres two pieces that I think as Zane pointed out, well actually have less aircraft next year than we have this year, but clearly people are working every utilization opportunity they have, because as weve taken capacity out and youre trying to manage your cost to balance that. So I think what youre seeing right no is in addition of new aircraft to peoples fleet, which is really the capacity changes, I worry most about Bill, and I think we see people trying to use the tools they have today as efficiently as possible, because theres a lot of leisure demand and so load factors have not been issue. Its been the fare environment and that leads to you look for every marginal opportunity you can find to flight the airplane, but not to go buy new airplanes for growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: So fourth quarter load factor is tracking up three points, looks like youre going to be paying, assuming all else equal, $0.19 per gallon less than Southwest will for fuel in the fourth quarter. Most airlines balance sheets have been repaired, if you will so to speak or much better shape than a month or two ago. So whats preventing you now from pulling the lever on yields? Is it a visibility question? Is it an elasticity question because I understand the hesitation to attempt fare increases, when you think some of the cash strapped competitors are going to pursue sort of fleet strategy and not match you, but given the recent financing, it seems like liquidity risk has sort of the tabled near term. So whats preventing the yield lever being pulled?
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff and then Ill ask Jim Compton to add and if he wants to say, but certainly from our knothole, we have a huge deficit in business travel. So youve got a big mix issue. Its your high yield travelers are simply, either not traveling or theyre traveling more in the back of the bus and there we have to be somewhat dependent on the economy coming back and business travel are doing. So large part of the yield issue is really a mix issue. Weve got plenty of traffic at low yield for leisure traffic, but its business traffic of that. Jim, do you want to add anything there?
Jim Compton: Hunter, I think Jeff said it perfectly. I think that historically, weve seen yield comeback and just clearly is a mix issue first, but the leverage is that business traffic coming back first and thats the piece that obviously, were watching very closely, and thats really a function of the economy. So I think that leverage that you mention on yield is truly a function of how the economy is going to improve going forward and how business traffic moves with that economy.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess Im more driving not so much on the high yield side, but more on the leisure side. You talked about in opening comments about peak periods versus non-peak period. Do you think if we get you could be more aggressive now on back cabin peak period type traffic? Because with consumer settlement seems to be improving, albeit gradually and I feel exact that could probably after pretty magnified impact if you got more aggressive on the yield back cabin yields.
Larry Kellner:  I think its very difficult for us to comment on future pricing. I just point to actions that have been taken recently. You see in various cases carriers working to say, if we think were going to be full how do we maximize our revenue on those individual days, but I will also tell you that you not in once you get past the summer, are you have an awful lot of days that are not peak days as well. The Tuesday and Wednesday or every week come to mind and so theres real challenges in doing that outside of what I would consider peak periods, but I want to be just looking at whats out there historically, youve seen over the last 45 days or so people very focused on anyplace there is peak demand. So, well see where it goes, but its all driven by I think the systems always designed, the revenue management systems to look at both demand and what you think the leisure traveler will pay, as you can shut leisure demand of pretty quickly with price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase - Barclays Capital
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: In the past, youve given updates on where your corporate revenue trends were. I was wondering if you could give us those statistics as they played out during the third quarter and in particular, Im concerned with whether or not domestic premium is coming back at a faster rate than international or vice versa.
Jeff Smisek: I can help you, let me tell you the reason we have done it and the reason that youre going to see us discontinue doing it going forward what we wanted to demonstrate with the statistics we had before was how the year-over-year declines were bottoming out. That is the business traffic declines were bottoming out. Were now getting into and will be getting into, fourth quarter comps that are reflective of the significant decline in business travel that occurred after Lehman Brothers went down last year. So going forward you wont see us doing that, but I will tell you what weve got for the third quarter. I dont have it broken down by domestic versus international travel. We could probably figure that out and get back to you we needed to, but the year-over-year drop in high yield revenue for July was 31% for August was 28% and for September was 21%. So you can see the attenuation of the decline.
Larry Kellner: I would also point out September, this is Larry, a little messier because you had Hurricane Ike Houston for the last half of the month, which had lots of impact on our statistics, so its another reason it gets tougher.
Jeff Smisek: It gets tougher going forward, so its comps become essentially less meaningful going forward.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Then, your advances, as highlighted in the investor update are a little bit softer than what weve seen in prior periods. I know booking curve has changed a lot. Im wondering if that is a sign that youre being less aggressive in filling up as you look forward because you think the close in demand is better or if thats just, the changes were talking about in the booking process just sort of started to develop at this stage last year, so its comparison issue.
Jim Compton: Building on what Larry and Jeff comments here some of the places weve seen some improvement in bookings is in that 7 day to 13 day range. So youre exactly pointing to the right thing. The revenue management system is anticipating a better build as you move through the quarter and so I think we talk about 2.9 points higher load factor year-over-year in the fourth quarter reflects a building of bookings as we move through the quarter based on our bookings.  So getting back to earlier questions, its kind of the leverage piece that maybe was referred to a little bit and Larry mentioned the revenue management system, kind of lining up to where were seeing some of the demand right now.
Larry Kellner: I want to stress, we expect load factor to be up on a system basis almost three points for the quarter. So I think you should view that comment with where the bookings are. You can draw your own conclusions, but clearly were in a better spot than we were going into this a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Baker - JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Quick question on Star, you are gaining a strong Japanese partner in the form of A&A, but presumably your decision to move to Star was made without considering the impact of JAL possibly moving into SkyTeam and the potential that Delta could end up serving it down the road. Im just curious if any of this ongoing courtship of JAL has changed? How you view the potential Star benefit that you have to get in Asia, Japan in particular?
Larry Kellner: I dont think its the JAL courtship in the sense that either JAL is going to end up and stay in one world or go to SkyTeam, so were going to compete in Star between united and A&A in Continental with JAL and one of those two Alliances, either staying where they are and moving to SkyTeam and I dont think as we look the numbers, we think that has a dramatic impact on where we end up.  I think the key is, were working with United and A&A on a broader relationship in anticipation of open skies treaty with Japan, and I think thats where the up side is for us.
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan: Your optimism that U.S. carriers would see their fair share if any and made a flags with open skies is achieved?
Larry Kellner: I think its a little early for optimism on that. Lets just see where the open skies negotiations go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg - Bank of America.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: Two questions, just right off the bat looking at the RASM, when you look at your RASM as reported in the third quarter, if we look at the domestic versus the regional, the domestic piece was down in almost 16%, the regional piece was down a lesser 11%. Yet the capacity declines were similar, whats behind that? Because, when I think about the regional piece, I know there is some shorter hauled flights to Mexico, but its predominantly domestic. Any color that you can give on that would be great.
Jim Compton: Youre exactly right, pointing to those numbers. I would point out that if you kind of look on a two year over two year basis theyre behaving very much the same. So that the team has done a great job kind of at the margin right-sizing the regional. So even though understanding the capacity on year-over-year is about the same, but on a two year basis on that RASM lines up pretty well. So I think its more than network getting both the mainline and the regional in sync and the regional adjustments kind of lag of what we were doing on the mainline.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: My second question, this is either to Jeff or Larry, and this just has to do with Emission Trading Scheme. I know recently, there was an ICAO meeting in Montreal. It seemed that the global powers came out with a declaration of how to treat aviation, in advance of the UN Climate Change Conference, which is going to take place in Copenhagen later this year in December. I guess the question is that, now that theres a framework there, does that supersede what the Europeans are trying to do with the ETS, or is there some sort of dual track where all the carriers are still aggregating and calculating what their carbon footprint is what the possibility that whatever may come out in December may not be sufficient and such that Europe still goes ahead with its ETS, which I guess, kicks in sometime and I think its 2012. Can you just give us an update on that?
Jeff Smisek: Clearly, since we are both a global and mobile industry, having regional regulations relating to carbon emissions, it really doesnt work well. Since our assets flow across the globe, we need to be regulated in a consistent fashion across the globe for carbon emissions and ICAO is the right place to go. Both ATA and I ought to support that. Weve been working very hard, lining up carriers across the world and I think most all of us agree that thats the way to go. If we are however, because the EU, Emissions Trading Scheme is progressing, we are as carriers required to be prepared for that. Hope that one or more governments will sue to prevent the enactment of the ETS scheme, because its clearly a illegal from an extra territorial perspective, but unfortunately carriers dont have private right of action, only governments do, but having centralized regulation through ICAO with its expertise and aviation, and the support of the carriers as well, I believe is clearly the way to go for responsible regulation of carbon emissions for global carriers.
Larry Kellner: Id just add, Mike that if you look regional being very specific regional or country-by-country cap and trade does not work for the airline business and will significantly disadvantage the carriers from any country, in which those are enacted, because the way the cap and trade structures are set up. Its just very tough to deal with that on anything other than a global basis. I think the side of that is that ATA, IATA now working with our ICAO have come together to put forward and very meaningful proposals ATAs proposed in 1.5% per year, increase in efficiency through 2020, very meaningful things around the table, but its got to be done globally, and its very difficult to find any reasonable solution that will work. So were going to work hard hear in the U.S. and in Europe to try to get folks that are driving thats understand, but its not a case of airlines not wanting to do their part, its a case of we need a global answer and the noise standards were governed by ICAO and I think that work pretty well on a global basis. So I think thats a great example of the fact that we can make progress, but we need to do with a consistent global framework.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: Just Larry, last I just want to add, its been a privilege over the years and good luck going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Crissey - UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Can you talk about with the online travel agencies getting rid of booking fees awhile back now? Can you talk about, what youre seeing is in terms of maybe loss of kind of supplier direct website sales, whether youre seeing any of that and whether you would make any kind of counter off, or whether it be miles or some sort of other incentive to get the website direct bookings?
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff. We are clearly seeing an impact. Theres no question about that. In terms of our response, since that effectively goes more towards forward pricing, our General Counsel never lets us talk about that. So Im afraid, I cant talk about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel McKenzie - Next Generation Equity.
Daniel McKenzie - Next Generation Equity: Larry, I echo the congratulations here and you certainly do set a high bar for CEOs. I guess, my first question is really just housecleaning and, Zane I appreciate the cash CapEx for 2010, but Im wondering if you can provide a total consolidated CapEx number. By that I mean both the cash component, as well as the financing component for new aircraft and then related to that any color on need to tap equity or debt markets over next six months?
Zane Rowe: Dan, this is Zane. What weve given you today, at least this morning, is all were willing to give at this time. Were in the process of budgeting next years capital needs and working on our operating budgets for next year as well. As you know historically, we havent given any forward-looking guidance on capital mark activity, either. As it relates to next years aircraft coming in, we do have Boeing back stop financing available. Thats pretty much all were allowed to say on forward-looking transactions.
Daniel McKenzie - Next Generation Equity: I guess, my second question might be a little trickier, but Im wondering if you can talk just in general, about the labor strategy and just to clarify this, as I understand it, CAL has until December 2010 to implement a JV with Star, but scope clause in the pilots contract from the doing so and then separately, the pilots of course have an open contract, which would mean labor potentially would get two chances to step up to the plate for a raise. I guess, when Im wondering, are all these negotiations bundled together in one negotiation or two?
Larry Kellner: I think two things. One, I think we always think negotiations are best left at the table, but I think in the framework you talk about, we do have a provision in our pilot scope clause about revenue sharing with another domestic carrier. So while we could do a foreign JV, the issue here is we cannot revenue share with a U.S. domestic carrier with united in the JV, thats the issue there, but I think from our side we prefer to keep negotiations of the table. I would just say theres a lot of ways you can work these out I think were all focused. We have an amenable pilots contract. Wed like the get that resolved assume as we can to move forward. I think the pilots would like to get it resold. Its always just a question of trying to find common ground and so well continue work hard to do that. We also are open with the mechanics and will be open with the flight attendants the end of the year and so I think as we forward will continue to look to get those results as quickly as we can in a way thats both beneficial for our coworkers and also allows the company to be sustainable. It doesnt do us any good if we cant cut a contract that doesnt do us any good we cut a contract does it work on a long term basis as I think some other carriers of seen. So we need to try fine solution that work for everybody that clearly our people are out there working hard and we want to make sure that we find solutions to the issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont: What if business traffic on flying in the back of the bus or looking for discounts themselves is the new norm? What if business travel as we knew it, in prior cycles just is not going comeback that way and airlines have to really rethink their whole pricing strategy? How does that factor into kind of your thought process looking forward?
Larry Kellner: I think two things, Helane. One theres a balance there, which is I think we look across our large corporate customers and many of them I think their short term actions they can take but the weather youre global energy company within executive responsible for division in Europe and in the U.S. or youre an investment bankers. The people who are taking 15 and 20 trips a year international which we have a number rather than the corporate side, probably you going to see some return and we already see some change in policy where business first is going to be there. Two we have smaller on average business first cabin on international basis and we have never sold leaving us side of the 30s or 40s etc on certain key flights domestically in first class. So we typically been somebody result the economic in the U.S. were have the majority of people sitting in the front theyre on upgrades, and not on a purchase basis.  Internationally we have seen significant wants link of the flight and I think we fully recognize there maybe a new normal, which is somewhat better than what we see today, but not as good as what its been in the past.  However, I think our cabin size, relative on our aircraft in a way we configure which is C-class configuration, actually fit that well. Weve always been flexible in making adjustments and so clearly if there was a trade-off you can always reconfigure to take a few seats out, put more coach on and look at it vice versa. We have been very focused on keeping our international fleet consistent as much as we can, so for instance, all our 777s have 50 seats in the front in business first and I think thats a key we wouldnt want to lose going forward because it allows us to flow the aircraft between Asia and Europe and creates quite a bit of cost savings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: On the ancillaries on the bag fees, I think you talked about it being a $200 million number, given some of the changes its higher than that. Have you updated that? Sorry if I missed it?
Jeff Smisek: No, we have not updated it.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Safe to say given the changes that it should be at least materially higher I would think, no?
Jeff Smisek: I dont think weve updated it yet, and Im not were in a position to update it right now.
DeAnne Gabel: With that we open the call over to Nene to begin the question-and-answer session for the media.
Nene Foxhall: Thanks DeAnne. So, if could you briefly review the process for asking questions well begin the media session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Alison Grant - Plain Dealer.
Alison Grant - Plain Dealer: I was hoping that one of you could address as specifically as possible what impact you think the Star Alliance membership will have on CLE operations, not only in the near term, but lets see going out a year?
Jim Compton: As respect to that, what it really does is open up a bigger world, we have market in Cleveland. Star being the largest global Alliance out there, our customer base in Cleveland is going to have many opportunities to reach out across the world. In addition, as Jeff mentioned in his comments, were adding service in Cleveland to Dulles, that specifically is there related to Star to tap into the network United has and Dulles internationally as well as some of the other Star Carriers. So again, I think for all our Hubs, including Cleveland, it really has been expanded world for our customers with great opportunity.
Alison Grant - Plain Dealer: Quick follow-up question, if I may. I just wondered if you thought and if there would be any change in flow traffic given the existence now of the large United Hub within Continentals network in Chicago.
Larry Kellner: I think that any time the network is seeing changes, and in this case we are flowing into a different global network that flow traffic will change, and so forth. Well be obviously watching that to optimize revenue across our network and so forth, but I think that its hard for me to talk about specifics, but clearly flow traffic with new partners will be different. Obviously, different connecting points versus our SkyTeam partners that we had today, there are different connect points with our star partners to flow traffic will move with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle.
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: As one of youve mentioned in your comments that, there were specific requests about the travel from Houston to Frankfurt and the Cleveland to Dulles. Who made those requests to you all to add those routes?
Jeff Smisek: Shannon, I dont think its request. Those were adds in contemplation of joining Star Alliance. As Jim was saying, when youre changing Alliances and this is usual. Theres not ever been an airline of our magnitude switching global alliances. You clearly have different flows and different natural connecting points. So routes like Cleveland and Houston to Washington Dulles, connecting into United Hub, flights like Houston to Frankfurt nonstop which begins November 1 connect at Lufthansa, those are the source of opportunities that global alliances offer a broader range, more planes and more seats, more opportunities, more opportunity to both earn and redeem miles, all the good things that flow from a globally alliance. So those route launches that we alluded to are essentially the natural consequence of changing Alliances just like well move in many airports around the world to get closer to our Star partners to make those connections easier because, thats the key element in the Alliance. As youve got to make it, its seamless for the customer as you can.
Shannon Buggs - Houston Chronicle: So are there other changes that are coming soon related to moving things closer to your partners?
Jeff Smisek: Yes, Shannon, there will be other changes. No, we will not be telling you what they are before we announce them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mickey Maynard - New York Times.
Mickey Maynard - New York Times: I wanted to see if you could expand a little bit about the comments made to Bill Greene about what would make the industry investable, because it sounds like what you were saying was essentially airlines have done the job that they can do, now it needs larger solutions.
Jim Compton: Mickey, Ive been out before in the past. I mean the regulatory environment we have, and Im not talking about of return to CAB Standards of 1978, but the regulatory system we have today isnt working for employees, its not working for shareholders, its not working for customers. So I think weve got to step back at some point and say how do we get a regulatory system that doesnt allow or doesnt create the volatility weve seen, which if you go back since the beginning of coming out coming of deregulation in the early 80s, we have just seen huge volatility in this industry, some driven by the industry itself, a lot of it driven by crises outside of the industry 9/11, the energy run-up the economic industry collapse, but I think weve got to step back and say, if you go through a period of 25 years with the amount of turmoil weve had in the industry that all came off of a new regulatory set. I think the key as youve got to go back and look at those regulatory rules and say, what do we need to change? What do we need to fix? Whether its about oil speculation or air traffic control or about how the Railway Labor Act works. Again, in a way thats positive from a shareholder standpoint, positive from an employee standpoint, and candidly positive from a customer standpoint. I just dont think you can look and say other than from low fares, from an industry stability side, deregulation has not been working. Doesnt mean we need to go back to where we are, but I do think we need to look at how we adjust what we have.
Mickey Maynard - New York Times: So before we get something like, say, the three hour rule or passengers bill of rights or those sorts of things, you would rather have a complete look at the whole regulatory environment rather than the sort of patchwork quilt situation?
Larry Kellner: When I think the challenge with the patchwork quilt is it doesnt look at how all the pieces fit together and I think we had a step back and say, whether weve had now 30 years, since weve passed the Airline Deregulation Act. What have we learned and how do we create a more stable environment? Clearly, its done good for growth of the system, but as the system grow the air traffic control system didnt keep up with it. I think we continue to have challenges with the Railway Labor Act that I think we need to address with both labor and management to figure out a better solution from both side, because I dont think either side would stand up and say its working. I think as you look at the volatility in oil prices and business that burns a lot of well. We need to find the way to make sure that speculation is dropping those prices and how weve got some stability in the marketplace. So I do think we need a holistic view to say, what have we learned over the last 30 years and lets not look at one individual piece, whether it would be a passenger bill of rights or anything else, how we have review the industry. If we think its important to the country, which I should do and I think transportation is key to our future and also fits into the whole cap and trade issue, were talking about later in the call. I think theres just a wide range of issues that will all drive either instability in this industry or stability, and we need to look for a way to find more stability. I think that would be good for everybody.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Koenig - Associated Press.
David Koenig - Associated Press: I guess this is for Jeff Smisek. I wondered, in light of the October RASM estimate that youve offered, are you comfortable saying that the worst of the travel slump is now over, or where are we?
Jeff Smisek: David, I would say that we are bumping along the bottom. I dont have a crystal ball unfortunately or when I have seems to be very cloudy. So I cant tell you when the recovery will come or how quickly or at what rate business travel will return. I do believe that based on the data we have, we dont see things getting worse, but the recovery seems to be quite slow, and I think well know when we see it. Were just not in a position to try to prognosticate on it.
Operator: At this moment, Im showing no further questions.
Nene Foxhall: Okay, thank you very much. Larry, Jeff, Zane, and DeAnne, thanks to you and thanks to everybody whos joining us. Please call corporate communications, if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nene Foxhall - Senior Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs Lawrence W. Kellner - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer  Jeffery A. Smisek - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Zane Rowe - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President  James E. Compton - Executive Vice President - Marketing  Mark J. Moran - Executive Vice President - Operations  Gerald Laderman - Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer DeAnne Gabel- Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jamie Baker - JP Morgan  Gary Chase - Barclays Capital William Greene - Morgan Stanley Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus  Mike Linenberg - Bank of America Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Research 
Media:  Ted Reed - thestreet.com Shannon Buggs - The Houston Chronicle Allison Grant Richard Newman - The Record Jake Hahnville - Promedia Travel. Colleen ONeil - WTAM 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Continental Airlines Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference call is being Webcast and recorded Tuesday July 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Communications and Public Affairs. Miss Foxhall, you may begin.
Nene Foxhall:  Thank you, Anthony. Good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Kellner; President and Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President Marketing, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President Operations, Mark Moran; and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer, Jerry Laderman, to discuss Continentals second quarter 2009 financial results. Larry will begin with some overview comments, followed by Jeffs review of our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. We plan 20 minutes for the executive comments and then 25 minutes for analysts questions. At the conclusion of the analysts questions, we will begin a 15-minute question-and-answer session for the media. We would appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow up.  With that, I will turn it over to Deanne. 
DeAnne:  Thanks, Nene. Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the third quarter and full year 2009 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC.  Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net loss excluding special items. Please note that reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, as well as the Investor Update can be found on our website at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussions today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical fact, but reflect the Companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions, regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the Companys 2008 10-K and its other securities filings.  With that, I will turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Kellner : Thank you, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us.  I want to start by thanking all of my co-workers for the great job they do every day. The summer load factors have been very high and I know this adds to the daily challenge of running a smooth operation. I appreciate the entire teams efforts to deliver clean, safe, and reliable air transportation while providing excellent customer service and a high quality product. During the quarter we maintained our excellent completion record by achieving a system wide segment completion factor of 99.6% for the quarter. And, we finished first in the DOT on-time monthly performance among the major network carriers in both May and June, earning my co-workers $9 million in cash incentives during the quarter.  For the second quarter, Continental reported a net loss of $213 million, or a loss of $1.72 per diluted share. Excluding $44 million of special charges, our net loss was $169 million, or a loss per share of $1.36. As Jeff will share in more detail in a moment, these results were adversely affected by significant declines in the number of high yield passengers, as many business travelers curtailed travel or purchased lower yield economy tickets. And unfortunately, while leisure travel remains strong, it was at very low yields. While there are indications that our RASM declines have bottomed out, it is at significantly reduced levels. We have benefited from lower fuel prices, but not enough to offset the decline in revenue. We have taken many steps this year to right size the business to better match the demand environment and to maximize revenue and reduce costs. The most difficult of these actions is the elimination of approximately 1,700 positions that we announced today. We will make every effort to minimize the number of involuntary furloughs and reductions in force.  For me, this was a very tough, but necessary decision. Our future depends on us doing the difficult things required to remain competitive in the market place. In addition to right sizing the business and running an efficient operation, we are focused on maintaining our long-term strategic position. This includes launching service to strategic locations such as Shanghai, and being in a global alliance that is the best fit for us, and we are well on our way to doing just that. We were pleased to receive approval from the DOT of our Star Alliance application earlier this month. This will better position us to continue as an effective global competitor. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jeff and Zane, as we announced last week, at the end of the year I will be returning to private equity and Jeff will be taking the reigns as Chairman and CEO. Jeff is the right choice to successfully lead Continental into the future. He is a strong and effective leader. He has been my partner during my time as CEO and has been key part of every major decision that has taken place at Continental during his more than 14 years here. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff and Zane to discuss this quarters operational revenue and cost performance details.
Jeff Smisek : Thanks Larry. I join Larry and the rest of the management team in thanking our co-workers for a job well done. We have been running a very high load factor, which put additional stress on the system and our team has done an impressive job running a good operation and delivering great service. The revenue environment remains challenging. For the second quarter main line RASM was down 16.9% and regional RASM was down 20.5%, coupled with our consolidated capacity decrease during the quarter of 7.8% year-over-year. This resulted in passenger revenue being down 24.2% year-over-year. During the quarter we continue to see industry fare sales designed to stimulate traffic, which they did, resulting in very high load factors. Unfortunately, the high load factors were generated by low fares and thus weak yields. The year-over-year drop in business revenue in June was slightly better than what we saw in April and May, although it is still significantly down, with business revenue down 35% year-over-year versus down 38% year-over-year in both April and May. The number of business passengers was down 27% year-over-year in June versus down 36% in April and down 34% in May. So, we do think the drop off in business travel has stabilized, although clearly it is stabilizing at a low level. Slides showing monthly changes year-to-date through June are on our website on the Investor Relations section.  We expect to see continued pressure on yields until the industry capacity is appropriately resized to meet the reduced demand, or until demand itself picks up again. Although the economic environment doesnt appear to be improving yet, it also doesnt appear to be getting much worse, and there is some good news in that we are seeing international carriers cutting capacity, which didnt occur at significant levels when the industry was going through its fuel price crisis last year. Second quarter main line yields decreased 18.3% year-over-year and load factor increased 1  points. Regional yields declines accounted for substantially all of the year-over-year RASM declines of 20.5% year-over-year. We estimate that the H1N1 flu reduced second quarter consolidated passenger revenue by approximately $50 million. We are closely monitoring the impact of H1N1 in regions currently experiencing their winter season, such as South America, and in particular Argentina, where we have seen recent outbreaks. We will be responsive should we need to take temporary capacity adjustments in Argentina or other regions as the winter flu season sets in. Now turning to the third quarter outlook, across all regions of the business we expect to see pricing pressure similar to what we saw in the second quarter. That is, we expect to see carriers heavily discounting leisure fares to back fill the lack of business traffic with leisure traffic. There have been a lot of industry fare sales so far this summer and those fare sales have been at a steep discount.  Some carriers have already announced deeply discounted fare sales for targeted periods of weakness in the fall in an attempt to fill seats that have historically been filled with business traffic. Unless we see a rebound in business traffic, we expect that this trend will continue.  We still have a week and a half left in the month and things could change, but based on the data thus far, we are currently estimating consolidated July RASM will be down 16% to 18% and mainline July RASM will be down 17% to 19% year-over-year. We dont know when a recovery will come and there is a lot of uncertainty about the economic environment, however from the RASM degradation perspective, we do think we have hit the bottom. But, we dont know how long we will bounce along the bottom and what the rate of decline that will be. Our success is highly correlated with the return of business travel and we havent seen signs of that yet. So, while things appear to have stabilized, they have stabilized at low levels. We are committed to right sizing our business to match the demand environment. Today we announced the very difficult step of reducing our workforce as part of that right sizing. That tough decision is just one of the many steps we are taking to help mitigate the down side of a continued weak revenue environment. This was a particularly painful decision for us to make, given the tough employment environment out there and we deeply regret that it was necessary. In addition to identifying several new cost savings initiatives, we are rolling out some new revenue generating measures. We expect the aggregate annual run rate of these cost and revenue initiatives, once fully implemented in 2010, will be over $100 million. Some of these initiatives, such as an increase checked bag fee and an increased reservation booking service fee, are being implemented as of today, while others are targeted for implementation this fall. Legally, we cant give you more details on the future items, but we will announce them as we roll them out. The fact is customer preferences for ala carte choice and thus ala carte pricing are growing. As a result, we are changing to match those preferences while preserving our core brand. We expect to see our ancillary revenues grow over the next year.  We have continued to adjust our capacity plans for 2009. We started out the year planning for mainline capacity to be down between 3.5% and 4.5%, but as the economic environment weakened, we responded by pulling additional capacity and now expect that our mainline capacity for the full year will be down 5.6% year-over-year with mainline domestic capacity down 7.7% and mainline international capacity down 3.5%. We expect our regional capacity will be down 7.2% year-over-year. Most of our international reduction has been in the Trans-Atlantic region. For the month of June our Trans-Atlantic capacity was down 11.4% year-over-year and in October it will be down nearly 16% year-over-year. While the aggregate Trans-Atlantic capacity of our US network peers was only down about 1.5% year-over-year for the month of June, some US carriers have said they expect to pull additional capacity this fall. In addition, the International carriers are participating in Trans-Atlantic reduction as well, which should help the Trans-Atlantic revenue picture. For the full year 2009, we are expecting our Trans-Atlantic capacities to be down 9.1% year-over-year. Although as of now we believe we have responded appropriately with our capacity reductions, given the level of demand, we are monitoring the operating environment closely and will make further adjustments as necessary. We are in the peak summer travel season now and while the revenue environment appears to have stabilized, it has done so at low levels on peak summer traffic. We really dont have visibility yet as to how business and leisure traffic will hold up in the fall. When business traffic does return, it could return quickly, and we are well positioned to take full advantage of that opportunity. I am proud to have been chosen to succeed Larry as Chairman and CEO next year. I am committed to maintaining Continentals working together culture and its award winning product and service, while responding appropriately and timely to changes in the market place. I want all of you to know that I am committed to returning Continental to profitability and sustaining that profitability. With that, I will turn the call over to Zane Rowe.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Jeff. I wanted to begin by joining Larry and Jeff in thanking the entire Continental team. It remains a very tough economic environment and our team is doing a good job on staying focused and running and efficient airline. Controlling costs has been a long-term focus here at Continental and it is extremely important that we continue to do so as we adjust capacity to manage through this weak economic environment. I am pleased at what we have accomplished, but recognized the need to remain vigilant in seeking ways to operate more efficiently and at a lower cost.  Second quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constants and excluding special items was up 2.8% year-over-year on a mainline capacity decrease of 7.3%. Much of the year-over-year increase in the second quarter was driven by higher wages, salaries, and benefits, primarily the result of increased pension expense and the higher wage rate. For the full year, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both consolidated and mainline CASM to be up 1.5% to 2% year-over-year. With regard to fuel, we continue to see volatile fuel prices. Our current projection, it seems we will pay an average cost of $1.92 per gallon of jet fuel for the full year which equates to a year-over-year savings of over $2.7 billion in the fuel line. For the second quarter our average consolidated fuel price per gallon, including hedge impacts and fuel related taxes, was $2.07, nearly $1.40 lower than what we averaged for the same period last year for a savings of $762 million.  We estimate our third quarter consolidated fuel price, including taxes and fuel hedge impacts, will be about $1.91 per gallon. We believe our most efficient hedge is our fuel-efficient fleet and our focus on operational efficiencies. We continue to hedge a portion of our fuel needs to mitigate some of the volatility we have seen in the oil markets. A more comprehensive overview of our hedge position is detailed in the Investor Update.  Regarding our fleet financing activity and liquidity, during the second quarter we took delivery of two new Boeing 737-900ER aircraft. We took delivery of one aircraft last week and have six more scheduled for the remainder of the year. In June we successfully priced a $300 million EETC transaction in the public debt market. We were pleased with the execution of the offering and are happy that the capital markets have begun to show signs of life. The proceeds will be used to finance five new 737-900ER aircraft delivering this year and for general corporate purposes. In addition, last week we closed on a debt facility with a commercial bank to finance two new aircraft delivering this quarter, including the aircraft we took delivery of last week. As a result of this facility and the EETC, we have now completed the financing for all of our new aircraft this year, without the need to use any back-stock financing. While we do have back-stock financing available for all of next years aircraft, we will engage in our typical process of looking at various financing options for the 2010 delivery. With respect to liquidity, we ended the second quarter with $2.77 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. As a percentage of the last 12 months revenue, cash was 20% at the end of the quarter. We expect to end the third quarter with approximately $2.4 billion in unrestricted cash and short-term investments.  Now briefly turning to the balance sheet, our cash CapEx for the second quarter was $71 million and our current estimate for the full year is $336 million. In light of the current economic condition, we continue to closely monitor our capital spending and have scaled back some of our projects and deferred others to a later date. Year-to-date we have contributed $120 million to our defined benefit pension plan. We estimate our remaining minimum funding requirements for this year are approximately $30 million. In conclusion, an unfortunate consequence of the current economic environment is the need to reduce capacity to match the weak demand. This necessitated making some tough decision so to right size our business as well as identifying further revenue enhancing and cost saving initiatives. We will focus on delivering on these initiatives as we have in the past, in order to help secure our future and remain competitively well positioned. With that I will turn the call back over to Larry.
Larry Kellner : Thank you, Jeff and Zane.  The operating environment remains challenging, but the good news is that there are indications that the decline in revenue has stabilized. As Jeff and Zane mentioned, we are focused on maximizing revenue, running an efficient operation, and controlling costs.  We have many core strengths: great people, our globally balanced network, our fuel-efficient fleet, and a superb product, as well as great opportunities ahead as we transition to the Star Alliance. We will leverage these strengths to maintain our industry leading position and remain focused on achieving and sustaining profitability.  With that, I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A. 
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you, Larry, Jeff, and Zane. With that we will begin the question-and-answer session for the analysts followed by the question-and-answer session for the media. Anthony, if you could please review the Q&A process, we are ready to begin.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jamie Baker of JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan : My first question is for either Jeff or Larry. Has Continental thought through any response it might make should any of your competitors ultimately turn to Washington for assistance, in the sense of a liquidity nature?
Jeff Smisek : I dont know that that will occur, but should it occur we are really big believers in a level playing field and that is what we would focus on in that eventuality.
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan : That is helpful and I have a second follow up relating to One Pass. Do you think there is any more borrowing power within that relationship in the form of any further contract extension or forward mileage sale?
Larry Kellner : I think, as always, we will look across our business to see where we can generate additional cash. We tend to talk about it once we have done it, so we are always looking at other parts. We are very happy with the many relationships we have in One Pass, but I always think there are other opportunities, but we will talk about them as we are at a point where we have them. 
Jamie Baker - JP Morgan : Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Chase with Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Congratulations and good luck to both Larry and Jeff. We are in a situation now where people are just hyper sensitive to this stuff, so Jeff, if I could, if you could just clarify what you mean by you think the RASM declines are bottoming out. Do you mean based on where you came in for June, is that on a quarterly basis? Are there going to be months where the comps are worse? I just think people are incredibly sensitive to whats happening at the margin. I want to make sure I understand what you are trying to telegraph.
Jeff Smisek : Sure. I think the best way I would phrase it is right now it is clear we are living on the back of a great deal of leisure demand sparked by extremely low fares. As a result, with the very high load factors we are having, and strong bookings from leisure traffic, we are able to revenue manage the flights.  It is difficult for us to see, however, going into September post Labor Day when the kids are returning to school and leisure traffic traditionally falls off, what the business demand will be. I would characterize the stabilization as more of stabilization with respect to very current trends. That is June RASM versus the quarter, because in the quarter we had the positive event of Easter shifting into April this year which slightly distorted upwards the quarters RASM results.
Larry Kellner : I would just add on that you were seeing RASM drop off pretty quickly early in the year, especially as we went through like shifting Easter between March and April and we kind of adjusted for that. What we have seen is that flatten out. We are not saying the worlds getting better, but I think if you look at our business traffic slide you can also see that has kind of stabilized where it was year-over-year.  I think there are two questions. One is the Fall and where is business traffic, and two is not to get confused by fourth quarter comparisons, because clearly the comps get easier as you start to lap the troubles of a year ago. So, I think what we are seeing right now is some stability in the revenue environment versus what we saw earlier in the year was that it was falling off at a pretty sharp pace. We are not seeing it get worse and I think the other evidence of that is we are not constantly during the month knocking down our forecast to take more revenue out as the month comes on and future months come on. We have seen a little more stability in our ability to predict as well.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay and one for Zane. On the $100 million that you are targeting, it feels to me like the headcount is going to explain the vast majority of that. Is that accurate and if not is there a lot more to go on the revenue side? So, you have announced what the cost side is going to be; the revenue initiative you have announced a few of them. Of the few that you have announced, the increased baggage fee and the booking fee, would that explain the bulk of the rest of that $100 million or are there significant new initiatives that we should expect?
Zane Rowe: I would say that there are a number of initiatives and each of the points that you mentioned are part of that. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we cant talk about the revenue initiatives that we havent announced just yet, but it is a fairly balanced assortment of details within the $100. We have pretty much gone across the board once again and challenged every department in the Company with coming up with these savings. I think it is a fairly balanced group of revenue and cost saving initiatives.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: But does the $1,700 hedge out? Does that not get you the majority of the way?
Zane Rowe: That is included in the number, but not necessarily the bulk of the number.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: If we look at the Star transition that is coming up, what are the milestones or target dates that we should watch for? Is there some sort of key cut over where there could be a challenge on the IT side and will there be any sort of revenue hiccups associated with this when you think about it?
Larry Kellner : On key dates with our final flight on October 24 we will leave SkyTeam. We will be in Star just as fast as we can be after that and think days, dont think weeks or months. We will pick up partners as quickly as we can even before we get in Star. We just cant do anything until we get out of SkyTeam to jointly market with any of the Star partners, or be involved with any of the Star partners. So, it wont be seamless in the sense that we cut out of Sky Team on the 24th and go to Star on the 25th. It will be a couple of days in the transition. I think that from an IT side there are always challenges, but a lot of that work is done and I feel confident about where we will be. Clearly sitting here today, we are always worried about revenue hiccups as you have IT issues and other things, but we have been focused on this. We have had a significant amount of lead time and I feel good about where we are to transition from SkyTeam to Star.  You do have the challenge that until after post the 24th we cannot market or book and meanwhile we wont be marketing any flights in October or November or after the 24th in SkyTeam. So, you do have a period where you are taking bookings for November and December where you are not yet in Star, but yet you are not marketing SkyTeam carriers. Also, our alliance with codeshares with Delta and Northwest, some dropped off already. They all drop off, essentially, here at the end of July and so we do have a little revenue risk. I think we are managing that as effectively as we can.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Are any of the corporate contracts at risk when you transition?
Larry Kellner :  We have got some joint contracts, but I think, again, we feel from where we are positioned we dont feel that is a significant risk for us; a very small risk. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: If we look at your capacity points, you have sort of altered them ask we have gone through the year. Can you just sort of talk a little bit about the triggers? Like what causes you to want to cut a little bit more? Is it simply a profit metric? Is it a cash flow metric? Also, what are going to be the things you will watch for when you start to think about when it is time to even add back?
Larry Kellner : A couple of things, one its more in the short term. It is much more of a cash metric than it is a profit metric, especially in markets where we thinned out individual days of week on the service where it is just clear that the revenue on that flight is not going to cover the cash expenses of that flight. That is the same approach we used in Mexico with the Swine flu. On a longer-term basis, clearly we do look at profitability and when we have made significant market changes, like getting out of Cologne, weve said look we just dont think this market is going to be profitable on a long-term basis. And, we will look at adding back capacity. In a lot of cases we have gone from seven to six, or seven to five, we will add that capacity back where we think that capacity will cover cash.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Is your guess that airlines will be more likely to sort of jump the gun in hopes that things will get better, or will they wait to see if actually things are getting better before capacity comes back?
Larry Kellner : I would go back to our decision that was very tough for us, where we continue to have to reduce staffing here, or eliminate positions. We had held on for a long time hoping that clearly as we kept nicking away at our capacity plans, we were not making staffing adjustments. I think we have concluded that as you look out to the next year it is going to be pretty tough. Youd have to talk to other carriers for their view, but we had hoped we would see some stability sooner than we have seen it, but we are going to continue to take the appropriate actions to make sure that we are positioned for the future. They are tough, but I dont see a lot of capacity being added back the next year. I think it will take awhile and I think looking at where the economy is we have just got to plan for that.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: All right, thanks for the help.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Hunter Keay of Stifel Nicolaus. 
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus : My question is for Jim. I was wondering if you could maybe outline specifically how you think this move to Star is going to impact the operation at Newark? Pricing aside, I guess I am really more talking in terms of flow in connecting traffic. Do you expect to maybe pick up more connecting flights from international feed, or do you think this is going to be more reflective on the domestic network? What do you think are the main things from a network perspective to watch for at Newark?
Jim Compton: Obviously we are very excited about the transition to Star and the way we think about it, take specifically the ark that you are talking about, today as Delta is growing their New York presence some of that kind of activity has become redundant within SkyTeam. So for Star they dont have that New York player. So we are very excited about the connectivity that we are going to be offering our Star partners to New York. As well as, by the way, the larger network that Star provides our customers around the world also. Take that same logic into Houston, with our gateway into Latin America both Mexico, Central America and in the southern cone, again, Star doesnt have a US player partner for connecting in from the US out of Europe, for instance, to Houston and the Latin America area. Again in SkyTeam has dealt against networks and Atlanta has grown that has also become somewhat redundant, but once again, that is from a network point of view, from a connectivity point of view it is just a so much more powerful network for us and it is a great win, win both for us and for our Star partners; so for our customers as well as the Star carriers in terms of opportunity that they dont have today.
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus : Okay, great thanks, and a question for Jeff and of course Larry feel free to join in too. Jeff, what are the characteristics in a hypothetical airline that you would look for in assessing a potential merger partner and acquisition target? Maybe just more broadly, maybe outside the lines of just say network implications, what are the characteristics that you look for in terms of what would be a good fit for Continental?
Jeff Smisek : That is a pretty hypothetical question there Hunter. I think that the characteristics of any kind of partner for a merger or for an alliance are actually quite similar. You look for something that adds to your network, because we are in a network business. Ideally you look for a carrier that had costs that were similar to yours, so you wouldnt have disparate cost differences. Ideally you would look for a carrier that had culture that was similar to our own culture, because we have something that is quite special here at Continental that we think brings enormous benefit to our customers and ultimately to our shareholders. Clearly you look at the financing arrangements and the amount of debt on the balance sheet, all the things you would do in any transaction you would look at. But, network complimentarily would be helpful. There is a theory that you would want maximum overlap so that you are taking out capacity et cetera, but that is a little hard to get through the Department of Justice and this Department of Justice appears to be a tad more aggressive than that of the prior administration. Beyond that hypothetical I am not prepared to speak any more, because it is only a hypothetical. 
Hunter Keay - Stifel Nicolaus : Of course, all right, great, thanks guys. I appreciate it.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg of Bank of America. 
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: I know you have answered several questions on Star. With respect to the four-way JV though, how should we look at when that should be up and running? Is that 2010, and I am talking about you with tons of United, Air Canada, is that something that will be up and running in early 2010, or is that going to take some time? Also, when should we anticipate seeing the benefits from that?
Larry Kellner : I think the key is we didnt get our Justice Department approval until just a week and a half ago. So, last week we were able to have the first discussions about how wed roll that out. As soon as we are ready to give you more detail we will. Again, I think we are always careful not to get ahead of ourselves here. We are excited about it. It has got a lot of benefit, but it is also a lot of work and so weve still got a lot of work to do yet to get that in place, both to agree on exactly how the JV will be structured. We have the framework for it, but weve got a lot of details to work out. Then you have all the implementation issues as well. So, I think we arent yet ready to project when we will be up and running with the JV, but we are excited to have our approval. I want to thank everybody who worked so hard on that. All the congressional support we got and also the Department of Transportation for their efforts. We are very pleased with what they issued. But, again, it took awhile and so I think that puts us in a position where right now we are doing the hard work and hopefully by next quarters call we will have a little better handle on that.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: Okay fair enough. My second question is when I think about assets that you can ultimately pledge as collateral, if we think about the fact that Newark is now a capped airport. I realize that is on a temporary basis. Is there an opportunity down the road that those caps, whether they are temporary or become permanent, that down the road they may be viewed as slots that could be pledged as collateral for financing? Is there an opportunity there or is that just wishful thinking on my part?
Larry Kellner : I think that is hard to answer, because clearly if you look at history, once an airport became fully slot controlled on a long time basis, even some airports in the US those slots were finance able. Since these are temporary camps I really wouldnt put them in that bucket, but I think what we need to see is, kind of, what is the long-term process. Clearly, we need to fix the air traffic control system in New York so we can get more traffic through there, because right now while our on time performance in May and June among the network majors was first, we still had huge issues in Newark. Newark has been consistently, of the major airports, at the bottom of the list.  So, I think our primary focus is to figure out how to fix the airport so it can handle more capacity. If we end up with slots on a long-term basis that is an issue we will address when we get there. Right now they are temporary and I think our number one goal is to get the ATC system.
Mike Linenberg - Bank of America: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bob McAdoo of Avondale Partners.
Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners: You talked some about the Trans-Atlantic capacity being down this fall whatever. Are all those changes in the computers now, have they been for the last few weeks, or are there more changes to be announced in terms of to really get you to the numbers that you gave us today?
Jim Compton: All of those capacity reductions would be reflected in the GDSs also.
Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners: Okay and then the 1,700 people that are coming out, are those tied to capacity changes, or are those kind of overhead changes that you are making?
Jim Compton: It is a mix of both. There are some management and clerical, there is also across very ford groups in addition. We have had some very difficult decisions to make throughout the year. We have seen a reduction in call volumes and we have made reductions already in our reservation staffing. We have also out [culled] some from our flight attendants. So, some of it is flight volume driven, but there is also a piece of it that is overhead driven. In fact a very important piece of it is overhead driven and we have got to continue to work all fronts here.
Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners: Okay and then educate me a little bit on the anti-trust immunity. We all talk about what it allows you to do internationally. Do you have anti-trust immunity in terms of talking about the domestic issues, domestic schedules, and things like that with United or is this simply limited to international?
Jim Compton: Oh we wish. No, no, the anti-trust approval only applies to our international operations and to the domestic portion of international journeys. But we absolutely do not have anti-trust immunity with respect to domestic operations and we are keenly aware of that, and we will of course be very careful to make sure that we dont go astray.
Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners: So in terms of the value of some kind of merger with United or somebody, the fact that you have got anti-trust immunity from the domestic side doesnt reduce the beauty of being able to do something with the merger is what you are saying.
Jim Compton: Well it doesnt apply to domestic operation that is correct.
Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners: I understand. Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dan McKenzie of Next Generation Equity Research.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Research : Jeff, I believe you mentioned in your remarks that you expect to see some pressure on yields until capacity is right sized or demand comes back. I am wondering what you believe happens first. If capacity needs to be right sized, I am just wondering what kind of right sizing you are thinking might need to potentially take place.
Jeff Smisek : Dan, that is hard to know. I will tell you that we are seeing some good signs. Particularly right now the international operations have been pretty adversely affected. Trans-Atlantic, Pacific, and it has bled into Latin America as well. Last year the international carriers didnt really participate much in the fuel crisis downsizing. The US carriers, I think, reacted more aggressively. Now we are seeing the global aspect of the recession and we are seeing carriers across the globe cut capacity in many of our international markets and that is a very positive thing.  I think people will cut capacity to match the demand and ultimately we all need higher yields than we are getting because of the yields that we are getting, the demand we are getting, most all carriers are losing money and clearly that is not sustainable. The way I would best characterize it is we will know it when we see it when it comes to the correct amount of capacity coming out, given the level of demand. Demand is moving. There are some positive signs in the economy that I read about every day. I keep waiting for more and more green chutes and I have no doubt that we will ultimately climb out of the recession and demand will increase and that will be beneficial, but I think all carriers are facing very similar pressures and they are reacting in similar ways, as you would expect, to meet those pressures.
Larry Kellner : I would just add in that while we have known for a couple of months that the sale fare environment was very low, we have seen more demand at that level than we expected. I think the positive is we are at a point where we are running very high load factors here at the end of June and in July and I think that is a sign that the demand is clearly there at the sale fare level we are at and it is more demand than we expected at that level. Our revenue management systems have kicked in. I think the big question is we saw this high correlation to schools getting out and that demand level kicking in and so where is demand going to be in the fall? The real big question for us is when does business traffic come back and at what volume? So while it stabilized and was a little better in June year-over-year, we have still got a long ways to go on business traffic and that is the most important element in kind of stabilizing the revenue situation.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Research :  I understand. Okay then there has been so much talk about Star that I will follow up with yet even one more question. I believe you guys previously placed the incremental revenue benefit of joining Star over SkyTeam at $100 million, but if I am not mistaken that was before any trust or JV immunity here. Now that you have that I am wondering how you are thinking about quantifying that benefit.
Larry Kellner : The $100 million is right. That is the benefit we reaped merely from moving SkyTeam to Star without anti-trust or without a JV. Now that we have anti-trust and are working on the JV again, we just got that, so let us see how we end up on the JV. I think we have always been willing, once we have a plan in place, to kind of lay out what we think its worth. But, I think step one for us here is to get the plan in place with regard to the JV, all of the details in place, before we start talking about what we think it is worth.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Research :  I understand, of course. Zane, I am just wondering how you are thinking about the opportunity to reschedule debt that is coming due next year?
Zane Rowe: As Larry indicated earlier we dont like to discuss that prior to actually doing anything, but I think you see our actions today. Obviously we are pleased with our success rating here doing $90 million in the EETC transaction, as we have Terry and his team keyed up to look at 2010, so we will leave it at that.
Larry Kellner : Dan, I think in the EETC we have shown we have been effective at refinancing aircraft where the debt was coming due prior to the debt coming due, so we can stay ahead of that with the market understanding where we are at.
Dan McKenzie - Next Generation Equity Research :  I understand. Thanks a lot I appreciate it.
DeAnne Gabel: Anthony, that concludes the session for the analysts portion of the question-and answer portion. I will now turn the call over to Nene. 
Nene Foxhall: Thanks DeAnne. Anthony, once you have briefly reviewed the process for asking questions we will begin the media session.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Ted Reed of thestreet.com.
Ted Reed - thestreet.com: First of all I would like to ask about your 787 order. When do you expect to get those aircraft and do you see the same level of need for them that you did when you placed the order?
Larry Kellner : Right now we would expect to get the 787 in 2011. Clearly we are waiting for Boeing to update its schedule and we will keep everybody informed as we see that schedule updated as to what your expectations are.  Yes, I think on the international markets, I think as you look fuel prices, while down from last years high, are still significantly higher than they were in 2004 when we ordered the aircraft. It is a very efficient aircraft. We have a lot of international growth opportunities out of Newark. We also have some out of Houston if you look at our network. We think the plane is a great fit for us and we continue to be excited about getting it.
Jeff Smisek : Ted, Larry had told me he is really looking forward to flying on the 787s as well.
Ted Reed - thestreet.com: My second thing is, I read about the ATI application and there was discussion of global extent of the ATI. What does that mean in terms of what you might be able to do beyond the Trans-Atlantic, if anything?
Larry Kellner : It is actually very valuable. What we will be able to do, and obviously this is on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, and this is a grant of anti-trust immunity by the US government and doesnt apply, necessarily, to foreign nations. But, what we believe we will be able to do over time is to enter into arrangements with foreign carriers, for example, in Latin America, also in the Asia Pacific region. Perhaps joint ventures as well, which will permit us to maximize connectivity, maximize flow, coordinate our schedules to provide a very seamless service and frequent service to customers and provide a better product than we alone can provide, and give us, again, competitive heft against the other major alliances; SkyTeam is one of them.
Ted Reed - thestreet.com:  Is there any particular market outside of the Trans-Atlantic that that would have great value in?
Larry Kellner : Well we think there is great value in Asia Pacific and great value in Latin America and we are keenly interested in pursing both.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shannon Buggs of the Houston Chronicle.
Shannon Buggs - The Houston Chronicle:  I am wondering if you have more details that you can share with us about the 1,700 jobs that you are going to be cutting. How much of that is going to come out of Houston and the headquarters? A very significant piece was related to the management and clerical and I wanted some more details about that.
Jeff Smisek : I think for us the first step will be to make sure we have got all of our team informed here. So we are working through that process now and how we will roll that out.  Two, it is a little difficult to predict exactly how it will roll out by city, because we are going to take every step we can just like we did last year to minimize the number of involuntary furloughs or reductions in force. Much like we were out last month with our flight attendants looking for volunteers for leaves of absences, we will work aggressively to minimize the impact on our people. They do a great job. This is in no way related to them, it is simply an impact of the economy and where we are. These are very touch decision and we are going to work through it internally with our folks and do everything we can to minimize it and we want to make sure they have got the details first.
Shannon Buggs - The Houston Chronicle:  Okay, I get that you want to give them the details first, but with this are you also planning on doing a COLA for specific groups like you did with the flight attendants?
Jeff Smisek : We will work with each work group to look for every alternative we can find to minimize against involuntary furloughs or reductions in force. So, there will be some impact on the corporate side, without question, but we are going to do everything we can to minimize the impact of this while making sure we are competitive as we go forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Allison Grant of (inaudible).
Allison Grant:  I was wondering if you could be more specific about what was happening here in Cleveland. Also, could you be more specific about the timing of it, when the employees will know?
Larry Kellner : It depends on the group, again, because we will work with each work group to do everything we can to minimize the impact. On the management/clerical side we will move fairly quickly on the individual where we go to kind of on flights and to our schedule clearly we have a busy summer schedule that pulls down at the end of September. So, this is around the last week in September, I think it is the 23rd of September is where we are targeting on many of the work groups to have it resolved. We will look for as many volunteers as we can get to minimize the impact, again, of involuntary furloughs or reductions in force.
Allison Grant: Can you tell us anything about any capacity cuts that may be coming?
Larry Kellner : We outlined, and Jeff outlined in his comments, our outlook for capacity and we have also got that out in our Investor Update. We would be happy if you have specific questions you want to talk to on capacity. But, the schedules are loaded for the fall and so it is out there in the public system. We are not announcing additional new capacity cuts beyond what we have loaded in today, so it is out there and in the system.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Newman of The Record.
Richard Newman -The Record:  I wanted to ask about the Newark jobs. It has already been addressed, but I noticed that the Trans-Atlantic traffic was down disproportionately. Should we assume that there will be more of an impact on the Newark jobs picture than in say Houston or Cleveland?
Larry Kellner : Yes, again if you look at our work groups and where they are at, so much of it depends on what we can do to minimize the impact of this and how that shifts among our employees. So, as we have more details we will be happy to fill that in. We just want to be careful not to get ahead. Clearly there is an impact as we are reducing our Trans-Atlantic capacity and so there will be an impact in Newark, but it is difficult to pin down exactly where that will be. With our headquarters here the management/clerical hit will actually be more in Houston and so for different groups it will hit us at different spots in the system. Our number one goal is A) to make sure our team knows first what is going on and B) to do everything we can to minimize it.
Jeff Smisek : The one thing that I would add to that is, as Larry said, as we seek to minimize the impact through close and other voluntary programs, although it is hard to predict, I will tell you that should some of those not be successful the work force in Newark tends to be less senior than elsewhere because we have had so much growth in Newark. Then we have a lot of historical growth there and as a result the workforce tends to be more junior. So to the extent that we have to do some furloughs, you have to expect some disproportionate impact on Newark because that would be the sight of furloughs because we furlough in reverse seniority order.
Richard Newman -The Record:  Could you identify flights that have been cut out of Newark? I heard someone mention Cologne is that one?
Jeff Smisek : Well that was last year when we cut back on the international side. That has been out of the system (interposing) of leaving the market. What we have tried to do here in as many cases as we can is not leave markets, but leave them on certain days, especially during the week or season. We have got some other stuff that is seasonal and so we get out of it for the entire winter, things like Newark to Athens or Cleveland to Heathrow. But, on the stuff that is scheduled for the fall, the bulk of the cuts have been day of week cuts, so we will go from flying daily to flying four, five, or six times a week and we are getting out of the softest days. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jake Hahnville with Promedia Travel.
Jake Hahnville - Promedia Travel:  I was hoping for an update on technology. There was some discussion three months ago about migrating to the Star alliance common IT platform. I was just wondering have any decisions been made and what components of the platform would be used if that happened and when?
Larry Kellner : I think what we said and what we continue to be focused on is getting Continental and United on a common platform and so we continue to work on that. Where it is appropriate, when we are ready, we will announce where we are going. But, both United and us share the goal of getting to a common platform. We just think from a customer service side as we move forward one of the challenges we have always had in these alliances is IT. Clearly being on a common platform will solve a lot of customer issues and that is the primary focus. It is flexibility for making changes and things you can do for the customer on the alliance side.
Jake Hahnville - Promedia Travel:  So that includes the reservation system?
Larry Kellner : We would try to get to a common hosting system with United, yes. 
Operator:  Your last question comes from Colleen ONeil of WTAM
Colleen ONeil of WTAM:  You started to touch upon this, but I am wondering if you can give us an idea as far as how many employees of Hopkins airport in Cleveland may be cut?
Larry Kellner : Again, we just need to work through. Because, as you look at Cleveland, its pilots, its flight attendants, its airport agents, there are lots of work groups in the city and we need to work through with each work group kind of, one, what we can do to mitigate this and two, then when we get the results, as Jeff mentioned earlier, it goes in seniority order so it depends on what programs we are and where we are in place. So, we will be glad to update you as we move forward, but it is difficult at this time to predict, other than to lay out right now. We have a large number of what we need to accomplish and the question is how we go back with each workgroup and accomplish this in the best possible way.
Colleen ONeil of WTAM:  Also, we have heard that besides layoffs, and I didnt hear you address this, but from people in this area that are employees say that a lot of workers are going to be cut down to part time hours. Is there any truth to that?
Larry Kellner : Again, I think as you look at the schedule and as we talk about the number of positions, some of those are part time, some of those are full time, you may see some full time people end up going to part time because that is a better alternative than leaving in total. Again, it is very difficult for us, but we have to staff the operation on a long-term basis based on the flight schedule and the block hours we have. So, it is clearly a case where some people that are full time may end up going part time and we will just work through that in the way that has the least impact on our people, but allows us to remain competitive going forward.
Colleen ONeil of WTAM:  But the way you will make decisions on who goes is going to be based on seniority?
Larry Kellner : First of all we try to find volunteers, but if it was involuntary it would then be based on seniority for every group other than management and clerical which doesnt have the same seniority systems.
Nene Foxhall: Larry, Jeff, Zane, DeAnne, thank you and thanks to all of you on the call for joining us. Please call Corporate Communications if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. (Operator instructions).

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Media: Mary Jane Credeur  Bloomberg News Doug Hammer- Dow Jones David Koenig- Associated Press David Jonas- ProMedia Travel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Continental Airlines First Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time if you have a question you will need to press star then one on your touchtone phone. As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded Wednesday April 22, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Global Communications and Public Affairs and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First, Miss Foxhall; maam, you may begin.
Nene Foxhall: Thank you John; good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continentals Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Kellner, President and Chief Operating Officer Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President Marketing Jim Compton; Executive Vice President Operations Mark Moran and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer Gerry Laderman to discuss Continentals first quarter 2009 financial results. Larry will begin with some overview comments, followed by Jeffs review of our capacity and revenue results. Zane will follow with a discussion of Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. At that point we will open the call for questions. Weve planned 20 minutes for the executive comments and then 25 minutes for analyst questions. At the conclusion of the analyst questions well begin a 15 minute question and answer session for the media. We would appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one with one follow-up. With that Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you Nene. Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the first quarter and full year 2009 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC. Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net loss excluding special items. Please note that a reconciliation of the GAAPs non-GAAP financial measures as well as the investor update can be found on our website at continental.com under the Investor Relations Section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical fact but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risk and uncertainty please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2008 10K and its other Securities filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Nene and DeAnne and good morning to everybody on the call and thanks for joining us. This was a very tough quarter no matter how you look it but my coworkers are resilient and they did a great job pulling together to run a solid operation. From the front line to the back office my coworkers are committed to excellence; we know it and our customers know it. Whether its topping Fortune Magazines Annual Airline Industry List The Worlds Most Admired Companies or being named Best Airline North America by Skytrax or giving of themselves to help others in times of need, my coworkers continue to make a difference every day. Turning now to our First Quarter 2009 financial results Continental reported a net loss of $136 million or a loss of $1.10 per diluted share; excluding $4 million of special charges our loss per share was $1.07. On a pretax basis our first quarter 2009 results excluding special items were about flat year over year and while its always disappointing to report a loss considering the economic backdrop our team did a good job mitigating the impact from a significant decline in business traffic. As I said, our team ran a solid operation during the quarter and achieved a system-wide segment completion factor of 99.2%. I want to add a special thanks to all my coworkers who helped with the successful launch of our nonstop service from New York to Shanghai. There are many detailed steps and a huge amount of effort involved in going from initial market analysis to landing our first 777 in Shanghai and I want my coworkers to know that I recognize their efforts and appreciate their commitment. Shanghai is an important market for us as we grow our portfolio of Asian destinations. As we look to the future we had a key event earlier this month when we received tentative approval from the DOT for global antitrust immunity with United, Lufthansa, Air Canada and several other Star members. This is great news for us as well as our customers and coworkers as joining Star will enhance our ability to compete with the carriers in the two other global airline alliances. Well end our participation in the Sky Team alliance after the last scheduled flight on October 24, 2009 and we anticipate that our participation in Star Alliance will begin promptly thereafter. As I tell the team here regularly, I view promptly as hours, not days or weeks. In addition, we are working closely with our new partner United Airlines to develop a strong alliance relationship, which will greatly benefit our customers and those of United. I and other members of the Continental management team meet regularly with Glenn Tilton and his team at United as we develop plans to co-locate at airports, deliver mutual cost savings, share airport lounges, bring benefits to each others elite customers and ultimately move to a single IT platform so that we can provide excellent service to each others customers. While waiting for the final DOT approval we continue to work on our transition to Star Alliance. Our team is working hard to make this transition as seamless as possible for our customers and to be able to offer a full range of frequent flyer, lounge sharing, elite recognition and other benefits for our customers and those of our new Star Alliance partners. While there are short-term revenue risks inherent in switching alliances Im confident our team will successfully minimize them and the long-term revenue benefits to us from Star Alliance are materially greater than what we receive as members of Sky Team. Because we compete with Delta for New York and Latin America business the Star Alliance is a more complimentary fit for Continental and our customers. The entire Continental team looks forward to the opportunity to bring home to our customers all the benefits of our upcoming membership in Star Alliance. You can expect to receive updates from us as we continue to develop our participation in Star Alliance. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jeff and Zane, I would be remiss on Earth Day not to recognize Continental and its coworkers commitment to the environment. From our fuel efficient fleet to this quarters successful biofuel demonstration flight and to our ongoing recycling program we continue to take decisive steps to incorporate environmental stewardship into our business and culture. Well continue that focus. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff Smisek and Zane Rowe to discuss the quarters operational, revenue and cost performance details.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks Larry; I join Larry and the rest of the management team in thanking our coworkers for once again delivering solid operational results. As we mentioned in our mid-quarter update, during the first quarter we experienced year over year RASM degradation that accelerated during the quarter, largely driven by declines in business travel. During the quarter, as is common in our industry when demand slows, there were numerous industry fare sales designed to stimulate traffic but fare sales resulted in dilution as leisure, who would have traveled at a higher price, take advantage of the sales and traveled at a lower price. So, in the first quarter we were hit with a double effect of an adverse shift in mix caused by fewer business travelers and dilution of yield on leisure travelers who would have traveled anyway caused by industry fare sales. In addition, we continue to see a relaxation of some fare rules, thus lowering the fences between business and leisure demand and allowing business travelers to book at much lower fare levels. This, of course, is also detrimental to yields. So, until industry capacity is again re-sized to meet the reduced demand or until demand itself picks up again we expect to see pressure on yields. First quarter mainline yields decreased 7.6% year over year and load factor decreased three points year over year resulting in a mainline RASM decrease of 11.2% year over year. Regional RASM was down 19.6% year over year driven by both yield and load factor declines. Looking ahead to the second quarter, in general, close end bookings inside of 14 days continued to be soft as we have yet to see an improvement in business bookings. Domestic yields continue to suffer from weak business yields in bookings and we see an increased pressure on leisure yields, in part driven by the industry fare sales I mentioned. However, during peak period leisure yields are holding up relatively well but we continue to see negative pressure on leisure yields in the non-peak periods. Internationally, we continue to experience significant degradation of front cabin yields and load factors and we continue to see decreases in fuel surcharges in many regions. Here are some of the trends were currently seeing by international region. In the Trans-Atlantic, in addition to the weak front cabin yields, weve also started to see significant back cabin yield degradation. Together, this has driven a 35% year over year drop in the average current selling fare in the Trans-Atlantic region for travel through the end of May. In the Pacific, the front cabin yields are weak but weve seen relative strength in back cabin yields and load factors. Were pleased with the performance of Shanghai so far, which is performing in line with our expectations despite a much weaker revenue environment than wed anticipated when we originally planned the route. In the second quarter we expect our Pacific capacity will be up 13.8% year over year due largely to our new Shanghai route versus being down 10.2% year over year in the first quarter. Thats a pretty big swing, which will put some negative pressure on Pacific RASM. In addition, theres been a steep decline in the fuel surcharge collected on Japan to Micronesia routes. Effective April 1st, the fuel surcharge on these routes was reduced from $150 to $20 each way. In Latin America we continue to see a lot of weakness in the Mexican business market, many of which have economies heavily dependent on the auto industry. Were also seeing weakness in the Mexico beach markets. South America is suffering from a general slowdown in business traffic as well. While the revenue picture is disappointing, the cost side of the equation looks a lot better thanks to lower fuel costs and our consistent focus on running an efficient operation. We expect our jet fuel price per gallon for the second quarter to be down nearly 39% year over year and as a reminder our long-haul international flights benefit disproportionally from lower fuel costs as fuel constitutes a relatively higher proportion of the overall trip costs for those flights. That said, lower fuel prices in a weak economic environment clearly havent solved the industrys problems but theyve certainly provided a cushion against material revenue declines. Obviously, wed prefer a stronger economic environment and when things get better we are well positioned to participate quickly in the upside as business travel returns. We understand that businesses quickly cut their travel and entertainment budgets in a recession as T&E is a highly visible and easily controllable cost. However, relationships are created and get cemented in person and sales and deals get done face to face. Smart businesses will be those that get their people out and flying around making sales, gaining market share and brining in new business while their less insightful and ultimately less successful competitors hide in their offices hunkered down hoping times get better. Turning to advanced bookings, consolidated domestic book seat factor for the next six weeks is running two to three points ahead of last year as weve been more open with our domestic inventory than we were at this time last year. Mainline Latin bookings are running one to two points behind last year, Trans-Atlantic bookings are four to five points ahead of last year and Pacific bookings are running two to three points ahead of last year. For the full second quarter we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to be similar to last years levels. We will be announcing April RASM results in just over a week so Ill give you a preview of what to expect. We estimate that Easter falling in April compared to March of last year represented approximately 2% to 3% of our March 2009 year over year RASM decline. While we experienced relative yield and load factor strength over the Easter holiday the rest of April looks similar to March so, for April we anticipate both consolidated and mainline RASM will be down 13% to 15% year over year. There remains a lot of uncertainty about the economic environment and we dont yet know how deep or long this recession will be, whether or not weve hit bottom, how long well bump along the bottom once we hit it and what our rate of climb out of that bottom will be. All we can really say right now is that the rate of decline of our RASM appears to be decelerating as compared to the rate of decline we experienced in the first quarter. Now, for our capacity outlook for the second quarter we expect mainline capacity to be down 7% year over year with mainline domestic capacity down 10.1% and mainline international capacity down 4%. We expect regional capacity will be down 10.7% year over year. For the full year 2009 we expect our mainline capacity will be down 4% to 5% year over year with our mainline domestic capacity down 6% to 7% year over year and our mainline international capacity down 2% to 3% year over year. Weve made some significant frequency reductions in the Trans-Atlantic beginning in September and now expect our full year 2009 Trans-Atlantic capacity will be down an additional percentage point or down 7% to 8% year over year. While the revenue environment remains challenging and the economic outlook uncertain Continental is well positioned and we have very exciting opportunities ahead of us as we transition into Star Alliance. We remain committed to achieving sustained profitability and we intend to take whatever action is necessary to deliver that for our stockholders and our coworkers. With that, Ill turn the call over to Zane Rowe.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Jeff; before I discuss our cost performance for the quarter I want to join Larry and Jeff in thanking the entire Continental team. This is obviously an unprecedented and tough economic environment we are operating in. With capacity declining and revenue down controlling cost is extremely important and I think weve done a good job at that. Our first quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was up a modest 0.9% year over year on a mainline capacity decrease of 7.6%. We are pleased with this cost performance and our success here is due to the efforts of the entire team. Across all areas of the company we remain focused on operating the airline more efficiently and reducing costs as we adjust our capacity to better align it with demand. For the full year, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both consolidated and mainline CASM to be up 1% to 2% year over year. Turning to fuel; fortunately weve seen significant relief from our largest expense item and have benefited from the steep decline in fuel prices. Our current projections for the full year have us saving in excess of $2.5 billion in the fuel line year over year. For the first quarter, our average consolidated fuel price per gallon including hedge impact and fuel-related taxes was $1.82, nearly a dollar lower than what we averaged for the same period last year. Not only did we benefit from lower crude prices but also from a much lower refining margin. The jet fuel crack spread averaged $12.63 per barrel in the first quarter or nearly $8 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2008 and month to date in April its averaged less than $9. Based on our current hedge position we estimate our second quarter consolidated fuel price including taxes will be about $2.12 per gallon. This includes a negative impact of $0.55 per gallon driven by our second quarter hedge position. We estimate the negative fuel hedge impact for the second half of 2009 is about $0.06 per gallon so the second quarter is the last quarter in which we expect to see a significant impact from fuel hedges that were put in place last year. Moving forward, we continue to look at opportunities to hedge fuel as a risk management tool to reduce the impact that fuel price volatility has on our business. Regarding our fleet; during the first quarter we took delivery of four new Boeing 737-900ER aircraft. Two of these aircraft were financed using funds available under our 2007 EETC. The other two were financed using a debt facility provided by a commercial bank. We expect this bank to also finance the 737-900ER aircraft scheduled for delivery next month. In addition, the final aircraft to be financed under the 2007 EETC is expected to be delivered in June. We have seven additional 737-900ER aircraft delivering in the second half of the year. While we have backed up financing available, we continue to hold discussions with third parties for financing these aircraft. Now briefly turning to the balance sheet; we ended the first quarter with $2.65 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments and expect to end the second quarter with approximately $2.8 billion. As of April 15th we had a $152 million of collateral posted with our fuel hedge counter-parties in the form of cash and an additional $56 million secured by two aircraft. When the second quarter obligations roll off assuming todays fuel curve well expect our total collateral requirement to be about $40 million. These continue to be challenging times in the capital markets. Certain parts of the capital markets have shown some improvements over the past few months while others have yet to improve. We have shown a propensity to be resourceful in managing our liquidity needs in the past and will be no less diligent at doing so in the future. Our cash Cap ex for the first quarter was $59 million and our current estimate for the full year is $454 million. We continue to closely monitor our capital spending and have flexibility regarding the timing of several of our capital projects planned for 2009. We have already scaled back our capital expenditures from our original estimate and can further do so should the need arise. Year to date, weve contributed $100 million to our defined benefit pension plan. In conclusion, weve made a lot of progress over the last few years in reducing costs in the business. We continue our efforts in this area as we adjust to declining demand in the current environment. The challenges this year are different than last year but are no less difficult. Whether its the dramatic increase in jet fuel prices last year or the rapid decline of revenue over just the last six months its evident that the operating environment can change quickly. We have a strong history of managing through difficult times and we continue to do so. We are very well positioned competitively and remain focused on achieving and sustaining profitability. With that, Ill turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Kellner: Thank you Jeff and Zane; these are challenging times. Weve traded skyrocketing fuel prices for a bleak revenue environment. Fortunately, the cost side of the ledger looks a lot better than it did last year thanks to the benefit from lower fuel prices and our consistent focus on cost control and operating efficiency. Competitively, we remain well positioned because of our core strengths; great people, our globally balanced network, our fuel efficient fleet and a superb product and we use those strengths to manage through these tough times. As weve consistently demonstrated, were prepared to and will take the necessary steps to adjust our capacity and cost to demand while managing strategically for the long term. We remain focused on achieving and sustaining profitability as that is what we owe our coworkers and shareholders. In the meantime, were going to stay focused on running a great operation while looking for opportunities to improve revenue and reduce our cost structure. Weve got some great opportunities ahead as we transition to Star Alliance and well keep you updated as we move through the transition. With that, Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you Larry, Jeff and Zane; with that, we will begin the question and answer session for the analysts followed by the question and answer session for the media. John, if you could please review the Q&A process were ready to begin.
Operator: Thank you; we will now begin the question and answer session (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from William Greene from Morgan Stanley; please go ahead.
William Greene: Im wondering if we can talk a little bit about international capacity? I dont see much in the way of cuts and in fact as we go forward they actually are even less, particularly by the time we get to the fourth quarter and yet if I understood your commentary correctly theres a lot of headwinds from FX and fuel on the capacity front. So its not clear to me why we wouldnt be revisiting that at this point because I would think if you wanted cuts in the fall you need to start thinking about those now.
Jeff Smisek: Well, we are adjusting our international capacity with some frequency engage reductions. We are doing that now. There have been some headwinds certainly in Europe in terms of foreign exchange, although the opposite of that in the Pacific in terms of our yen exposure there. We take a look at every single route and make sure and we do a pretty thorough analysis making sure that our flying is always cash positive and were making reductions where we think they make sense. To the extent that we see continued revenue degradation well take actions that are appropriate.
Larry Kellner: Bill, the other thing Id add, this is Larry; is that our international business was profitable in the first quarter while our domestic business lost a lot of money. So as we look at how we focus our capacity going forward obviously were going to make the right fine-tuning adjustments on frequency and day of week but our international business, even in this tough environment, continues to be profitable.
William Greene: Larry, you, I think, have done a really good job over the last few years sort of outlining a long-term growth plan if you will particularly on the capacity side for the company. But over the last lets say five or seven years, maybe even longer, weve had some costs of debt that were quite a bit lower than they may be going forward. So when you think about this long-term growth plan, say 5% to 7% capacity, if the debt costs are a few hundred basis points higher at a minimum is that realistic? Do we have to rethink the level of that growth plan? Can you still make the math work if debt costs are actually higher for a longer period of time?
Larry Kellner: Yes, as long as the 787 gets delivered and weve got a lot of confidence in Boeing to ultimately do that. Clearly, were disappointed with the delay but weve got a lot of confidence in them to do that. That plane is dramatically more efficient than any long haul plane flying today. So while you would not like debt cost to be up that wont offset the benefits of that aircraft and thats really what our long-term international growth plan is built around.
William Greene: Although youre even still taking sort of 737s as well, which?
Larry Kellner: You need the 73s to complement the feed you need for the long haul network and clearly theres a lot of efficiency benefits to us in ultimately getting out of the 737 classes and getting just the 737 new gens. Also, weve been focused on taking 800s and 900s, which on a CASM basis are still very efficient airplanes. Weve got to be thoughtful about how we deploy them. Clearly, we need to make sure that weve got our domestic network properly feeding our international network as we add international capacity. But it could cause us to slow down if debt costs were a couple hundred basis points higher, to slow down a little bit on the narrow body side domestically. But again, the new gens if youLong term, I think fuel prices are going higher and so, again, we want to keep working the fuel efficiency side as well. We think theres a payback there.
William Greene: Just one quick question on liquidity; what options do you have left to sort of lever up or sell? Can you sell more miles etc.? What liquidity options are left if you needed them?
Larry Kellner: I think, Bill, weve had a pretty good history of talking about things after we do them rather than before we do them. Well continue to look at that. I think our relative liquidity compared to the other big global network carriers is in pretty good shape if you look at it as percent of revenues. Well have some collateral available if you look through the rest of the year that well look at and well look at some other opportunities. But I think we prefer to talk about it after weve done it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay from Stifel Nicolaus; please go ahead.
Hunter Keay: Good segue actually sort of on the liquidity cash that extends; it looks like you are going to end 2Q at roughly 20% of LTM revenues and unrestricted cash in your balance sheet. It seems to me, at least, like theres a pretty good opportunity for you guys to make some pretty significant purchases with regard to hedging. I know, Zane, you touched on this and maybe if you could give a little more Id appreciate it particularly going out there and I would assume at this point buying some call options, which I think would probably be a little bit more reasonably priced than they were say six or nine months ago. But I havent seen much in terms of your hedge build being built up; how do you guys think about that? I mean, how are you going to approach hedging? I know you talked about it again, Zane, but how are you going to approach hedging, the actual specific methods and when do you think its the appropriate time to get back in and using some of your cash? Because you could pretty much argue that that is one of the most prudent ways to use your cash at this point in time in terms of managing risk.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Hunter; I think its a good point and its a discussion we have here fairly regularly. As you know, looking at the forward curve if you were to just take the December 09 contract, while the front month earlier in the year was arguably artificially low youll see the December 09 contract hasnt actually moved that much and the forward curve is still fairly steep. So, we look at if theres still quite a bit of volatility around our ability to hedge and what that curve looks like, which makes call options rather expensive and obviously if you were to consider sort of going out with callers its just a challenge given what weve seen here with the front months actually coming in a lot lower than the forward curve would otherwise have dictated it to come it at some time ago. So, were looking at it actively. I think as Larry mentioned, we expect it to increase over time although thats already built into the expectation of that forward curve so well just continue to monitor it.
Hunter Keay: One additionally and I know you guys also touched on this too on FX; weve seen some pretty significant differences on FX as it relates to a couple of your major competitors that just recently reported. In fact, one of them reported an FX tailwind in the Pacific and the other one actually had a headwind so clearly thats a function of point of sale and strategy with regard to where theyre flying and how theyre flying there and whatnot. Can you maybe help us out and maybe understand and maybe just major by geography, not just really the Pacific but in each say geographic entity what to watch for in terms of FX? Whether its Europe, Latin or Pacific; what are the major swings and what should we be watching for in terms of how this hits in terms of headwinds and tailwinds?
Zane Rowe: To start out with, in the first quarter we had five points of RASM headwind if you will on the Trans-Atlantic side. That was driven primarily by the movement in the pound year over year. On the yen side we were actually assisted by about seven points in RASM year over year. Again, its something were actually hedged about a third of our revenue on the yen, more or less close to where the forward strip is today but it is, again, something that we monitor closely.
Hunter Keay: Right and in Latin would be maybe the Real; whats the major currency that swings Latin around?
Zane Rowe: Latins a little different, I think, because of the way they price out those tickets so its a little less sensitive as it relates to foreign currency swings. But obviously on that its a little shorter term and the markets arent quite as liquid as they are for the other currency.
Hunter Keay: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital; please go ahead.
Gary Chase: Jeff, I apologize that I was on another call here this morning but I jumped on as you were talking, I think, about in the Trans-Atlantic I think you said something about average fares being down 35% year on year.
Jeff Smisek: Average selling fare through May, yes.
Gary Chase: Average selling fare
Jeff Smisek: Beginning; for example, I think it begins the end of April through the end of May. Thats just the time period of which we measured it.
Gary Chase: The only reason I ask is if average fare is going to be down 35% and loads are roughly in line thats quite a bit different than what weve been seeing. I must be confusing what you were trying to convey there.
Jeff Smisek: The fact is that weve got pretty significant RASM degradation in Trans-Atlantic and youre also going to see the year over year comps are going to be pretty tough as well because were getting into the period where we had pretty high fuel surcharges last year, which have evaporated this year. The Trans-Atlantic is fairly ugly right now.
Gary Chase: So, when the close end bookings come we should see a yield that looks better than down 35% right?
Jeff Smisek: We would hope so, yes.
Gary Chase: I mean, that would be a major change from where youve been.
Larry Kellner: Gary, I will just point out that thats driven by two factors. One was last year those yields were going up quite dramatically in this timeframe due to fuel.
Gary Chase: I guess what Im trying to do is I just want to make sure that I didnt, Im not misinterpreting the fact you might have been trying to convey; you could see yields down that much. I mean, it sounds like youre comping what youve sold to date and it doesnt sound like you expect to be that bad. I guess Im just trying to get clarity around what context you were trying to provide that color.
Jim Compton: Gary, this is Jim. As Jeff mentioned, that [inaudible] compare and so obviously the component year over year as you mentioned could be mixed. I would expect that the yield would come in less than that 35%.
Jeff Smisek: That said, the yields in the Trans-Atlantic are pretty poor right now.
Gary Chase: Well, yes; pretty poor and down 35% hopefully are different. Also, on the hub by hub performance you go through a little bit of the load factor change. If I just read the investor update does the hub by hub performance pretty much follow the loads or is there additional color that we need to understand that?
Jim Compton: Gary, this is Jim. The hub to hub performance is pretty consistent with the capacity that you are mentioning. So, in other words, were not seeing any geographic area, for instance Detroit in the Midwest with unemployment and so forth. Its pretty evenly distributed the softness across the hubs.
Gary Chase: Another one for you Jim; one of the things that has to be affecting your domestic RASM is the allocations you make from international journeys into your domestic segments. Is that a material impact and if it is can you just give us a rough sense of how much drag thats creating on your domestic RASM?
Jim Compton: Im trying to understand.
Gary Chase: Could youyou allocate a portion of all your international journeys that connect over say Newark; youll allocate a portion of that revenue into your domestic base and obviously the fares and yields are getting hit harder in your international markets than they are domestically, partially because of capacity. I was just wondering if thats dragging on your relative domestic RASM?
Jim Compton: I would say that as we see weakness in the local markets one of the advantages obviously of that Newark hub is to connect traffic to supplement that local so I would say its not significant. But yes, as you flow more traffic across the hub, particularly in the Trans-Atlantic, youll see that moderating affect on the performance in RASM in the domestic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg from Bank of America; please go ahead.
Mike Linenberg: Just to follow-up on some of the stuff that Gary asked when we look at the selling fare down 35% in the Atlantic; what would that be if we were to exclude the fuel surcharge? How many percentage points of that is fuel surcharge if any?
Jim Compton: This is Jim; I dont have the numbers exactly in front of me. But again, the surcharges for traffic selling into the summer last year became very significant in terms of the dollar and again it depends on the type of fare. Obviously, a larger percent of the leisure fare than what was on as a percent of the business fare and so the mix is an issue also as you go forward but a fairly significant percent of last year that obviously were not having this year.
Mike Linenberg: Since we dont have the exact answer there because a big chunk of it could be fuel surcharge; if we assume lets say yields are down 20% to 25% youre cutting your Atlantic capacity for the quarter 10% or 11%. Just based on the math there wouldnt it make sense to cut even more capacity or do you really start running into some serious cost headwinds? I mean, markets that I look at there are markets where maybe you have that second or third frequency that leaves later in the night. Maybe its a better frequency because it connects with a better bank structure or what but it just seems like with those type of returns or those type of yield declines that you would want to take maybe a bigger cut to supply.
Larry Kellner: Mike, this is Larry; theres two pieces to that though. One, to the extent the network is profitable you have got to be careful especially as you look at the summertime clearly going into the fall. Thats why in September and October you see us taking some flights out. If you take them out on a somewhat surgical basis during the summer while that might make your other flights look better the costs you save on those flights are going to be primarily fuel. Youve still got the aircraft. Youve still got most of the fixed costs involved and so youve really got to be thoughtful as you look at it over the summertime, which is usually a very strong period if you look at travel. So, again, we are doing this international versus domestic. What you want to do is stop doing things that are losing money and try to do more of the things that are making money realizing that in the network business theres a relationship between both of them so some of the domestic flying is necessary to feed the international flying.
Mike Linenberg: Thats helpful, thats good. Lastly, when we think about the alliances I think, Larry, you may have characterized the benefits from Star being materially greater than what you were getting out of Sky Team. I think if I go back and think when originally there was the agreement between you and Northwest and ultimately Delta was added into the fold back a decade ago it was a couple hundred million ofmaybe it was $200 million to $300 million of annual revenue benefit kind of in year three or four. Then theres obviously some contribution element that is some fraction of that but the fact is it was a profitable venture. Of course, I dont know, maybe over the last couple years maybe there was some dilution as Delta/Northwest became a lot more closer and maybe you were pushed out of some potential opportunities. But, when I think about material relative to whats out there is it fair to kind of go back to some of those older numbers or were you getting a much smaller benefit currently versus what you were seeing five to ten years ago? Any color on this revenue upside would be great.
Larry Kellner: Mike, if you cut outI think if you look back I would say that Sky Team I wouldnt characterize; I would have put more in the $100 million to $200 million range at a higher number for the Sky Team element. I think the shift to Star, separate that from the domestic alliance with Delta and Northwest; I think the shift to Star is probably worth another $100 million a year to us versus what we would have seen at Sky Team simply because in New York and in Latin America weve built a gap in the Star network where in Sky Team we had actually overlapping coverage in New York and Latin America. Thats why we ultimately made the decision to leave Sky Team and to move to Star.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Mastoris from Broadpoint Capital; please go ahead.
Bill Mastoris: As kind of a follow-up to one of the earlier questions; with Trans-Atlantic yields down 35% and first quarter Trans-Atlantic RASMs down 19.3%. Im just wondering, Larry, you mentioned that your international network was profitable but it seems as though theres been further kind of a sequential quarter over quarter degradation in fares. Would you be so bold as to say, hey, the second quarter you may be profitable even with the 35% decline in year over year yields? And maybe you could kind of differentiate a little bit your international network versus that of lets say some of your peers because certainly you distinguished yourself during the first quarter but the second quarter seems like its really hemorrhaging.
Larry Kellner: Let me clarify a couple of things Bill. One, we said average selling fare, not yield. We try to be careful about projecting yields and RASM because when weve done it in the past we have not been overly accurate and we want to keep our credibility in that. I would tell you that if you looked at the average selling fare where its at today I would currently expect the yield to perform about ten points better than that. So, if you were looking to make sure we dont create too much confusion I think the yield would be down more in the 25% range based on what we see as the average selling fare but I will caveat both because I want to keep our credibility and keep the lawyers happy. There is huge volatility around those numbers both ways based on what you see close in and what activity you see. But I wouldnt want you to translate the 35% from an average selling fare to a yield number because I dont think thats an accurate way to look at it. Two, if you looked at it versus March I would expect that the yield decline well see in the Trans-Atlantic; we saw about a 20% yield decline in March in the Trans-Atlantic so were not seeing a dramatic drop off on what I would expect for yields. Five points is still big but compared to the fact that we were flattish in December and down 20% in March we see that somewhat stabilizing where were at. But the best indicator we have we can talk about, the average selling fare, but I want to make sure we dont create confusion as we talk about that. We would expect the yield to do better than that but it does depend on mix and it can move around a lot. Its easiest if we talk about what were seeing today but clearly theres a lot of selling pressure as we look out there and we in general have been careful not to predict RASM much less profitability so I think well maintain that consistency.
Bill Mastoris: Would you care to commit to second quarter maybe profitable on the international side? I think that would kind of buck the trend from what weve seen so far.
Larry Kellner: Again, were not going to get intoI dont want to project RASM or profitability, especially not this early in the quarter. We just find that hard to do because so muchIf you look at June we probably on a system basis only got, Jim, 30% of June sold right now, 30% to 35% of June sold right now, a little more in the international arena than the domestic arena. But theres an awful lot of tickets to sell between then and now and clearly while I wouldnt be ready to call a bottom we have seenthe trend is not dropping as fast from what we can see and we see some stabilization. Its still going down a little but it was going down a lot in our forecasts. So, this turned pretty quickly to go down; it could also turn pretty quickly to go back up and so much of our business is dependent on what we sell in the last four, five or six weeks.
Bill Mastoris: Then switching slightly; you made an earlier comment talking about some freed up collateral. Im assuming those would come from the aircraft notes, which run off from select EETCs. Im just wondering and this is probably a question for Gerry; Gerry, have you been able to refinance those notes ahead of time?
Gerry Laderman: Weve done a couple of aircraft, which I think we talked about in the last month or two. But the rest of the aircraft, which really the bulk of them free up in the back half of this year, are taking a back seat to the financing of the new aircraft that are coming in the back half of the year.
DeAnne Gabel: John, we have time for one more question from the analysts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS; please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey: LiveTV, the installation and such you kind of outlined; thats going to go intoYoure charging for it; its going to go into Other Revenue. What about the cost of it? Its probably not material this year; how should I be thinking about that?
Larry Kellner: Our deal with LiveTV wont have a very large cost component that hits our financials ever. Weve got some minor capital expenses that were responsible for as we put it in but the way that weve structured that deal you will not see anything but some revenue primarily to our side to offset some of our fuel expense.
Kevin Crissey: And that will be immaterial for kind of the next three or four quarters or so?
Larry Kellner: It ramps up pretty quickly. Mark, do you want to talk quickly, Mark Moran, about just the installation schedule?
Mark Moran: Are you talking immaterial in terms of the?
Larry Kellner: Revenue.
Mark Moran: The capital cost of installation?
Kevin Crissey: I was talking about the other revenue generation.
Mark Moran: That is clearly immaterial.
Larry Kellner: If you are talking about the revenue long-term obviously wed like to get somebody off the revenue side but it will be an installation schedule for the next few quarters.
Zane Rowe: And the current plan is this summer to start gearing up to about 15 installations per month and to have approximately 90 aircraft done by the end of the year.
Kevin Crissey: On the distribution front do you see opportunities? American and Delta have mentioned some I would call them longer-term optimistic goals of actually charging for distribution of their content to the OTAs. Do you see opportunities for distribution, maybe not of the magnitude or maybe of the magnitude that we saw back in 2001?
Larry Kellner: I think these are difficult economic times and Im always reminded of the powerful benefit of our travel partners as we work through this. Whether you talk to our corporate customers who from a travel management side finds a lot of value in that service to people who want to shop for fares we are very focused on letting people buy the way they want to buy and making sure were good partners and that our content is available to people when they look for our fares.
Kevin Crissey: What percentage of your tickets or revenue goes through an OTA?
Jim Compton: This is Jim; online its about 13% of our revenue.
DeAnne Gabel: With that, were read to begin the media. Ill turn that over to Nene.
Nene Foxhall: Thanks DeAnne; John, if you could briefly review the process for asking questions well begin the media session.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. We have a question from Doug Hammer from Dow Jones; please go ahead.
Doug Hammer: Given that everybodys waiting for  flight carriers to cut capacity to the pressure in international routes, given youre in the sort of unique position of being in one and a half alliances I wonder what sort of visibility you have going forward of international competitors cutting capacity?
Larry Kellner: We usually learn from you guys, Doug, about what our international competitors are doing and Id say the good question is are we in half an alliance or one and a half at the moment? Were working on both but we have no insight. Our show cause order is merely a tentative decision so we dont even have immunity with anybody other than COPA but our visibility and understanding its almost always based on what we see in the press.
Jeff Smisek: We read about all the capacity reductions in the Financial Times.
Doug Hammer: I have one small follow-up that does kind of relate to London. Youre starting a Cleveland service to Heathrow. Im curious if youve ever disclosed or you might say it now where you got the slots for that? In previous filings youve mentioned where you got the slots for the New York and Houston services but Ive never seen where you were getting Cleveland from.
Larry Kellner: Ill just say as we grow we were able to find somebody who had a slot for the summer that they werent going to use. It was at the right time while we dont have that slot long-term so I think Ill just leave it at the fact that we found one for this summer and well look for one for next summer as we go forward. Clearly, we were helped a little bit by the overall softness and found it a little easier to find a short-term slot but thats a short-term deal, not a long-term deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Jane Credeur from Bloomberg News; please go ahead.
Mary Jane Credeur: Hi gentlemen, this is Mary Jane over at Bloomberg; I wanted to make sure I heard you correctly earlier, that conversation about yields, some of them being down as much as 25%. Can you explain that one more time real quick? I know that that doesnt translate necessarily and its very volatile; did I hear that correctly?
Larry Kellner: Yes. We talked about average selling fare, which was different than yield. We said yield, we thought, looked down around 25% if you looked at the current data we had. That would be our thoughts as we looked at kind of here in the second quarter. In March, yields in the Atlantic were down about 20% so its a drop from where we were in March though if you look back as recently as December we were about flat in yield so, weve seen a fairly steep decline. While down 25% is a tough number that also is compared year over year so last year with the fuel pressure you had a lot of pressure to raise fares as you were going into the summer. So, well work to figure out a way going forward to take some of the noise out of that and make the comparison as accurate as we can. But yes, wed expect yield to be down around 25% year over year in the Trans-Atlantic for the second quarter.
Mary Jane Credeur: So granted theres a lot of noise in that; its hard to tell exactly what a good apples to apples will be at this point?
Larry Kellner: Its fair to say that yes, its hard because of last years increasing fuel prices and some fuel surcharges, which were all included in yield. It makes it more difficult although well work to do that. Two, while we can talk with great accuracy about the past I would tell you an awful lot of the second quarter is still to be sold and we tend to getthat number could be pretty volatile from here on out. We hesitate to predict RASM going forward, which is the mix of yield and load factor; simply because how much it can change over the last couple of weeks. So, Id also put a wide band around that projection but thats what were seeing today.
Mary Jane Credeur: How much of that is front versus back of the cabin?
Larry Kellner: I tell you the front cabin is weak but as we look just as you try to sort down the data to that we use some averages. Looking at average selling through I dont want to try to break it between the two.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Koenig from the Associated Press; please go ahead.
David Koenig: I also want to go back and make sure I heard something correctly. I think it was Larry Kellner; did you say you sold 30% to 35% of June and is that system-wide and if so how does that compare with a year ago at this time?
Larry Kellner: Typically if you look at this time if you look to June we would have sold about 30% to 35% of June at this point in the schedule and our bookings arewe talk in our Investor Update about our bookings but in general I would say that I wouldnt view that as a major difference from last year.
Jeff Smisek: Basically the shape of the booking curve; at this point in time, sitting here late April you would expect to have sold roughly 30% to 35% of June.
David Koenig: So that suggests that your capacity cuts have not matched what the demand is out there. Do you have any feeling for the summer season as a whole?
Jeff Smisek: I would tell you that clearly it appears fares will be down from last year both because I think fares were up last year and I think the question on capacity cuts, to go back, would be that what you see is fares are going to adjust to what the demand level is. So, as you add more demand thats good. Obviously if you have less demand the way you keep the capacity youve got flying at a reasonable level is to have a fare sale or to cut fares. I think youve seen a lot of that and seen a lot of summer sales as we go forward here and so clearly, I think its going to be cheaper to fly this summer than it was last summer.
Jim Compton: In our guidance we talk about a mainline load factor of 82% to 83% so to Jeffs comments about bookings thats relatively the same load factor as last year.
Jeff Smisek: Dont mistake the tickets weve sold now for June with what the ultimate load factor will be in June. We expect year over year loads over the summer to be similar to what they were last year.
Operator: We have David Jonas from ProMedia Travel; please go ahead.
David Jonas: I wanted to talk about your competitors in recent days have shared their perspectives on how quickly business travel volumes have or can rebuild once recovery from recessions or other shocks to the system start to become apparent. What is your sense of that based on the corporate client roster that you guys have?
Larry Kellner: I think you can see it turn pretty quickly. I think that clearly as Jeff talked about in his remarks what weve seen in past downturns is that companies that were leaders also got back to traveling more quickly. I think theres a natural tendency when people are looking at very tough times to say, Well, we could eliminate this job or that job or we could really cut back travel and then as they get into the situation they find a relationship here and a relationship there kind of withering away so they up that travel back and I think it can return. When people see activity going and you see the industrial engine starting to crank back up where people are needing to make things and do things as they work through their inventories that will also have a fairly quick turn on travel. We saw it turn down fairly quickly. Its unclear to me. Things seem to feel better today than they did 45 days ago but Im not sure if thats simply because the pace of the decline is slowing or because things are actually stabilizing. I think that if you look back in any recession its a lot more obvious looking back several months later kind of where the turn was than trying to see it in the middle of it. I feel confident that demand can come back on the business side fairly quickly because the business travel, while it can occasionally sound glamorous isnt that glamorous and so people in businesses travel because they need to and thats how businesses work. I think that will come back as you see the economy to come back.
David Jonas: Would you expect business travel volumes therefore to build first before, perhaps, a loosening of some of the premium cabin policies?
Larry Kellner: We have seen already people being very careful about premium cabin traffic versus coach traffic. So yes, I will expect that as people come back you will still see an awful lot of discipline on how they travel. But candidly, most of our big corporate customers have been disciplined for years and so theres a perception that wed loosen up or tighten up. But if youre going back and forth between the US and Europe 25 times a year its difficult for a company to have a policy that says you ought to do that in coach and youve got to work when you get there and so theres a tradeoff in what you see. I think our corporate clients I have to say I meet with them on a regular basis are all very focused on running efficient businesses and have been for years and so even in the up cycle they were always very focused on cost and having a fairly tight travel policy. I think at the end of the day people did what they needed to, to make their businesses successful and to go back to that in the short-term its an easy expense to cut.
Nene Foxhall: Larry, Jeff, Zane, DeAnne thanks very much for your participation, in fact to all of you on the call for joining us. Please call Corporate Communications if you have any further questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter, thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen; this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating; you may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Nene Foxhall - Senior Vice President  Global Communications and Public Affairs DeAnne Gabel  Director of Investor Relations Lawrence W. Kellner  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Jeffery A. Smisek  President, Chief Operating Officer Zane Rowe  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Jim Compton  Executive Vice President of Marketing Mark Moran  Executive Vice President of Operations Jerry Laderman  Senior Vice President Finance & Treasurer
Analysts:  William Greene - Morgan Stanley Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus Raymond Neidl  [Plains] Securities Inc. Mike Linenberg  Bank of America Kevin Crissey  UBS Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News David Koenig - Associated Press
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Continental Airlines Q4 and full-year 2008 financial results conference call. [Operator instructions] I will now turn the call over to Nene Foxhall, Senior Vice President of Global Communications and Public Affairs, and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First, Miss Foxhall. Maam, you may begin.
Nene Foxhall:  Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Joining us here in Houston are Continental Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Kellner; President and Chief Operating Officer Jeff Smisek; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Zane Rowe; Executive Vice President of Marketing, Jim Compton; Executive Vice President of Operations Mark Moran, and Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer Jerry Laderman, to discuss Continentals Q4 and full-year 2008 financial results. First, Larry will make some overview comments, after which Jeff Smisek will review our capacity and revenue results. Zane Rowe will follow with the discussion of Continentals cost-structure and balance sheets. At that point, we will open the call for questions. We have planned about 20 minutes for the executive comments and then 25 for analyst questions. At the conclusion of the analyst questions, well begin a 15-minute question and answer session for the media. We would appreciate it if each of you would limit your questions to one, with one follow-up. With that, Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Thank you Nene. Earlier today, we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operation outlook for the Q4 and full-year 2009 and other information. This investor update was included in a filing with the SEC and can be found on our website under the investor relations section.  Please note that today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures, such as net loss excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures to be discussed can be located on Continental's website, at contintental.com under the Investor Relations section. Our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical fact, but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements, involvements and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2007 10-K and its other security filings. With that, heres Larry.
Lawrence W. Kellner :  Thank you, Nene and DeAnne. Again, good morning and thanks for joining us. I want to start by thanking my coworkers who did a great job operating under some very tough conditions this past quarter. I specifically want to thank the crew of flight 1404 that went off the runway in Denver on December 20th. Were grateful for the quick actions to safely evacuate all the customers on board with no life-threatening injuries. Our top priority is to continue to work closely with passengers and crew members who need assistance. In addition, were cooperating with the National Transportation Safety Board in their investigation to determine the probable cause of the accident.  Looking back at 2008, the environment was very challenging throughout the year. Crude oil prices were extremely [bubable], peaking as high as $147 per barrel in July, and then dropping to a low of $32 per barrel in December. Add in the revenue environment deteriorating as the economy weakened, and you have an operating backdrop that rivaled any weve seen in our industry for many years.  However, this backdrop also provided a stimulus for change in our industry. The major network carriers kept their domestic capacity to deal with high-yield prices, which put the industry in a much better position to cope with an economic downturn.  We now turn to our 2008 financial results. With the full-year 2008, we reported a net loss of $351 million, or diluted loss per share of $3.32, excluding $234 million of previously announced special items. Including special items, Continental reported a net loss of $585 million, or loss of $5.54 per diluted share. For Q4, Continental reported a net loss of $96 million, or a loss of $0.84 per diluted share, excluding $187 million of previously announced special items. Including those special items, we reported a net loss of $266 million, or a loss of $2.33 per diluted share for the quarter. Jeff and Zane will talk about our revenue and costs in more detail; however, I want to comment on fuel hedging as there continues to be a lot of discussion and questions about it. Over the last year, weve been widely viewed as either not having enough fuel hedges, or having too many. We dont use hedging to make bets on the price of oil. Instead, we use it to help us remove some of the volatility from our business. We view this cost much like we would view an insurance policy. In addition, our fuel efficiency continues to be our best hedge against future fuel price volatility.  Looking to next year, as Jeff will share in more detail, the revenue outlook is not encouraging. However, were benefitting from lower fuel prices, and together with the improvements to our cost structure weve already made, and plan to continue to make, we remain competitively well positioned.  This year, in addition to efficiently managing the business and our cash, and appropriately responding to changes in the operating environment, we will be focused on successfully transitioning from the Sky Team Alliance to the Star Alliance. In June 2008, we announced plans for extensive cooperation with United Airlines and Star Alliance, linking our networks and services worldwide to deliver new benefits to our customers.  We want to make our transition from Sky Team to the Star Alliance as customer-friendly as possible, for both our customers and those of the Sky Team Alliance. Well be working hard with our partners at Sky Team and our future partners at Star to make that happen. Continental intends to end this participation with the Sky Team Alliance after the last scheduled flight on September 24th of this year, 2009.  We continue to work through the details of our planned exit from Sky Team, and entering the Star Alliance, but anticipate that our participation with Star Alliance will begin promptly after we leave Sky Team. Were committed to making this transition as smooth as possible for our customers and for our airline partners at both Sky Team and Star Alliance. We will keep you updated as we move forward. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff and Zane, to discuss the quarters operational revenue and cost performance details.
Jeffery A. Smisek : Thank you Larry. I want to join Larry in thanking my coworkers for their dedication and commitment to running a good operation under difficult conditions. During Q4, our employees earned incentive payments for on-time performance in the months of October and November. Unfortunately, December was another matter. It was a tough month from an operations viewpoint. Not only were we hit with an unusual number of severe storms across the country, we also had to deal with a rare snowstorm in Houston; the severity and duration of which exceeded our planning forecasts. It was the earliest recorded snowfall in Houston since WWII.  The weather caused extensive mainline and regional flight cancellations and delays, including numerous lengthy delays on the tarmac in Houston. Our team worked hard to deal with the unexpected storm, but we did not perform to our normal high standard of operational excellence. We apologize for the inconvenience our customers suffered. We have revived operational procedures, and are improving our de-icing capabilities in Houston to prevent this from recurring.  Finally, we are implementing a new internal policy for 2009, whereby we will give customers the opportunity to get off an airplane during tarmac delays in excess of 3 hours; subject, of course, to making sure we can do that safely.  Unfortunately, difficult weather wasnt the only challenge we faced during the quarter. Beginning in October, we began to see a negative revenue impact from a weakening economic backdrop. Despite this in Q4, we achieved RASM gains in all our mainline entities. Mainline RASM for Q4 was up 5.9%, driven by yield increases as load factors were just slightly down year-over-year. Regional yield was also up slightly, but those factors were down 2.6 points resulting in regional RASM decrease of 2%.  Turning to the first quarter outlook. In general, our close-end bookings inside of 14 days have been softer, as we see a continuing degradation of business bookings. Just a reminder, in Q1 well see an adverse impact in the shift of the Easter holidays to April this year versus March of last year.  In addition to weakness in business yield and bookings impacting our mainline domestic operations, we started seeing some weakness in leisure yields as well. During peak periods, leisure yields are holding up relatively well, but were seeing negative pressure on leisure yields and traffic in the non-peak period. This is driving deeper industry sale fare discounts in particular markets, as well as sale fares with travel bases extended through May, instead of March like wed typically see at this time of year.  Internationally, were seeing a significant degradation of front cabin RASM, with a combination of lower front cabin yields, and load factor. Our transatlantic operation is suffering the most from this phenomenon. The back cabin is holding up much better, as many international business travelers appear to have shifted their flying from the front to the back. That said, the relevant strength in the back isnt overcoming the weakness in the front.  This is a time when were grateful for our relatively lower percentage of business first seats, versus coach seats, compared to our competitors. Or put another way, were really grateful to be flying so many 757-200s to Europe.  We expect that our load factors will be down year-over-year in all international regions during the first quarter. Again, with our transatlantic operations hit hardest, as we expect load factor there to be down about 6 points year-over-year. We continue to tweak our domestic and international capacity to match the operating environment, and have pulled down, or will be pulling down additional capacity in several markets to reduce frequencies, equipments downgrades, day of week reductions, seasonal reductions, or in some cases, market exits.  Fuel surcharges are also dropping considerably from their peak in September last year. That said, fuel is materially cheaper for us now, as well. Our long-haul international flights benefit disproportionately from lower fuel costs, as fuel constitutes a relatively higher proportion of the overall trip cost from those flights.  As dismaying as the revenue outlook appears, the cost side of the equation certainly looks a lot better with crude oil about $100 a barrel lower than it was for much of last year. While we would prefer a healthier economic backdrop and stronger international front cabin yields and traffic, as I said earlier, we do have a much smaller percentage of our international seats allocated to the front cabin than our network peers. This should benefit us on a relative performance basis. Looking at our 6-week advanced bookings, consolidated domestic booked seat factor for the next six weeks is running one to two points ahead of last year, as were being more open with our domestic inventory than we were at this time last year.  Mainland bookings are running one to two points behind last year; transatlantic bookings are running 6 to 7 points behind last year, and Pacific bookings are running 2 to 3 points behind last year. For the full first quarter, we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to be down approximately 3.5 points year-over-year.  As well be reporting our January traffic in just a couple of days, I want to give you a preview of what to expect. We anticipate consolidated RASM will be down 4.5% to 6.5%, and we expect mainline RASM will be down 3% to 5%. We will fine tune these ranges next Monday in our traffic release.  For Q1 we expect mainline capacity to be down 7.4% compared to Q1 2008. With mainline domestic capacity down 12.1%, and mainline international capacity down 2.8%, we expect regional capacity will be down 2.6%. For the full year 2009, we expect our mainline capacity will be down 3.5 to 4.5% year-over-year, with our mainline domestic capacity down 6 to 7%, and our mainline international capacity down from 1 to 2%.  This includes the effect of our new non-stop service to Shanghai from New York that starts in late March. Whilst its only one route, once a day, given the length of the flight, it will add about 2% of system ASMs on a run rate basis.  I want to close by saying that well remain responsive to changes in the demand environment. There continues to be a tremendous uncertainty surrounding the economic environment, and how our industry will be affected. We are blessed to be in an industry where, as demand has fallen, our single largest expense item  fuel  has fallen materially as well.  That said, times are tough. As Larry mentioned last quarter, we dont want to overreact by going guard-rail to guard-rail. But we also wont shy away from making additional difficult decisions if thats whats necessary to achieve sustained profitability. We remain committed to achieving sustained profitability as we intend to take whatever action is necessary to deliver that for our shareholders and our co-workers.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Zane Rowe. 
Zane Rowe:  Thanks, Jeff, and again thank all of you for joining us this morning. I join Larry and Jeff in voicing appreciation to the entire Continental team. 2008 certainly seemed to have more than its fair share of challenges, but everyone stayed focused on running the business ambitiously and delivering excellent service to our customers. Throughout the year, we continued our company-wide efforts to control costs. For the full year 2008, our mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was down 1.5% year-over-year. In Q4, with our mainline capacity down 8%, CASM was up 3% year-over-year, holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items. While overall, we are pleased with our performance in Q4, we recognize that with capacity coming out, theres going to be continued pressure on unit costs. Historically, weve done a good job at controlling costs, and our emphasis in this area will continue.  Excluding special items for Q1 2009, we expect both our consolidated CASM and mainline CASM to be down 6.5% to 7% year-over-year. For the full year 2009, we expect both our consolidated CASM and mainline CASM to be down 10% to 11% year-over-year.  Excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect Q1 consolidated CASM to be up 2.5% to 3% year-over-year, with the mainline number up 3% to 3.5% year-over-year. For the full year, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both our consolidated and mainline CASM to be up 2% to 3% year-over-year.  We expect to see some cost pressure on various line items, but the biggest driver from the unit cost respective will be wages, salaries and benefits. This is primarily driven by higher pension expense, which will be about $150 million higher than it was last year, excluding special settlement charges.  The pension expense increase is mostly due to the decline in asset performance. On a cash basis, we expect to contribute approximately $125 million this year to our pension plan; $50 million of which we contributed earlier this month. Further details regarding Q1 and full year 2009 guidance can be found in our investor update, published this morning, which is posted on our website. Turning to fuel, its a welcome relief to be discussing lower fuel prices for a change. Based on the forward curve as of the beginning of this week, and included in our current hedge position, we estimate our fuel expense for 2009 will be about $2 billion lower year-over-year. To put that in perspective, thats equivalent to about 15% of our 2008 passenger revenue.  Based on our current hedge position, we estimate our Q1 fuel price, including taxes, will be about $1.99 per gallon. This includes a negative impact of $0.33 per gallon, driven by our Q1 hedge position. For the full year, we estimate fuel price including taxes will be $2.13 per gallon. This includes a negative impact of $0.25 per gallon, driven by our current hedge position. Regarding our fleet. This year we plan to take delivery of 13 new Boeing 737-900ER aircraft, one of which was delivered earlier this month. Next year, we plan to take delivery of two new Boeing 777 aircraft, and 11 new Boeing 737 aircraft.  Last quarter we mentioned we were in negotiations to lease 4 additional 757-300 aircraft. We have agreed to take these aircraft at attractive lease rates. We currently expect to place these in service in the first half of 2010. The 757-300 is an excellent aircraft for high-density, low-yield markets, as its one of our lowest CASM aircraft.  Briefly turning to the balance sheet. We ended 2008 with $2.6 billion of undistributed cash in short-term investments, and expect to end Q1 with approximately $2.6 billion as well. As of January 26, we had $187 million of cash collateral posted with our fuel hedge counterparty.  Were currently working on the financing for this years new aircraft. As previously disclosed, 3 of the 13 aircraft will be financed by the WTC transaction we closed almost two years ago. Whilst we have backstop financing available for the remaining 10 aircraft, there appears to be some money available in the debt market to finance new aircraft.  Jerry and his team have been traveling the globe searching for alternative financing opportunities. Credit spreads will clearly be higher than weve seen in the last few years, although the impact is somewhat mitigated by the low interest rate environment. Like every other industry right now, we have a close eye on capital expenditures [inaudible] the business, and in projects that offer a good return. Our current estimate for cash capital expenditures this year will be about $400 million. Thats fairly evenly between fleet and non-fleet. If you include net purchase deposits paid, [rotable] parts and capitalized interests, the total is about $530 million.  We do have discretion regarding the timing of several of our capital projects planned for 2009. Should economic conditions warrant, we will scale back our capital expenditures, and can do that without materially impacting our operation. In conclusion, while we see significant benefits in the year-over-year reduction of oil prices, the macroeconomic slowdown is clearly putting pressure on revenue. As we make appropriate adjustments to our schedule to match demand, we will continue to aggressively pursue efficiencies in the business and manage our costs appropriately. While we expect 2009 to be a challenging year, we believe our industry leading product, our revenue premium, and cost control will help us achieve our goal of sustained profitability. With that, Ill turn the call back to Larry.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Thank you, Jeff and Zane. There are many challenges ahead in 2009. There will also be opportunities for us to distinguish ourselves from our competitors. We will continue to make appropriate changes to our network in light of the changing demand environment, keeping in mind that were in business for the long haul. With the decline in premium yielding business first traffic on our international market, meaning reduced contributions to the system as a whole, these markets remain good businesses and we do receive a significant benefit from lower fuel costs on our longer haul international routes. While we continue to lose money in our domestic operation, there is a certain tension between our domestic results and the need to keep a proper balance between the scope and scale of our domestic and international operations. We need a properly sized domestic network to provide necessary fee and schedule utility and have sufficient market presence to make sure that our regular domestic customers choose Continental when they decide to take an international trip as well. That said, well continue to examine our options and remain committed to achieving sustained profitability. Were excited about the opportunities joining Star Alliance presents us. Were focused on making the transition go smoothly and have confidence as our team as we successfully accomplish the task.  Whatever challenges lie ahead, were going to stay focused on the basics of our business, providing clean, safe, and reliable air transportation. Weve got the best team in the business and well work together to succeed in this tough operating environment.  I want to close by again thanking my coworkers. They make it happen every day. With that, Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel : Thank you, Larry. With that, well begin the question and answer session for the analysts, followed by the question and answer session for the media. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from William Greene from Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Larry, I have a question for you on your ASM target growth rates. In the past youve said you target 5% to 7% and you're saying that the international now is slowing, and so youre running a little bit lower than that given whats going on in the economy and that makes sense. How fast could you ramp that up if you saw a turn and if international really started to slow in a big way, how fast could you pull more out of international? Whats the lead time or I guess the lag time to when you decide and when you can get that in?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Let me break that into a couple of pieces. First, we continue to have a long term goal that we should be growing 5% to 7 % a year. Were the fourth largest carrier in whats very much a network business and so its important that we stay competitive. Having said that, between the delays in the 787 and the economy, it makes sense to put that on hold for not just this year but probably a couple of years.  We need to get the balance lag bodies up on a long term basis. We continue to believe in the international markets over the long term, and so we keep that goal for the long term, but I wouldnt expect to see growth of any substantial amount over the next couple of years based on what we see in the economy or the marketplace and we need to get the 787 to really help us move that plan forward. Clearly wed expected to take our first 787 next month and so between the delay of those and the economy, that pushes our plan back.  As you look at the other side of your question, which is if things got worse, how fast can we pull stuff out of the international markets, they are clearly more difficult because a lot of the markets you only fly once a day. But well continue to look at the markets we fly multiple times, well also continue to look at day of week. It doesnt make much sense to take something out without at least a couple of months notice because youve started to sell it to a point where its very difficult to recon it, so theres clearly a two to three month minimum reaction time to kind of put significant changes in place. If you watched last summer, we announced some stuff in June that we didnt put in until September, and from a booking standpoint, international tends to book a little bit ahead of domestic, especially in some of the back cabin stuff. So you probably have a little longer lead time than you do in domestic, so its not a year but its probably a 3 or 4 months on the international front, but again its tough because theres not... Our international business is still pretty solid, its just less profitable than it used to be, and so well be very careful at how we look at our adjustments there.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: So if we looked at sort of seat count in domestic versus international, would it show a different picture in capacity because of the stage length for international? 
Lawrence W. Kellner : Clearly weve got a lot more seats in domestic than we do in international which is much longer haul but we tend to look at the business more on a balanced ASM perspective which were close to 50-50 at the moment. But our seats are much more domestic than they are international, especially when you add in the regional flying as well. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: What I more meant was the year-over-year change in seat count. Because youre cutting a lot of domestic, but not that much international, but I think its safe to assume that international is probably going to slow a lot from here, so maybe its that the ASM change is sort of skewing that capacity cut. 
Lawrence W. Kellner : Thats correct. The ASMs will clearly make it look more international from a seat then it is as you look at the number of seats coming out of those markets because they are longer haul flights, but again, I think well continue to watch as we go forward. What I can tell you is this is at least since 9/11 the most volatile market weve seen and the most difficult to predict in, and so Im going to be cautious about predicting too far forward. Theres a lot of both physical policy and stimulus going on and I think we have not seen the impact of that hit the economy and when you look at scale, when it hits the economy, it could be significant, and so it makes it difficult to see very far out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from Stifel Nicolaus.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: Given the continuing fall in energy prices, what kind of demand degradation have you guys seen from your corporate energy customers out of Houston?
Jim Compton: We spend a lot of time, the sales force has constantly worked with all of our corporations and so forth, and I think I wouldnt have an absolute number, so kind of the feedback were getting from our travel partners and their managers is a little... its somewhat across the board in the sense that quite frankly that some are not flying in terms of policy, some are having to have people sign off, others are saying its essential travel and so forth. I think across all sectors we see a little bit of all of that so I would add that even into some of the... typically the oil companies that you mentioned specifically. But across the board, if you weigh it all in, theres this certain kind of wait and see that both Larry and Jeff talked about kind of in the economy has been watching real time whats happening in the economy, so its really across the board and some are traveling, some you need to get permission to travel, and some are actually holding travel back. 
Lawrence W. Kellner : I would just add to that that the volatility I think for us is a huge problem, as I talked to the oil companies, its a huge problem. If they thought they had a stable price going forward, even while $40 seems low in comparison to last summers $147, five years ago I think if youd have told the oil companies you had it at $40 a barrel, they would have viewed that very positively. So I think part of the challenge for everybody, us and the oil companies, is the volatility. Is it going back to $100 or $150 or is it going back down to $20? And while that makes planning tough for us, it also makes planning tough for them and I think that again adds to some of the uncertainty about future travel.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: Quickly on Houston, it looks like you had a slight uptick there in your 4Q load factor. Any color there may be on how much that may have been, any incremental growth in say O&D traffic or is that maybe more just sort of re-routing through the hub? Is there any kind of local tailwind youre getting out of that particular market on an O&D basis?
Jim Compton: I think specifically other than obviously with our adjustment in capacity and so forth, I dont point to anything specific.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: I guess Larry, this might be one for you, you have talked in prior calls about keeping sort of your internal focus on I think your top three internal priorities. If you dont mind sharing, can you maybe share those with us and maybe what they are right now in order and how thats changed over the past say three and six months?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Id be glad to share those today. Sometimes well be cautious but clearly were focused on revenue across the system and right now were focused on cash and were focused on the transition to start. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ray Neidl from [Plains] Securities.
Raymond Neidl  [Plains] Securities Inc.: Larry, just to go into the economy again a little bit more, Continental as you said has a smaller system, has a balanced domestic and international, Im just wondering, how much flexibility do you have if the economy does deteriorate further of cutting your capacity. Youre getting less bang for your buck probably as you shrink and it could compromise your system. Im just wondering if something like what Uniteds doing with their Lingus for some of the smaller routes overseas now that the European open skies market is there that you could get a partner to fly some of those routes.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Ray, thanks for the question. One, we dont have any intentions of having a partner fly some stuff for us. I think when you look at our consistency and what we do from the product side, its very important to us and weve seen, if you look back over the last 10 years, pretty significant growth during that period. That is partially because of our relative site and we need that growth and while we continue to plan for it long term, but we planned for it to be our flying.  Weve got 25 787s on firm order and so I think if you look at our long term plans, clearly were focused on doing that ourselves. In the short term, while it will be extremely painful... last year was very painful, to take the capacity out we did, and that will appear easy compared to what we have to do this year, if we have to take more capacity out. Let me tell you, we are committed to doing what we need to do to be a successful business and have long term sustained profitability.  We will make the tough decisions where we need to make the tough decisions and were keeping a close eye on the economy. Were clearly hopeful things get better, but I can tell you were pushing hard both on the whats the right capacity decisions and how do we manage our costs while not doing that at the expense of our customers. So clearly we want to make sure that we keep our service levels up but were trying to be as efficient as we can be and we see slightly lower load factors, especially on some days were trying very hard to make sure were adequately managing our costs on those days, to get the best possible result.  And most importantly, I think weve got the right team here. Ive got just a great group of coworkers and a great group of colleagues here on the management team as well, and I think the group together will collectively make the best decisions.
Raymond Neidl  [Plains] Securities Inc.: Okay, and tied in with that, I think you just signed a new seven year agreement with the Express Jet for your regional feed. Express Jet, theres some questions about their long term viability. Im just wondering, what is your back up plans with that, how important is the regional feed that theyre supplying to you?
Lawrence W. Kellner : The regional feed Express Jet supplies to us is very important. Clearly its part of what makes our network work as we look and we need that regional feed to be successful and Im very confident about Express Jets capabilities going long term and also about their position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg from BOA.
Mike Linenberg  Bank of America: I apologize if you provided this data but in addition to the mainline capacity, what does it look like domestic on a consolidated basis and then also what your system capacity change is on a consolidated basis for 09?
Jim Compton:  For the full year?
Mike Linenberg  Bank of America: Yes, for the full year.
Jim Compton: Earlier we had talked about for the full year mainline capacity being down 3.5% to 4% with mainline domestic down 6% to 7% and our mainline international down 1% to 2% so we didnt give any consolidated guidance. 
Mike Linenberg  Bank of America: Then my second question, and this is maybe to Zane or Larry, can you just talk about the [status intention] plan and when I talk about status, I believe your pilot plan is frozen, your flight attendants, I think they may be part of the IAMs national sponsored plan. I mean, can you talk about that, and then maybe about the fact that maybe the liability hump is behind you going forward since employees who come on new would automatically come into the DC plan, any color on that front would be helpful. 
Lawrence W. Kellner : A couple of things, one, just on a fact basis, we have two pension plans, one that covers our pilots which is frozen, and one that covers the rest of our workforce which we refer to as [CARP] and so CARP has the vast majority of our employees in it and the pilot plan has just the pilots. The flight attendants are in CARP, they are not in the IAM national plan. So they are in CARP as well. CARP is not frozen and so we continue to accrue benefits there.  The pilots have a separate B plan which is actually defined contribution plan rather than a defined benefit plan and so the pilots actually have two plans, both their frozen plan as well as the defined contribution plan. I can tell you were very committed to the pensions as we look going forward and I think evidence of that was our $50 million contribution earlier this month. We think its important.  Clearly, we were impacted by asset performance last year and the market continues to be a challenge but our employees do a great job for us and we think our retirement commitment is part of that so were very focused on maintaining that in a way that works for them and a way that works for us.
Mike Linenberg  Bank of America: Larry, but both the frozen plan and the perpetual plan, they are both... You are a beneficiary of the Pension Protection Act of 06. They both benefit that in more favorable terms, is that correct?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Theres two different bills. They werent covered in the same bill but both plans are beneficiary bills. Id also point out that were different than most of our competitors in that... I think we may be different than all but Im not sure if anybodys got any full lump sum... We have a full lump sum option which is very important to us and very important to my coworkers as well.  What that means is we are 100% funded on any retiree, so [inaudible] retiree whos taken a lump sum, we have a few who dont take it, but he vast majority of our people take a lump sum, so if you look at our pension plan balances, they are significantly below many of our competitors who dont have a lump sum because they have large asset balances for retirees as well.  Typically when someone retires here, the vast majority take a lump sum and so we fund that and that ends our obligation. So thats also a big distinction for us and as pilots retire, that plan will continue to decrease in size in the frozen plan because again, almost all the pilots take the lump sum when they retire.
Mike Linenberg  Bank of America: Okay, I dont want to get too technical here, but that would suggest that maybe its better to look at the ABO than the PBO?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think as in all pension accounting, its complicated. I think the best way to look at the balance we have and look at what our future obligations are going forward, I think under a number of different assumptions, knowing that we probably got less pension volatility than some of our competitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Good morning, I was wondering did you kind of give away your demands/RASM implied within your profit share or how profit share relates to your overall CASM ex fuel? Trying to get a sense for what youre thinking about. Does the current demand stay this level to get to your unit cost guidance or is there a deterioration? How youre viewing that.
Lawrence W. Kellner : We dont give any earnings guidance but when we do give CASM guidance, it includes all components of the cost structure, so it includes either what we believe is in or out of profit sharing is included in our CASM guide. 
Kevin Crissey  UBS: Right, I understand, that, Im just wondering whether... how you viewed... and then Im looking more directional and Im sure youre not going to say 4% RASM decline like say maybe Delta said, but something kind of directionally from here as to how we should think about it because one of the disadvantages of having your profit share within your guidance is that we cant model sensitivities very well, and so what I want to try to get a sense of is how youre viewing it, is the kind of run rate that youre looking at, I think January was pretty poor on the RASM front relative to even maybe some other competitors, and then I look at it and say, Well what is their expectation as we go forward that gets them to their CASM ex fuel guidance? Do you have a little bit of profits or a lot of profits, that kind of thing, I just want to understand if theres any color you can provide.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Probably not a lot of color. What Id say is that the one part I disagree with here, I think actually if you look at our January RASM performance relative to our competitors, we at the moment remain confident that it will look a lot like October, November, December where we did relatively well year-over-year versus the industry and we are in a very tough environment. We would fully acknowledge that and we gave where we think well be for January. It has been difficult for us to predict even a month out and so while well be as good as we can as far as where we are currently, were going to not move forward trying to project RASM.  We did a little bit of that in the fall and we were consistently wrong, so well learn from that and just report it as it occurs. Were pretty good and once the... We have great systems here, I want to compliment the technology team as well. We know what happened yesterday. Were not as good as whats going to happen tomorrow and so I think were going to keep our projections internal but be very good at reporting the external market, we put our load factor on the website daily. We report first business day on RASM for the prior month and today we even gave you some guidance on January, but were not going to get into trying to give guidance on future months based on how volatile things are.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Macadoo from Avondale Partners.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: I understand that there have been emails sent out to your frequent travelers in the New York area basically offering specials on front of the cabin to places like London and Paris and whatever and Im curious, is that something thats driven by what some competitors are doing or is that something just driven by a realization that people are starting to slide to the back cabin and youre trying to give them an incentive to come back to the front cabin?
Jim Compton: We obviously do part of our marketing program through targeted marketing where we see some opportunity that will benefit us and so as weve talked about it and I think Jeff mentioned, some of the corporate travel we have, that response we have seen, is a number of things, people planning early, taking advantage of advance purchase tickets, or for instance, as youre talking about, transatlantic moving to the back of the cabin from the front of the cabin. So those are ways to kind of from a direct point of view with a lot of fences around then to generate some leisure business first traffic that might otherwise not be traveling, so again, with fences around them to protect kind of the segmentation that we like to have in our business. 
Lawrence W. Kellner : I would just add, weve been for at least a couple of years in the summertime trying to do the same concept and so this was partially just an expansion of what weve always tried to do which is to maximize total revenue on the airplane while making sure that we dont discount the whole thing because then we get to the point where we dont have a business model that works and so were always trying to find a way to offer the leisure traveler a discount to encourage that travel at points. Clearly weve done that in the past in the summer months, July and August, where you see business first traffic be down. Were looking to try to broaden that where it makes sense for us and it makes sense for our customers.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: So its something that you guys are doing, its not a reflection of something that somebody else is throwing at you. Its your own conscious decision that says you think were better off.
Lawrence W. Kellner : That right. Weve done this, weve actually done this in the summer time consistently. We may structure it differently from time to time and certainly in an era of less front cabin demand, the structure here is going to be more attractive than we have n the past, but this is consistent with what weve done historically. This is always a competitive business so probably what our competitors are doing, were always paying attention to, but I think in general what you see is a softer market in the front cabin across the industry. Were not the only people who have commented on that, so theres no question in my mind that this is also something you see broadly competitively, not necessarily responding, but simply the fact that people are looking for ways to get the maximum revenue they can.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: Then one other quick thing, the 25 787s that you now have on the books, what is the current plan for deliveries, what are they telling you now? What are you planning on in terms of when 787s do actually get here?
Gerry Laderman: Right now we are looking at the first scheduled delivery in 2011 and then the remaining aircraft spread out beyond that.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think the one challenge we have is that they may also slow down a little bit at the pace at with which we get them initially over the first couple of years and so were clearly going to be two to three years behind our plan which was what I reflected earlier in my comments, and we wont come back to growing 5% to 7% until we can get those airplanes flying in here on a regular basis.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: Is it just kind of one in 2011 and everything else flows beyond because its late in 2011 or do you have any... 
Lawrence W. Kellner : We would hope to get three I think in 2011 at the current moment but theres a good bit of flux in that and so well continue to work with Boeing as they work on a schedule. I would say though Boeing has continued to be a great partner in keeping us informed and keeping us in the loop and so while were disappointed with the delay the communication from Boeing has been excellent and they know its a challenge for us and they continue to work with us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Wanted to follow up on a few things if I could. Jeff, since we are talking about something thats backward looking and you gave at least a pretty good preview of what the January RASM is expected to be, can you give us any flavor for how that breaks out between domestic and international, because I think as we hear from competitors certainly the domestic seems to be pointed at a January result that look a lot closer to December than w hat youre suggesting.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Clearly overall the system in terms of what were seeing in terms of year-over-year RASM is performing better than the international and thats because weve taken a huge amount of capacity out of the domestic system. That said, I just want to make sure that we all continue to focus. Our international business continues to be a very good business. Its just that it isnt as good a business as it was earlier and we are being benefited by the tremendous decline in fuel in our international markets.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Also on the front cabin comments that you made, I think as you noted last week, had talked about how this was something that had been going on for a while. I think they refer to the first quarter of 08 when it started. Is it relatively new for you or are you just trying to articulate getting incrementally worse? 
Jim Compton: I would say the second derivative is negative. Its significantly increasing in terms of the degradation of the demand and the yield in the front cabin.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Id add two things. One, I think that clearly 07 was a great year internationally and so I think there were some of us that said, Okay, that probably wont continue in 08 necessarily, especially as we saw the economy starting to soften so it didnt concern you as much. I think what concerns me is just youre moving back to one of kind of the key business periods and if you look, well I wouldnt tell you theres a direct correlation there if you look at the fall off [inaudible] it kind of reflects what you see in a lot of places that youre gist is weve gotten back into the core business period here in the second half of January. Were not seeing the demand wed like to see in business first internationally, especially on the transatlantic. Two, I think many, as you commented, I just come back on January in general, January is really in many ways two months. There is the first 10-12 days of January which was actually pretty good because it was really tied onto the holiday season which we were actually pleased with versus our expectations, or I was pleased with versus my expectations, kind of a couple weeks before and where the economy has been.  Within the trade offices youve gone back to what I consider the business period post the holidays we have not been encouraged by what weve seen and so I think as you look at commentary and thoughts on January, as the months progressed, we havent seen the kind of bump I would call say that we saw around the holidays that was a little better than what we expected, while you always get a bump on the holidays and clearly it flew fairly well. We have not seen that bump continue here in the later January and so you really have two months. That is more pronounced in the international markets because this is the period where you go back to looking for a good amount of international front cabin demand.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Just one clean up, the guidance change on capacity particularly for domestic mainline, should we be thinking that you were going to back fill that with the consolidated guidance or are those unrelated?
Lawrence W. Kellner : We havent got it to consolidated capacity. Its not transition from mainline to --
Jim Compton: Its not transition from mainline to regional, if anything, while were keeping our regional relatively flat, we are actually seeing a lot of difficulties in some of the smaller regional markets that continue to focus on that. The challenge is you want to keep a pattern that works for business travelers in those markets so its hard to go below two or three a day in many of those markets. But no, we continue to look on the regional side to say should we reduce, not increase, based on the market demand were seeing and its not a plan where were going to take mainline and rebuild it with regional. 
Lawrence W. Kellner : And recognize that a lot of the regional markets are really disproportionately business markets themselves.
Operator: That concludes our session for the analyst question and answer session. With that Ill open the call over to Nene. 
Nene Foxhall: Thanks, DeAnne. John, if you could briefly review the process for asking questions, well now begin the media session. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Keaton from Dow Jones.
Ann Keaton - Dow Jones: Could you zero in a little bit on the London market? I know you made some important investments there and Im curious to know how thats going and when given all thats happened in the world that might become profitable for you?
Lawrence W. Kellner : We never comment on the profitability of a specific market. I would just say that London continues to be a very important market for us and Heathrow  as you look, it was a process as we moved from Gatwick to Heathrow, but were now in a spot where we have three New Yorks and two Houstons all to Heathrow, and I think were competitively well positioned both with regard to the frequencies and the time of the day were flying out, which is hugely important to get the slots in the right place. I think probably the sign that were pleased with how things are going in the sense of the context of the economy; clearly the UK is a very soft economy, but we factor that in  I think were pleased with how were doing competitively there. I think thats evidenced by the fact that we were actually able to secure a slot and moved our Cleveland seasonal service from Gatwick to Heathrow to allow [inaudible] all our operations at Heathrow. Houston has always been a strong market to London here, because of the oil business, and we continue to think its a very important market for us to have in New York as well.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Bill Hensel from Houston Chronicle.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle:  Good morning. I wanted to follow up on  youve given a hard date on the transition from Sky Team to Star. You start the last flight  October 24th.
Jeff Misner:  Thats our hard date for exiting Sky Team, yes.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle:  Do you expect the entry into Star to be immediate?
Jeff Misner:  Promptly thereafter. Ill leave it at that, Bill.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle:  Okay. I want also to ask about what you said about youd do whatever it takes in this environment, where youre seeing less revenue. Do you expect to have layoffs?
Jeff Misner:  Currently, with the adjustments weve made, we dont expect to have layoffs. I strongly prefer not to have layoffs, but I think thats in the vein of we need to be successful to stay in business as a company for the long term, and get back to sustained profitability. Thats good for everybody here for their careers. Clearly the debt markets are much more difficult than they were, which makes it even more important that we get back to sustained profitability. 2008 is a year were not going to repeat. We need to have a much stronger 2009. If that requires us to make tough decisions, we will do what we need to do to make sure were successful in the long-term basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the new delivery schedule for the 787. Do you feel pretty confident in that, or do you think that you might see some further delays based on Boeing has had to say lately?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Mary, this is Larry. Boeings been great. I tell you specifically, Ray Connor at Boeing has been just super at keeping us informed. For a tough situation for them, I think what makes it workable for us is how hard Boeing in general, and Ray in particular, have worked. Having said that, theyve had several delays. They havent flown the airplane, and so we need to wait and see. We need to see the plane fly and we need to get forward. While its an issue if we were to have additional delays based on the number they have, I wouldnt rule it out. Boeing would speak for where they are and what they have to do. From a planning side, its far enough out for us.  I think the key thing Boeings done is weve always had plenty of notice of these and we can still see out where we are. Its something we can plan for. Again, while disappointing, we think the plane will be a game-changer, and were extremely excited about getting it in our fleet. We think its the right aircraft; we think its an excellent fit for us. We think it will help us grow as we look out over the next decade, and its important to think about it that way. This is the day something  even though we have 25 on firm order, this is going to be make a dramatic shift in a single year. Its more a case of over a number of years, as we add them into the fleet. The international destinations will allow us to add to the flexibility they give us will be a positive.  We hope the current schedule sticks, but we do have some planning flexibility knowing that theres been some issues, and if theres some more issues, we know Boeing will communicate with us, and well work with them moving forward.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: In the future, if there were more delays that moved out to a certain period, is it something that you might revisit in terms of the number or the order altogether?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think no. Were confident as long as Boeing is building the airplane, I think were very confident its the right fit for us. Its the right plane, and it provides us the capacity to do a lot of things we cant do today, because we get a plane in the 787, and its a little smaller with ranges that looks like the 777, and is also very efficient. When we can get to the -9, were getting extremely efficient airplane thats about the same size as our current 777-200, but will really give us cost advantages and markets. Were committed to it  we think its a great fit for our growth plan, and its just a question of when are we going to get it.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: Okay, thank you.
Nene Foxhall: This is Nene. We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Koenig - Associated Press. 
David Koenig - Associated Press: Thanks. Real quick question on hedging. Your last hedge, and some of your libels  are you acting now, or at least considering rebuilding your hedge position while oil is in the 40s?
Gerry Laderman : We have put on some hedges this month. Those were related to an unwind of our position with a bankrupt counterparty. We have not been actively adding new hedges to the book, other than that. I think weve seen the volatility in the markets. We have had, I will just tell you the input to us, while oil was at 70 and 60 was usually on should we lock it in whilst its this low. Were grateful for that. Oil today is somewhat acting as a hedge to the economy, and if you look at the forward curve, its fairly steep going forward. Its not like you can go out at hedges todays prices moving forward. The market is counting on prices to go back up, so any hedge would include that. Well continue to watch that balance between fuel and the economy, but we have not been adding positions, and [do the volatility] calls are extremely expensive today, and we would strongly prefer to put on hedges as called, as opposed to swaps. We dont find that economically viable, based on how much volatility weve seen in the marketplace. 
David Koenig - Associated Press: Thank you for that detail.
Nene Foxhall: That was the end, thank you. With that well conclude the call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ned Walker  Senior Vice President - Worldwide Corporate Communications DeAnne Gabel  Director of Investor Relations Lawrence W. Kellner  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Jeffery A. Smisek  President, Director Zane Rowe  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Mark Moran  Executive Vice President of Operations Jim Compton  Executive Vice President of Marketing Jerry Laderman  Senior Vice President Finance & Treasurer
Analysts: William Greene  Morgan Stanley Ray Neidl  Calyon Securities Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus Jamie Baker  JP Morgan Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Kevin Crissey  UBS Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Welcome to Continental Airlines third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to Ned Walker, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. 
Ned Walker:  Here in Houston we have Larry Kellner, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Smisek, our President & Chief Operating Officer and a Member of the Board, Zane Rowe, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mark Moran, our Executive Vice President of Operations and Jim Compton, our Executive Vice President of Marketing as well as Jerry Laderman, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. The format will begin with Larry will have some overview comments. Jeff Smisek will then review capacity and revenue and then well conclude the comments with Zane Rowe who will discuss cost structure and the balance sheet. Weve allocated 20 minutes for the executive comments followed by a 25 minute Q&A session for the analyst and then a 15 minute session for the media. Wed request that you have one question with a brief follow up and that way we should be able to accommodate everyone. With that, Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel:  Earlier today we issued an update for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the fourth quarter and full and full year 2008 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC and can be found on our website under the investor relations section. Please note that today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net loss excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures to be discussed can be found on Continentals website at www.Continental.com under the investor relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2007 10K as well as other Securities filings.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I want to start by thanking my co-workers for doing a great job again this quarter. Despite several severe storms including Hurricane Ike that affected both my co-workers personal lives as well as our operations, my co-workers did a great job working together to provide a suburb product. During the quarter they earned on-time incentives for two out of the three months.  I also want to compliment my co-workers on how smoothly they implemented our schedule reduction and the great job they did minimizing furloughs through voluntary programs. Regardless of the challenges that arise, our teams dedication delivered excellent customer service and a premium product truly sets us apart from the competition. With that, let me recap our third quarter results.  For the third quarter 2008 Continental reported a net loss of $145 million or a loss of $1.32 per diluted share excluding $91 million of previously announced special items. Including those special items, we reported a net loss of $236 million or a loss of $2.14 per diluted share for the third quarter. Its disappointing to report a loss in what is historically been one of our seasonally stronger quarters. But, given that our consolidated fuel expense for the third quarter was $736 million higher than it was last year, I think our team did an excellent job minimizing the loss.  During the quarter we unveiled details of the new lay flat seat for our business first cabin. I think our customers are going to be delighted with the new seat and Im pleased that the team was able to design a seat that lays completely flat without compromising functionality or the effective use of cabin space. Customers will begin seeing the new seat on Continentals 777 and 757 200 aircraft that serve long haul international routes beginning in the fall of 2009 and well install it on 12 of our 767 400 aircraft beginning in 2010 as well as when our 787s deliver, theyll have the seat as well. Also in response to our customers showing a clear preference for service to Londons Heathrow Airport versus Gatwick we announced that effective October 25th well add a third daily non-stop flight between our New York hub and Londons Heathrow Airport. In addition to the three daily flights from New York, well operate twice daily service to Heathrow from our Houston hub. As a result of having a competitive schedule from New York and Houston to Heathrow, well discontinue flights to London Gatwick from both New York and Houston. Looking to the future, its too early to gage precisely the net effect on our business from the recent global economic turmoil. On one hand fuel prices have declined significantly and if they stay around their current level well benefit greatly. On the other hand, we know that demand for air travel will be adversely affected by a recession and it remains to be seen how deep, wide and long the recession will be. Were being cautious about demand and realistic about our access to the credit markets. As a result, weve been working with our partner Boeing and have reached an agreement in principal with them to reschedule in to later years 16 737 aircraft originally scheduled to be delivered in 2009 and 2010. We also have an agreement in principal for backstop financing through the remaining 14 737 aircraft scheduled for 2009 delivery.  Weve also moved the two 777s that were scheduled for delivery next year in to 2010 instead. We feel that rescheduling these deliveries and obtaining backstop financing for the 14 remaining 737 aircrafts scheduled for delivery next year were prudent moves in these uncertain times. One thing that is different about this cycle compared to other economic cycles is that the industry including Continental has already cut a significant amount of capacity. The capacity reductions together with a significant cost savings from lower fuel prices should provide a substantial cushion against the negative revenue impact from a further weakening economy. As previously announced, were planning to join the Star Alliance and to join United along with Lufthansa, Air Canada and certain other Star Alliance members in their already established antitrust immunized alliance.  During the quarter we filed an application with the Department of Transportation to join these carriers in an antitrust immunized alliance and are in the process of finalizing our response to the DOTs request for additional information. While were waiting to receive approval were continuing to prepare for our transition from SkyTeam to Star. Star is the largest and most comprehensive airline alliance in the world. We expect to be able to transition out of SkyTeam and in to Star by the fourth quarter of next year and were very excited about being able to deliver all the benefits of the Star Alliance to our corporate and leisure customers. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff Smisek.
Jeffery A. Smisek : I want to join Larry in thanking my co-workers for running a solid operation for the quarter. In addition to the usual summer storms that impact our operations we also had to deal with a couple of tropical storms and several hurricanes including Hurricane Ike that directly hit Houston and forced us to shut down our Houston hub for two and a half days.  Despite these challenges and the personal impact on thousands of our co-workers who had damaged homes and no power or water, the team did a great job keeping the operation running smoothly and serving our customers. We estimate that the adverse impact of Hurricane Ike on our operating results for the third quarter was approximately $50 million.  During the third quarter we had good revenue growth and again recorded year-over-year yield improvements in all regions. For the third quarter we had a domestic mainline year-over-year yield increase of 9.4%. We traded some load factor for those higher yields but the trade off was worth wild as our domestic mainline RASM was up 6.8% year-over-year. In the third quarter Trans Atlantic RASM was up 6% driven by a year-over-year increase in yields of 7.8% as load factor was down slightly. The positive foreign exchange impact on Trans Atlantic RASM was about two and a half points. Our Pacific region includes our Trans Pacific routes as well as our Continental Micronesia operations. Overall, our Pacific yields were up 9.3% for the third quarter on 7.4% less capacity. Loads were down about half a point resulting in a RASM increase of 8.6% year-over-year. Our Latin region continued to do very well.  The mainline Latin yields were up 13.3% and RASM was up 14.9% as load factor increased about a point. We also saw improvement in regional yields during the third quarter. However, regional load factor was down 5.2 points year-over-year on 6.2% more capacity so regionally RASM was just slightly up year-over-year.  Before I talk about what we see in the fourth quarter Id like to talk a bit about the general effects that all the turmoil in the world financial markets is having on corporate air travel. Let me start by saying that we dont have a lot of data yet and we are not sure of the magnitude or duration of the effects. However, its clear that there will be an overall negative effect on corporate travel although our early indications show the effects vary by industry and region. Weve recently surveyed many of our corporate accounts and Id like to share some takeaways from their feedback. Obviously, the financial firms in New York City are feeling the biggest effect with all of them indicating a significant reduction in travel spend for the remainder of the year and a sizeable expected reduction in their 2009 budget. That said, weve never before been a player among financial firms in the New York to London Heathrow market as we didnt have Heathrow access so we dont expect to be as adversely affected as those carriers with enormous dependence on Heathrow traffic. On the positive side, now that were building a reasonably competitive schedule between New York and Heathrow, we have an opportunity to compete for global corporate contracts that we were shut out of earlier. So, we have an opportunity to take share away from our competitors. That said, we expect the overall New York to Heathrow market will shrink. For the most part energy companies around the globe continue their travel spend as todays oil prices are still pretty high compared to historical prices.  So, as of now we dont expect significant reductions in travel spend by most of our energy customers. Were seeing a significant down turn in traffic from the automotive companies and related vendors throughout the globe with particular reductions in travel from the US to or from Asia and the US and to or from Mexico. We expect that our pharmaceutical customers will be budgeting for travel at slightly lower levels for 2009 although a lot depends on product launches which can cause a spike in travel. Were also seeing typical behavior among most of our corporate customers in response to weaker economic conditions. This behavior includes businesses asking their employees to buy advance purchase tickets to take advantage of lower price restricted tickets, requesting employees to use preferred carriers to take advantage of savings through discount agreements, requiring higher level internal approvals for travel and requiring travelers to book coach versus business class on flights under a certain length. We do have a bit of good news as weve signed a number of new corporate contracts on renewals that position us to gain market share from our network competitors beginning this quarter and extending in to 2009 with particular upside in key international markets like Houston and New York to London Heathrow. As I said earlier, this is a key point as we havent had the ability to compete for this traffic in previous years. Obviously, as the economy declines leisure demand will decline as well. We have a good early indicator of that from sales on our Continental.com website where we are seeing a slowing of year-over-year growth in sales. Now, turning to the fourth quarter outlook in the domestic mainline system, our yields are not building quite as strongly as we expected a few weeks ago and so we somewhat reduced our year-over-year mainline domestic RASM expectations for October and November to low double digit growth from our earlier expectation of low to mid teens growth. In the Trans Atlantic region weve seen some softness in the front cabin yields but this is being more than offset in strength in back cabin yields. In addition, we in the industry are pulling down some capacity in this region during the fourth quarter which should help bolster our RASM growth in the fourth quarter for this region. I should note that the weakening Euro will likely negatively impact our RASM growth in this region in the fourth quarter.  In the Pacific, again this includes our Trans Pacific routes as well as our Micronesia operations, were experiencing yield pressure from increased competition on both our Hong Kong and Tokyo routes and some softness in our Japan market served from our Micronesia hub. That said, we still expect some modest yield improvements in the Trans Pacific sector which coupled with good yield performance from our Micronesia operations as weve reduced capacity there will drive overall moderate year-over-year RASM growth for the Pacific region during the fourth quarter. In Latin America we expect to see continued strong year-over-year improvement in RASM in the fourth quarter helped by our large local traffic bases in Houston and Newark and the dialing down of some of our Latin capacity. As for our regional sector, starting in September we shifted quite a bit of our regional capacity out of Cleveland and in to Newark Liberty. In addition, our fourth quarter regional capacity will be down 1.5% year-over-year. Together, these changes should drive an improvement in our regional RASM performance for the fourth quarter. Looking ahead at our six week advance bookings consolidated domestic booked seat factor for the next six weeks is running one to two points ahead of last year. Mainline Latin bookings are running two to three points ahead of last year. Trans Atlantic bookings are running slightly lower year-over-year.  Were seeing softness in our Micronesia bookings to and from Japan which is skewing the outlook for our overall Pacific bookings which are running six to seven points behind last year. We expect this gap to close quite a bit and are projecting our Pacific load factor for the full fourth quarter will be down one or two points year-over-year. For the full fourth quarter we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to be about flat year-over-year. For the fourth quarter we expect mainline capacity to be down 7.8% compared with the fourth quarter of 2007 with mainline domestic capacity down 11% and mainline international capacity down 4.3%. We expect regional capacity will be down 1.5%. For the full year 2008 we expect our consolidated capacity, thats mainline plus regional will be down slightly. For 2009 we expect our total mainline capacity will be down 1% to 3% year-over-year with our mainline domestic capacity expected to be down 4% to 6%. This of course assumes that we dont pull additional capacity in response to market conditions. Before I turn the call over to Zane, I want to close by saying that if oil prices stay near current levels and revenue trends progress as we currently expect, then were comfortable with the capacity reduction decisions weve already made. That said, there is tremendous uncertainty surrounding the economic environment and how our industry will be affected. We are out talking to our customers and closely monitoring demand and we will always be responsive to the market. We are not known to be shy about making difficult decisions and communicating them openly and honestly to our co-workers and other constituencies. Adverse conditions are something weve become quite adept at dealing with at Continental.  Well continue to deliver for our customers the clean, safe and reliable air transportation that Continental Airlines is known for throughout the world and well continue our focus on returning to sustained profitability. With that, Ill turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Rowe : Again thank all of you for joining us this morning. Our revenue performance for the third quarter was encouraging given the slowing economy but unfortunately it was not in us to offset cost increases driven by the rising cost of fuel which was up $736 million on a consolidated basis. During the third quarter crude oil peaked at a record high close of $145 per barrel helping drive a nearly 75% year-over-year increase in our price per gallon of fuel. Companywide everyone did a good job controlling non-fuel related costs. Third quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was down 2.8% year-over-year. We continue to focus on improving our cost structure. Looking for ways to work more efficiently and take out non-value added costs is a never ending process for us and we continue to see positive results from our efforts. Improvement in unit cost performance excluding special items and holding fuel rates constant will become more difficult as we remove capacity from the system. For the fourth quarter 2008 we expect our consolidated CASM excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant to be up about 3.5% year-over-year and our mainline CASM again, holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items to be up about 4% year-over-year. For the full year 2008 excluding special items and holding fuel rates constant we expect consolidated CASM to be down about .5% and mainline CASM to be down about 1%. Further details regarding fourth quarter and full year 2008 guidance can be found in our investor update published this morning which as DeAnne mentioned is posted on our website.  On fuel, in recent weeks we have seen crude oil prices come down significantly. The good news is while oil prices have come down the bad news is oil prices have come down on expectations of a slowing world economy. Also, oil remains a volatile commodity and as recently as three months ago was trading at records highs. We have hedged approximately 22% of our fourth quarter volumes using call options and crude oils. Additionally, we have hedged approximately 34% using a combination of collars in crude oil and heating oil. We have also hedged approximately 18% for the full year 2009. We continue to benefit from having one of the most fuel efficient fleets. We are retiring many of our least fuel efficient mainline aircraft and have installed winglets on over 250 of our mainline aircraft. Regarding our fleet, we have rescheduled in to 2010 the two 777s that were originally scheduled for delivery in 2009. We also have an agreement in principal with Boeing to reschedule in to 2011 and beyond a total of 16 narrow body aircraft originally scheduled for delivery in 2009 and 2010. In addition, we may lease up to four additional 757 300 aircraft. We originally had seven aircraft scheduled for delivery in the last four months of this year. One of those aircraft delivered earlier this month. We expect two more will delivery before the end of the year and are currently assuming that four of them will be delayed until 2009 pending resolution of the Boeing strike. As previously announced, we have arranged financing for all of these aircraft. In addition to any 2008 deliveries that slide in to 2009, as a result of our rescheduling, we plan to take delivery of 14 new narrow body aircraft in 2009. As part of our rescheduling discussions we have an agreement in principal for backstop financing on all 14 aircraft. Our fleet plans published this morning reflect these delivery changes other than the potential additional 757 300.  In early September we disclosed that Express Jets had given us notice that they plan to return 39 50 seat regional jets to us. Previously these aircraft had been leased from us and flown under Express Jets own brand or for other carriers. We have added these 39 regional jets to our capacity purchase agreements with Express Jets and have withdrawn and temporarily grounded 30 37 seat aircraft from that agreement. We are evaluating our options with regard to those 30 aircraft. Now, briefly turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with approximately $2.9 billion of unrestricted cash and short term investments which includes $125 million of student loan related option rate securities that are now classified as short term investments. This balance excludes $130 million of auction rate securities that remain classified as long term investments. We expect to end the year with approximately $2.5 billion of unrestricted cash excluding auction rate securities that are classified as long term investments.  We expect cash capital expenditures for 2008 to be $425 million net of aircraft purchase deposits paid or refunded. As for our third quarter 10Q filing, we expect to file it next week. In conclusion, its too early to tell the full extent of the impact to our business from the recent turbulence in the financial markets. We are closely monitoring the ongoing macroeconomic developments and will respond to any changes in the marketplace.  We continue to have many strengths which we will leverage. These include the most professional team in the business, the great product, a well balanced global network, strategically located hubs and a fuel efficient fleet. We have a strong franchise and are focused on returning to sustained profitability. With that, Ill turn the call back to Larry.
Lawrence W. Kellner : There are many significant changes happening at Continental, in our industry and in the global economic environment. Over the last year weve taken steps to better align our capacity with the operating environment, take costs out of our business, to add revenue and to sure up our liquidity. While it is uncertain whether or not additional changes will be necessary, well adapt quickly to any changing environment and Im confident that we have the staying power to overcome whatever challenges lay ahead. I want to close by again thanking my co-workers who are the reason well be successful as we move forward in this difficult environment. With that, Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel:  With that well begin the question and answer session for the analysts followed by the question and answer session for the media. Christine if you could please review the Q&A process were ready to begin.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from William Greene  Morgan Stanley.
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: If we look at the RASM trends by entity, domestic despite the capacity cuts didnt perform as well as international and that wasnt unique to Continental. So, is it safe to assume that maybe youre already seeing the weakness then in the domestic market and that inevitably thats going to affect international? And, if so what do you really have that you could cut because a lot of the markets, particularly in Trans Atlantic are sort of single daily flight I would think of and you would have to actually exit the city. Is that how you think about it?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think there are a couple of things, one I think that clearly there is some challenges on a global basis in the economy and while we may have seen them start here in the US theyre out there. On the other hand there arent as many alternatives and theres a certain amount of international travel I think youre going to continue to see as the world gets more global and so theres no question you may see some pressure.  But, much like we got out [Colon] I think were willing to look at individual markets and make sure what makes sense. Youve also seen some other carriers reduce the number of frequencies on a weekly basis and kind of cut capacity in that way. Well continue to look at all our options though I think weve got a very diversified international set of routes and if you look actually Latin America and in some places on the Trans Pac we still see some things we like. Europes clearly got some challenges and well watch that but its uneven across Europe. But, I do think we can adjust both by frequencies per week as well as well look at select markets. 
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: Were you surprised that even though these capacity cuts were as big as they were in September you didnt get better domestic RASM?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Its hard for us with Ike to have any clear data for September. Even if you look and say, Well okay New York didnt have Ike, we have so much service between New York and Houston theres a spillover effect there so I think September data is just a little cloudy for us due to the Hurricane.
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: Then just real quick Larry, whats your view on what the industry will do as we look at where fuel prices have gone, whats the industry likely to do? Will the capacity discipline be sustained do you think?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Well, I think if you look at the action we announced today in rescheduling some Boeing deliveries you can see that-that capacity discipline is still evident here at Continental. I think as you look across the industry if you look at calls yesterday I think that there was strong evidence that-that capacity discipline will continue to be there.  Theres a lot of uncertainty about the economy, it is very hard to move capacity close in and so I think  I can tell you Continental will be cautious and I expect many of our competitors will be cautious as they look forward until we have better visibility looking forward. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ray Neidl  Calyon Securities.
Ray Neidl  Calyon Securities: Just two quick things, first is credit card hold backs, are you seeing any effect from the credit card companies and wanting to put up collateral or anything else for that? Or, are they tightening your credit rules there?
Zane Rowe : As you know, which is actually in our last 10Q, we had recently updated our credit card position with regards to our biggest bank card and in that we eliminated the fix charge coverage ratio. So, the only hold backs are tied to a minimum cash balances which are actually disclosed in the 10Q.
Ray Neidl  Calyon Securities: With the credit crisis theres no new pressure coming from the credit card companies?
Zane Rowe : No.
Ray Neidl  Calyon Securities: The other thing is with what the DOT is doing with slot restrictions and auctions in the New York Metropolitan area, is that any effect on your planning going forward?
Jeffery A. Smisek : Obviously thats something that we oppose. We dont think its wise policy. We also think it is illegal. It is tied up in litigation, hopefully that slot auction will never occur. We think it is a really unwise step forward as a last ditch effort by this administration. That said, if the slot auctions were to proceed and be held lawful thats something that obviously its not good for our business, thats going to increase costs. But, well see how that comes out in litigation. Were not the only people who will be litigating this. This is going to be tied up in the courts six ways to Sunday.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think the key is we need to somehow get the focus back on improving the capacity in to specifically the New York area. Theres a huge set of challenges there. Its very troublesome for our customers, its very troublesome for my co-workers that the system doesnt work well in New York and right now what were doing is the government is proposing shifting around who might use some of that as opposed to focusing on fixing the problem we have. Clearly, we need to get a clear focus and I hope as we move towards next year we can get that on trying to make real improvements in the airspace in New York through ATC reform. I want to compliment the controllers, I want to compliment the FAA, theyre working hard with the system they have to make it work as efficiently as possible and there have been a number of steps that theyre taking to do that. But, we need a new system. We need fundamental change and I wish that was the focus rather than slot auctions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus.
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: A question for you, about your overall hedging strategy sort of longer term going forward in to 2009 and 2010, how are you guys thinking about doing this? Not in terms of just a level of consumption youre protecting against but the types of derivatives you guys use. Do you think its worth maybe spending an extra few million just to buy simple call options so you can participate on the downside if fuel prices stay low?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Let me just start out and Ill take a minute or two because I think its an important topic to address that. We look at hedging for fuel as insurance, not as something where we speculate on the prices so we dont view it as a debt we win or lose. Much like if you have your car insurance you dont hope you have a claim during the year, you hope you pay your premium and get nothing for it.  So, our general strategy on fuel hedging has always been an insurance strategy. There really are five pieces to that, first is a fuel efficient fleet. Second is that where weve already sold the ticket we will tend to hedge for that to lock the fuel in because the ticket price cant move. Ultimately wed like to see ticket prices reflect our costs. Third, we look at a level of self insurance where we say insurance costs money so to the extent we can self insure, we do. When we see a lot of volatility our first choice is to use calls because then you can protect for the upside and be covered on the downside. Then, youll see at the end in periods of high volatility well use more collars simply because the call costs so much youve got to do something to offset it. So, youll continue to see us take that strategy going forward and we feel very good about kind of where we sit from a fuel hedging perspective in the sense of insurance. Again, were not trying to be on prices were just trying to take some volatility out of the business and make sure were protected as well as get the benefit as much of upside as we can when fuel prices come down. But, you do hit a point where it becomes too expensive just to buy calls and youve got to use some collars. 
Hunter Keay  Stifel Nicolaus: With some of the hedges that you guys have that may be deeply out of the money right now have you considered maybe unwinding some of those if it is at all possible? Or, do you feel better just holding on to that just in case because of the volatility component of it?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Well, I think theres two pieces, one theres a volatility component. Two, where theres a call thats way out of the money, theres not much value to unwinding it. Where theres a collar thats way out of the money you are in effect taking a hedge off because as prices go back up youll come back on that collar and so we have not looked other than for instance a bankrupt counterparty we have not spent any time considering taking collars off.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jamie Baker  JP Morgan.
Jamie Baker  JP Morgan: Larry, a quick question, Mark [Streeter] and I were actually wondering on the United courtship whether the improved profit outlook has made the waters any more conducive to possibly taking that relationship beyond just the Star participation level?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think were in a period Jamie of incredible uncertainty and so while Ill never take consolidation off the table, for the long term I think clearly in periods of uncertainty were best keeping our flexibility and we do that best as an independent carrier. Were excited about the potential to join Star, we think that will do a lot for our business and thats our focus.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Gary Chase  Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: I was curious if you could just give us a sense, you noted that youre going to be watching demand trends carefully to see if additional capacity action is required. What should we be thinking of as the benchmark there? Is it profitability? Is it a margin? Is it a return? Whats the trigger point that gets you to go further or deeper?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think there are a couple of things we look at, clearly we cant go on losing money for the long term. We need to get this business to sustain profitability. But, we also dont want to go guardrail-to-guardrail quarter between quarter. We have seen just dramatic shifts both in the economy and in fuel prices. So, as you look at planning things that were great at $70 a barrel for oil or $80 a barrel for oil dont work at $130 a barrel for oil. But, you have to make those decisions months in advance so you will see us both be willing to move where we need to but not try to overact quarter-by-quarter. So, clearly if we feel our survival is threatened well take very dramatic action but within that range were going to focus on sustained long term profitability. But, if were convinced we cant make a route work on a long term basis were going to take it out. If were convinced in the short term we could do some fine tuning. Take during the SARs crisis we pulled Hong Kong down Jaime I think for about six months if my memory is right. That was the case where it just didnt make sense in the environment yet Hong Kong was a market we wanted to be in for the long term but there was so much pressure on that route when you looked at the load factors you had to take it out for a while. So, well continue to make those decision. But, our general focus well say, Do we think we can have sustained profitability on a long term basis on this route? If we dont, it will come out. If we do, well try to keep it. But, clearly if the business is under stress well make the tough decisions we need to make.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: If the Euro rate stays here, whats the currency headwind in the fourth quarter?
Zane Rowe : Gary, as you know the Euro clearly helped us out in the third quarter about two to two and a half points. In the fourth quarter weve actually got a decent currency hedge on the Euro for the fourth quarter but you know most of our traffic actually comes out of the US so quite frankly we didnt benefit as much as we would have liked to have with the strong Euro coming from the offshore traffic. We would expect some softness obviously out of Europe but we havent actually disclosed what the exact impact in the quarter in terms of currency that would be.
Jeffery A. Smisek : Our revenue management system does adjust for differences in strengths of currency so we can shift in terms of the buckets we open up for traffic based in the US versus traffic based in Europe. So, we are sensitive to that obviously as the currency shifts.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Then a very quick one for Zane, do the downside strikes on the collars require collateral postings or might they?
Zane Rowe : They might and they do. In fact, at the end of the third quarter we had $20 million posted Gary and if you were to assume a $80 price at the end of the fourth quarter wed expect to have roughly $37 million posted. So, a lot of those hedges burn off through the quarter. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey  UBS.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: In terms of the ancillary fees and so forth have you seen a change in behavior recently?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Absolutely. We are seeing significantly less second bags. On the first bag fee we have not yet seen much change in behavior but we are clearly seeing less second bags and thats a result were very comfortable with because theres clearly a cost both to handle and fuel related to the second bags and so our goal is to get a fee in place that we believe will help us offset those costs. But, we have seen a substantial drop in second bags.
Kevin Crissey  UBS: I know its difficult to answer in general because of all the uncertainty but just because capacity is down and you should get better pricing than you would otherwise with capacity not down, should we be thinking that revenue falls  that theres a decent chance that revenue overall for passenger anyway would decline next year in a reasonable recession environment?
Jim Compton : Obviously we dont talk forward-looking but again I think as I think about yield weve always talked in the past about two ways the average fare going up and the mix and so forth and so much about the uncertainty in that Larry and Jeff have both talked about relates back to the economy and demand. So, its really hard, the two movers of average fare that would drive yield versus that demand obviously are mix as well as the ability if supply is matched up with demand for fares to go up. But again, thats become a function of the economy and I think its just too early with the uncertainty that we have. Just to jump back on bags also, the other place that were seeing great success is in Latin America on the second bag. We do have a last second bag Latin fee in Latin America and its doing just a terrific job for our customers in terms of less loss bags [inaudible] that were seeing significant loss bags. Its not just successful under the methods [inaudible] in Latin America.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Two questions here, the first one has to do with the transition from SkyTeam to Star and think you indicated maybe, Larry you had indicated that it was later in 2009. How do we think about that because to transition from one big grouping to another it would seem hard that you could come up with a transition that would actually be seamless. What Im getting to is youre not leaving any revenue on the table.  As I recall, when some of these agreements were put in to place in the late 90s, these were agreements that maybe generated several hundred million dollars of incremental revenue. How do we think about it and is there the possibility that there is some revenue thats left on the table? Maybe its late fourth quarter of 09 early 010.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think theres clearly a risk. I think weve shown in the past we execute pretty well but clearly moving from one big global alliance to another presents a lot of challenges. Our number one goal is to do it in a way that is customer friendly and so that people feel like hey if theyve come to depend on something in SkyTeam we deliver what were going to deliver there.  With our planned move to Star obviously want to ramp that up in a way that the technology works from day one. So, I think theres clearly some risk but by the same token well work hard to execute as well as we can and make that transition just as smooth as we can be and try to manage it in a period of stronger demand. Clearly, where the economy is has some impact on that because the stronger the demand the more you can cover some traffic you might lose from an alliance partner. So with the economic uncertainty weve doubled our focus to make sure we do that. But, I can tell you within our priorities internally we always keep a focus on our top three items and Star is the biggest strategic thing were looking at.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Then just my second question dealing with in the 8K one of your fuel hedge positions and I know Zane mentioned it was with a counterparty who filed for bankruptcy. What position does that put you in? Was that unwound? Are you a creditor? Are you actually sitting on cash collateral? I dont know how often you settle through the quarter if its monthly or at the end of the quarter and given the huge run off that we had seen, were you sitting on a decent amount of cash? Is that still in your balance sheet?  Im just trying to figure out what sort of impact this had on the quarter and cash and what we can see going forward?
Jerry Laderman : I would describe that position right now as [inaudible] not material. As you can imagine, as I think was described, most of our collars are from our perspective out of the money so I would not describe us today as being in a creditor position.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Let me be clear Mike, we owe them money and deposits you dont have to put up collateral once a counterparty files.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse. 
Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse: Just circling back on the application for antitrust immunity with United, I wonder if you can provide some perspective about how you are thinking about structuring the joint venture possibly with United?
Lawrence W. Kellner : They already have a joint venture across the North Atlantic and clearly we want to try to expand that structure, theres a lot of work to do. Until we get antitrust immunity theres a lot of elements of the joint venture that cant be negotiated because we cant exchange that information so this is a multistep process. And much like to Mike Linenbergs question on the transition, well try to keep you as updated as possible, at the same time the possibilities are so wide at the moment we want to stay away from speculation.  But, just the first step is to get the antitrust immunity and then you can do a lot more detailed work on the joint venture. Weve had a lot of discussions but I think if you look at the fact that United and Lufthansa have a JV out there today. Directionally we think what weve seen whether its there or with Northwest and Delta along with Air France and KLM, actually will be good for all parties.  We think it is stronger for everybody and creates more growth and more service. Its clearly customer friendly. We also think it provides growth for our employees but a lot of the details still have got to be worked out. Well be specific as soon as we can be on pieces we put out there. But, the next step is really to get antitrust immunity.
Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse: I guess secondly here, I appreciate the demand perspective that you shared around your system and I guess just taking a step back even further, as you look at this down turn international traffic of course typically comes under a tremendous amount of pressure. But, as you look back in time Im wondering what factors might be different today from your perspective that might cause international trends to be ultimately better or perhaps worse?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Id just say that I think the business is better prepared. You know, three months ago we were building a model looking at 2009 anticipating jet fuel costs in the $170 a barrel range so clearly, thats provided some offset. As you look I think that has forced us  you believe a route will work at those kind of jet fuel prices, jet fuel under $100 a barrel works a lot better. Fuel is still a huge cost for us.  Were more fuel efficient then we were in previous down turns as we move towards the 787 well continue to get more fuel efficient as we look towards the international side. But, I think within the basics of core demand other than the economy being more global theres no question economic down turns are going to create less travel. Thats going to be true internationally as well as domestically and this clearly appears to be a global recession not just a US recession.
Jeffery A. Smisek : The only thing I would add to that is we and obviously some of our competitors in the industry have also been focused for many years on reducing our costs. It is a bit different environment in that weve been through round after round after round of cost containment, doing things more productively, using technology more productively and I think weve done actually at Continental a fine job of doing that. So, I think entering in to this recession is a tad different in that not only have we had capacity come out before the recession but I think were entering it with a set of costs thats lower than weve had before.
Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse: One last very quickie here, can you talk about the flexibility to reschedule debt coming due next year?
Jerry Laderman : The flexibility to reschedule it in terms of refinancing debt?
Dan McKenzie  Credit Suisse: Yes, the principal debt coming due next year, Im just wondering if thats even something youre thinking about?
Jerry Laderman : We always think about our debt positions. Some of that debt, just like this year is related to aircraft and this year as some of that aircraft debt matured we refinanced it. Obviously with credit markets the way they are well have to look very closely at what opportunities exist. But, a good chunk of that debt is aircraft related so we would look at opportunities to refinance it.
Ned Walker : I think were ready to go ahead and switch over to the media portion of the Q&A.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ned Walker  Senior Vice President - Worldwide Corporate Communications DeAnne Gabel  Director of Investor Relations Lawrence W. Kellner  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Jeffery A. Smisek  President, Director Jeff Misner  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial officer Zane Rowe  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Jim Compton  Executive Vice President of Marketing Mark Moran  Executive Vice President of Operations Jerry Laderman  Senior Vice President Finance & Treasurer
Analysts:  William Greene - Morgan Stanley  Ray Neidle  Calyon Securities Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch Justine Fischer  Goldman Sachs Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers
Operator: Welcome to Continental Airlines second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the call over to Ned Walker, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. 
Ned Walker: Joining us here in Houston we have Larry Kellner, Continentals Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Smisek our President and a member of the Board of Directors, Jeff Misner our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Compton our Executive Vice President of Marketing, Mark Moran our Executive Vice President of Operations. We also have Zane Rowe our Senior Vice President of Network Strategy and CFO-Elect as well as Jerry Laderman our Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. Ill go over the format briefly, the same thing that weve done over the last several quarters, Larry will give an industry corporate overview, Jeff Smisek will then review capacity and revenue results, followed by Jeff Misner who will look at Continentals cost structure and balance sheet. Weve allocated 20 minutes for the executive comments and then we have a 25-minute window open for the analyst questions and well conclude with a 15-minute window for media questions. Once again, when we do get to the Q&A portion if you could have one question and a quick follow up we should be able to accommodate everyone. With that Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: Earlier today we issued an update for investors visiting information relating to our financial and operation outlook for the third quarter and full-year 2008 and other information. This investor update was included in the filing with the SEC and can be found on our web site under the Investor Relations section. Please note that today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net income excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures to be discussed can be located on Continentals web site at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical fact or reflect the companys current belief, expectations or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For example of these risks and uncertainties please see the risk factors set forth in the 2007 10K and other Security filings. With that I would like to turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence W. Kellner: I want to thank my co-workers. Theyre the backbone that makes this company great. Were going through some very difficult times in the airline business as jet fuel climbs higher and carriers including ourselves have been forced to make difficult decisions such as capacity cuts and co-worker headcount reduction. Yet despite the tough time our team has maintained their focus and delivered clean, safe and reliable air transportation, and theyve done it with a professional working-together attitude. So again thank you to all my co-workers. Its an honor to be on your team. With that let me recap our second quarter results. For the second quarter 2008 we reported a net loss of $25 million or a loss of $0.25 per diluted share excluding $22 million of previously announced net after-tax special items. Including those special items we reported a net loss of $3 million or a loss of $0.03 per diluted share for the quarter. On the operational side our team maintained their stellar reputation for completing the mission by delivering a system-wide mainline segment completion factor of 99.5% for the quarter. Time and time again my co-workers are recognized for their excellence. Im pleased to say that thanks to them for the fifth consecutive year Continental was named the Best Airline in North America at the 2008 OAG Airline of the Year Awards. Were experiencing the worst financial environment for US carriers since 9/11 due to record high fuel prices, the weak dollar and the generally uncertain economic environment. In response to those challenges weve implemented a number of initiatives to maintain our competitive position in the industry and bolster our cash position. During the quarter we announced additional capacity reductions. Although it was a difficult decision for the team to make, it was the right decision. Over the last year and a half as oils continued to climb ever higher weve been reducing our growth plans. As you may recall our initial target was to grow mainline 2008 capacity by 5% to 7%. By the fall of 2007 wed already pulled the growth down to 3% to 4%. Then as the cost of fuel continued to rise, we further adjusted the schedule down to only 2% to 3% growth. The first half of 2008 the cost of fuel continued to soar, so along with many other steps were taking we announced that were significantly cutting our fourth quarter capacity so that for 2008 we now expect full-year mainline capacity to be down slightly as compared to 2007. In connection with our capacity reductions weve announced that were accelerating the retirement of 67 737-300 and 737-500 aircraft removing the majority of our least fuel-efficient mainline aircraft by the end of 2009.  When times are difficult cash is more important than ever and we raised approximately $900 million of cash through various transactions during the quarter and ended the quarter with $3.4 billion of unrestricted cash. In addition we implemented numerous fuel surcharge and fare increases as well as a $25 fee for a second checked bag for non-Elite customers on certain domestic and Latin America economy class tickets. The second bag fee has been very effective. In the domestic market were seeing about a 60% reduction for second bags checked by affected customers and for Latin its about a 35% reduction without any meaningful problems at the TSA checkpoint or onboard with carry ons. This is very good for us as we save the weight onboard our aircraft as well as the handling and mishandling bag costs. We dont know if our planned capacity reductions for the fall is appropriate until we get more data indicating what fourth quarter RASM will be, but to date were seeing a significant year-over-year increase in average fare for fall bookings. Another step we took during the quarter to improve our long-term competitive position was to announce our plans to join United Airlines and the Star lines and to cooperate extensively with United, Lithuania, and other members of the Star lines. Im excited about this opportunity as Star is the most comprehensive airlines alliance in the world and our membership, along with the joint ventures we intend to create, will provide substantial new benefits for our customers. In addition to broad domestic code sharing that we planned with United we will soon be filing an application with the Department of Transportation requesting approval to join United along with Lithuania, Air Canada, and six other carriers in their already-established anti-trust immunized alliance. As noted in our earlier press release about the alliance we plan to establish a TransAtlantic joint venture in which we will pool revenue with United, Lithuania and Air Canada to compete more effectively with the recently approved joint venture including certain SkyTeam members. We also plan to form joint ventures with United and other Star lines members in the Latin America and Asia Pacific regions. Well keep everyone updated as we make progress with the transition from SkyTeam to Star in the months ahead. Before I turn the call over to Jeff Smisek to discuss the quarters revenue performance and Jeff Misner to discuss the quarters cost performance, I want to thank Jeff Misner our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This will be Jeffs last earnings call as he is retiring at the end of next month. Ive known and worked with Jeff for over two decades in a couple of companies and hes served Continental with integrity, candor and professionalism since he joined us here in 1995. I along with the entire management team have been privileged to work with Jeff and want to thank him here publicly today and wish him the very best in his retirement. I also want to congratulate Zane Rowe who will become our Executive Vice President and CFO on Jeff Misners retirement. I do want to point out that it will also help to avoid some confusion as well no longer wonder which Jeff said what. With that Ill turn the call over to Jeff and Jeff.
Jeffery A. Smisek: I want to join Larry in thanking my co-workers for keeping their focus on running a clean, safe and reliable operation during these incredibly difficult times for our industry. Our operations have been running smoothly and our entire team is focused on increasing revenues and holding the line on non-fuel related expenses. For the second quarter we continue to see yield improvement in all regions. Our consolidated yields were up 7% year-over-year. Our consolidated load factor of 81.4% was down 1.8 points year-over-year on a capacity increase of 2.7% resulting in a consolidated RASM increase of 4.6%. In the second quarter we grew total revenue by 9% or $334 million to just over $4 billion so we continue to have solid revenue results. Unfortunately, due to the increase in fuel costs our costs grew by more than $600 million in the quarter. Demand in general has continued to hold up well. However, the softness we began to see in the TransAtlantic sector last quarter continued throughout the second quarter which we believe is mainly attributable to the weak dollar. Yields for this region were up 3.2% year-over-year. We still had solid passenger revenue results for the region which were up 12.4% year-over-year. However, if the yield performance was softer, then wed expect it going into the quarter. We expect to continue to see this pressure on our year-over-year TransAtlantic yield throughout the third quarter although well be dialing down our year-over-year capacity growth in that region. So we expect positive year-over-year RASM growth there. During the quarter we continued to experience increased competition on our TransPacific routes as both Copa and [Jalin] increased frequencies last quarter. In addition Beijing bookings have not been as strong as we had expected. We attribute this to a drop-off in the number of leisure travelers related to hotels charging premium room rates in advance of the Olympics as well as a drop-off in leisure and business travelers related to China making it more difficult to obtain both tourist and business visas. All this had a negative impact on TransPacific load factors. Our overall Pacific load factor, which includes both our Continental Micronesia Pacific routes and our TransPacific routes, was down 2.5 points year-over-year. But yields were up 10.9% year-over-year resulting in a RASM increase of 7.4%. Advanced bookings for our TransPacific routes look better starting in September and we expect our overall Pacific load factor for the third quarter will be about flat year-over-year. Our Latin region continues to do well with mainline Latin RASM up 6.3% due to both increased yields and higher load factors. The Latin region did well as some travelers who traditionally travel to Europe for their summer vacation are instead opting to go to Latin America. Well also be dialing down our year-over-year capacity growth in Latin America in the third quarter which should improve our RASM performance there. We also continue to see domestic mainline yield increases in the second quarter but load factor was down 1.2 points which resulted in a year-over-year RASM increase of 5.2%. Were pulling down our domestic mainline capacity significantly beginning in September and expect that our RASM there will improve significantly for the third quarter. Weve seen numerous domestic fare increases attempted by the major carriers although few of them have been matched by low-cost competitors and so theyve had little practical effect. A problem that our low-cost competitors have is that theyre largely leisure customer base is quite price sensitive so they have trouble raising fares even in the face of high fuel prices. That of course bleeds over to us with respect to a large number of our domestic routes and our leisure customers but thankfully we also have a large base of business customers. We also had regional yield improvement during the second quarter. The load factors were down 1.4 points year-over-year resulting in a RASM increase of 6.4% compared to the second quarter of last year. Looking ahead to the third quarter were comfortable with the demand outlook for the next six weeks. We continue to see year-over-year yield increases throughout all regions. Consolidated domestic booked seat factor for the next six weeks is running about flat as compared to last year. Mainline Latin bookings are running 4 points to 5 points ahead of last year while TransAtlantic bookings are running about flat as compared with last year. Pacific bookings are running four points to five points behind last year but again advanced bookings for our TransPacific routes look better starting in September. For the full third quarter we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to be down about a point year-over-year. As for corporate travel trends our market intelligence shows that most companies are not significantly reducing their air travel budgets. However, weve heard that some companies are asking their companies to book trips further in advance to take advantage of lower price restricted tickets which of course will lead to a drop in the number of close-in and thus higher yielding bookings. Weve also heard theyre asking their employees to use preferred carriers to take advantage of savings through discounting agreements, to obtain higher level internal approvals for travel, and to book coach versus business class for some of their travels. This is all pretty typical behavior in a weaker economic condition. And while its good news that we arent hearing of travel budget decreases for the most part, we also arent hearing of many companies increasing their travel budgets to compensate for higher fares. So the number of trips taken will have to decrease if companies are to stay within their travel budget. As Larry mentioned we dont have a lot of data about the fourth quarter booking trends in yield yet. If domestic RASM doesnt perform as we expect it to for the fourth quarter, we may need to make further capacity reductions and we wont shy away from doing what we need to do depending of course on what the rest of the industry looks like then. Weve been focused on building our cash position so we can have the staying power that will be necessary as we go into the seasonally weaker fall and winter seasons. For the third quarter we expect mainline capacity to be flat compared to the third quarter of 2007 with mainline domestic capacity down 2.8% and mainline international capacity up 2.9%. Our third quarter international growth is mainly driven by the run rate of new markets we started last year and our Heathrow expansion this year. We expect regional capacity will be up 8.4% driven mostly by our increasing use of fuel efficient Q400 and replacing 19-seat Beechcraft with 37-seat Q200 turboprops flown by our business partners. Due to the significant domestic mainline capacity reductions we announced earlier which begin September 3, we expect our total mainline capacity including international will be down slightly for the full year 2008. For 2009 we expect our total mainline capacity including international capacity will be down 1% to 3% year-over-year with our mainline domestic capacity expected to be down between 4% and 6%. This of course assumes that we dont pull additional capacity in response to market conditions. I want to close by thanking my co-workers for all theyre doing in these tough times. Everyone is working together to make sure that Continental emerges on the other side of these problems as a profitable carrier with great service and great product. Before I turn the call over to Jeff Misner I want to join Larry in thanking Jeff for all hes done for Continental. Jeff has been a superb Chief Financial Officer. Hes a man of solid integrity and excellent judgment. Moreover, hes been a friend to many of us at Continental and we will miss him very much. With that Ill turn the call over to Jeff Misner.
Jeff Misner: As we discussed given the continued escalation in oil prices well be initially reducing our capacity beginning in September. But reducing capacity is a critical step thats only part of the story. For a pull-down to be successful you need to get the associated toss out of the system as well, and weve been working very hard doing just that. And we recognize the difficulty that many of these decisions pose and I want to thank the team for their willingness to make those tough decisions, all the while maintaining a working-together can-do kind of attitude. Our costs ex-fuel came in a little better than our guidance for the quarter mostly attributable to a long-term incentive program which is mark-to-market each month based on changes in our stock price. Excluding the impact of that program our costs came in about $7 million better than our guidance. Maintenance was a few million better than expected due to the timing of some events. Other rents, landing fees came in a couple million better primarily due to some airport credits. And depreciation and amortization also came in slightly better than we expected. As DeAnne mentioned we filed our investor update this morning which has our third quarter full-year 2008 guidance. Since the guidance is posted on our web site I wont take the time to repeat it all in my comments. As we announced earlier in the quarter we reached a new seven-year capacity purchase agreement with ExpressJet. We estimate that annual savings resulting from the revised agreement will be approximately $50 million. This is net of the effect of their reduced lease rates related to 30 aircraft ExpressJet will continue to sublease from us and also costs associated with the expected grounding of 30 regional jets returned to us. Our 2008 cost guidance incorporates the impact of these changes. As I mentioned last quarter well continue to work on eliminating inefficiencies and non-value-added costs from the system. As we previously discussed weve identified many new revenue and cost-savings initiatives and expect to realize about $100 million from these initiatives this year and expect the amount to exceed $200 million annually once fully implemented. For the third quarter 2008 we expect our consolidated CASM, thats cost per available seat mileage, excluding special items and holding fuel constant to be down about 2% year-over-year and our mainline CASM again holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items to be down about 2.5% year-over-year. For the full year 2008 excluding special items and holding fuel constant we now expect consolidated CASM to be down 0.5% to 1% and mainline CASM to be down 1% to 1.5%. Our jet fuel of course continued to set new highs during the quarter and for the same quarter consolidated fuel expense was 40% of our total cost. Youll note that the fuel was almost twice the cost of wages, salaries and related costs in the second quarter. For years weve focused on fuel efficiency in our operation but at todays prices of course its even more imperative. We continue to make improvements by retiring many of our least fuel-efficient mainline aircraft and continue in our winglet program and working on a variety of other fuel-savings initiatives. Getting non-essential weight off the aircraft continues to be a big focus. For example well begin using a lighter more durable life vest. We estimate at current fuel prices well save about $2 million a year from this action alone because of the weight savings once the fleet is fully converted. And we continue to hedge a portion of our near-term fuel needs using a combination of callers and call options in both heating oil and crude oil. Additional details on our most recent hedge position can be found in the investor update. On the capital rating front Jerry, Jack and the entire corporate finance team as well as the legal team were kept pretty busy during the quarter raising money for us. During the quarter we sold 11 million shares of Continental common stock for net proceeds of approximately $162 million. In addition we sold our remaining stake in Copa and received net proceeds of $149 million recognizing a gain of $78 million. Our co-brand bank card partner Chase approached us earlier in the year asking us to extend the term of our co-brand relationship, which we did in the second quarter. In June we received a payment of $413 million from them, $178 million of which is for certain commitments related to the co-branding agreement including the extension of the agreement through the end of 2016 and the balance is related to advance purchase of frequent flier miles. We also amended our bank card processing agreement during the quarter. The agreement extended the term of the agreement through December 2016 and modified certain covenants. Trigger levels to post additional collateral are no longer tied to a fixed charge coverage ratio. Theyre now tied to our unrestricted cash and short-term investment balance. More details regarding the amended covenants and collateral requirements can be found in our second quarter 10Q which we expect to file in the next few days. The team also closed transactions to borrow approximately $208 million under various debt agreements secured by aircraft purchase agreements in mainline jet aircraft. We received net proceeds of $173 million in the second quarter and expect to receive the remaining funds in the fourth quarter of 2008. Weve now completed financing arrangements for all aircraft delivering in 2008. In cash we ended the second quarter with $3.4 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments which excludes all student loan related option rate securities. We expect to end the third quarter between $2.8 million and $2.9 million of unrestricted cash, again excluding the option rate securities. We expect cash capital expenditures for 2008 to be $427 million net of aircraft purchase deposits paid or refunded and we have more detail on the cap ex in the investor update. The pension year-to-date weve contributed $102 million to our pension plan satisfying our required minimum contributions for the calendar year 2008. Given current market conditions we do not plan to make any additional contributions this year. Concluding, the environment continues to be very challenging. Whatever we need to make it through this challenging time, we plan to do it. The Continental team has a great track record of being nimble and responding as necessary to changes in the industry environment. We intend to return to profitability and well be working hard to make that happen. And finally, we expect that as I mentioned well file second quarter Q in the next few days. And I too want to congratulate Zane on his appointment. Zane, from now on its all yours baby. With that well turn it back to Larry.
Lawrence W. Kellner: There are many significant changes happening at Continental and in our industry. These are tough times but therell always be an airlines industry and we intend not only to survive these tough times but to come out the other side as a profitable carrier with a strong competitive position. Weve taken numerous steps to bolster our liquidity and reduce our capacity plans to better align ourselves with the current economic environment. And if additional changes are required well do whats appropriate. While were making changes to the business to cope with near-term issues, well remain focused on positioning ourselves for the long term which includes our plans to transition from SkyTeam into Star as well as continuing to maintain our culture and invest in our product. With that Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel: With that well begin the question and answer session for the analysts followed by the question and answer session for the media. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from William Greene - Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: If I can just ask a couple of questions, first on liquidity, you guys do a great job finding sources but whats left? Whats still there that we are probably not thinking about?
Gerald Laderman: As we say I think almost every quarter, we prefer not to comment on transactions until weve completed them. So suffice it to say we stay very focused on liquidity and continue to look at opportunities as they present themselves.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I guess let me just try to be a little bit more specific. So youve pre-sold some miles. Is there a lot left that you could do or did you kind of max out in that regard? And I know you dont like to say kind of what you think you could monetize, but is there any meaningful unencumbered assets or will you have to get creative from here?
Lawrence W. Kellner: Well I think two things Bill. One, I think typically we pre-sell miles I think for a brand new carrier thats typically tied to renewing a contract or an extension of the contract or else youre selling those miles at a discount which we wouldnt want to do. And so I think well always look at balancing good economic decisions, but I think the key there was that was just part of renewing the contract but clearly opportune based on the environment. Two, think with regard we have continually kept most of our assets pledged. Well always look for opportunities. Clearly the option rates are not included in the cash balance that we allude to, so weve got some assets there. Well just see how the whole option rate market continues to evolve and well always look for other creative opportunities. But I think also there was clearly a push to make sure we had a very strong balance at the end of the second quarter and I think as you see the second quarter results come out relative some others youll see were in a pretty good position.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Just one quick follow up, on business travel, Jeff Smisek, you went through some comments there and Im just curious if you think that some of the commentary that youre hearing from your corporate if thats sort of symptomatic of a coming downturn in business travel. Is there sort of an unambiguous sign that you can sort of see from past cycles where you say, Well thats actually the thing that makes us worried. Thats the thing that we watch for.?
Jeffery A. Smisek: Bill I think what we see is businesses operating in whats characterized as a generally uncertain environment. I mean some of our business customers, for example some of the financial institutions, clearly theyre under pretty tight screws on some of their travel. Others for example sitting here in Houston the gas comes up for service companies, these guys are living large and flying all around the world up front and spending money like drunken sailors. So it just depends upon the business. I think in general what were seeing are reactions to a generally weaker economic environment and businesses tightening down on their travel budgets, not so much necessarily by decreasing them because they still have to get out and have face time with clients and customers, etc., but making sure that youve got the higher level of approval authority. Some of the folks who perhaps used to be able to fly up front, they have a little more restriction on their ability to fly up front. Things like that which you see in tougher economic times.
Lawrence W. Kellner: And Bill I think that clearly you see some indicators. The problem is those indicators might have predicted 10 of the last five downturns. People are always looking for the recession where things are going down and so clearly since the beginning of the year theres been tremendous talk about the economy and a downturn and where things are. So, its one of those things that clearly its got our focus and attention but its difficult to know if this is a false alarm or a real alarm and well only see that if we see business travel unfold over the fall. But, clearly a risk.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ray Neidle  Calyon Securities.
Ray Neidle  Calyon Securities: Larry some just general questions on your outlook, the first thing is are you part of the airline movement for congressional investigation of the futures market in oil? And, if you are, whats your background on that? Whats your thinking on that?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Yes, I signed the letter that the ATA had and Im definitely part of the ATA board and part of that group. My general view is that weve got two issues here, weve got a supply issue thats not keeping up with demand and then were seeing huge volatility on a day-to-day basis. I think theres clearly a underlying supply element here weve got to address for the long term but when you see oil move $5 and $10 in a day and then move back $10 a couple of days later, yesterday at least you could tie it to supply but many of these days you cant tie it to supply. So, clearly, theres a speculative element as well as a supply element and I think wed all be better off if we could take some of the volatility out of the oil market.  Its interesting you dont see, from the supply side, lines anywhere like you saw in the mid 70s yet youve seen incredible price escalation and so clearly I think theres an element of both short term volatility driven by speculators as well as some long term supply issues and my hope is that the congress will address both of those issues.
Ray Neidle  Calyon Securities: Larry the other big picture question that keeps coming up now, consultants, politicians, the media, even a former Enron executive have been saying that maybe the industry needs to be reregulated. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Yes. I said this earlier, I think it was at the Merrill Lynch conference, if you look back at the last 30 years there hasnt been a time where Id say its been real good for customers, passengers or airline employees. Clearly, customers have gotten lower fares if you look at the adjustment but I think theres tremendous unhappiness kind of on all fronts and we need to go back. I think Id start with air traffic control system, I think Congress has failed there to really lay out the plan to get us the infrastructure we need to operate. And, we may see some drop off in that pressure again as people reduce capacity again this fall but, these are things that take a long time to do and we need to get the air traffic control system moving and fixed.  I was with Senator Rockefeller last week and hes very focused on it. I commend, hes been working very hard to try to move that effort forward but we need to get a focus in Congress I think first on air traffic control system but really to step back and look at the business. Bob Crandalls very thoughtful if you look at what hes saying. I think youre not going to have regulation like you had pre 78 but I do think we need to look at how we make the structure better and I would be very supportive of an effort to look at what changes we can make to provide a more stable environment for everybody. I think thats good for the country, I think its good for the airlines, I think it would be good for our customers, I think it would be good for our employees.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan 
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan: Im curious on the Express Jet contract, the revised contract if in addition to the cost savings youve quantified if theres any revised language that would be relevant if Continental or Express Jet were to file bankruptcy. Im still trying to quantify the risk to big Continental if Ex Jet is somehow forced to file.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I dont think theres any significant changes in the contract that relate to that. I did say that I think the changes that rather than being able to terminate with basically 12 months notice instruct to pull down this provides some stability to Express Jet. Its a seven year long term contract that while at a lower rate is closer to where the marketplace is. I also believe provide them the opportunity to add some stability to their company. Clearly, theyve made some changes outside of that contract and Ill let them comment on those. But, I just think Express Jet does a good job for us. I think this gives some stability to the situation and allows them to plan going forward knowing theyll be a partner to us for the long term. In addition, we relieved them of several restrictions that they had on how they could operate, what they could do so I think it gives some more flexibility to them in addition which will make them a stronger more viable company for the future.
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan: The way that you said closer to market though might have implied and this might not have been your intent Larry, that theyre still somewhat above average?
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think if you looked at a pure competitive bid situation we might have been able to get a rate that was somewhat lower than where we were. We dont believe, or I think Im very comfortable with that but we made a significant improvement in our rate, enough so that we were comfortable balancing that with the transition risk and the great job that Express Jet does for us. We were looking to find a solution with Express Jet. Jim worked very hard to try to find a solution. From Express Jets side, they were looking to find a solution and so I think in all cases we compromised to get to a result that I think is good for both companies and avoided a lot of disruption that could have otherwise occurred and so we were willing to spend a little bit to avoid that.
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan: And a second question, when you net any breakage costs against the move from SkyTeam to Star, any quantification as to how the overall benefits are going to compare? Im assuming you wouldnt switch teams if it wasnt P&L positive?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Its hard to quantify still models and alliances exactly how that will run. Clearly, we think its a positive once weve got the transition completed, once we get there that but I think the real positive for us is where we think it will take us long term and the partners and the ability. But, weve changed strategy as well by going in to, or proposing to go in to a JV with antitrust immunity across North Atlantic and broaden that in other areas of the world and we think that provides significant long term benefits as well. So, its both the fact that we think the alliance will provide more benefit to us and two, with the strategy changes were opening up a lot of new opportunities. Id also add that we think the cooperation we have with United, were going to look to find every opportunity we can there to create both customer benefits, make it as seamless as we can make it as well as be as efficient as we can be.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Yes, just two accounting questions, looking at your guidance when you look at the cap ex, the cash cap ex piece it looks like in the latest piece it looks like youre getting more money back in your next purchase deposit line and yet it doesnt look like theres been any change to the fleet situation. What is that? Is that something back from Boeing? Anything on that front?
Jeff Misner : The purchase deposits are obviously on the Boeing equipment and I think with the 787 delays out there, were experiencing a little bit of something different than what we might have otherwise expected to see at that point. I think its mostly attributable to that. 
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Will there be further monies coming back as a result of that later this year or in 2009?
Jeff Misner : Well, this was for the full year guidance so that takes care of year. I dont know if I know the answer to that off the top of my head Michael.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Then my second question, when you look at the guidance for the third quarter, its not that far off from what you did in the June quarter. And yet, theres a lot of ancillary initiatives that are out there. Is there upside risk to that number? Is that a conservative take on that or are the bag feels is that going to just up as another line item. Am I missing something there?
DeAnne Gabel: That can go in to other revenue line.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch: Your third quarter I think its similar to what it was in the second quarter?
Lawrence W. Kellner : Bags are just ramping that up. I dont recall the exact day of the intuitive.
DeAnne Gabel: Well, we launched in May but there was some ticket travel dates with your summer travel especially for those family vacations people but further in advance and so they booked prior to the policy changes.
Lawrence W. Kellner : Mike, I do say that I will tell you that our general philosophy is to always try to be conservative with the guidance especially in areas where we have new fees. And, I will join you in being hopeful that its better than that but thats what were comfortable with today as far as what we see as we ramp in some of these in service fees. But, were very happy with how theyre going and clearly we think theyre providing operational benefits as I alluded to in my comments and some cost savings as well as to the fees and we are on the second bag somewhat indifferent as to the fee or not having the bag checked because theyre clearly very positive operational and cost impacts to us to see a rejection in those second bags. And, people who check two bags, the second bag will be just people who are tending to just bring more and so from a weight perspective that second bag is very key to us.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Justine Fischer  Goldman Sachs. 
Justine Fischer  Goldman Sachs: The first question that I have is probably a difficult one to phrase but, your comment on ancillary revenues specifically the second bag checked was interesting because it seems as though people are checking fewer second bags so its possible that the revenues you would expect from that arent as much. But, at the same time you mentioned the cost savings to the bottom line. So, are the cost savings that youre seeing on the bottom line as much as the potential revenue benefits that you thought you would see? So, even if people arent checking as many bags theres still the net same benefit from those ancillary revenue strategies?
Lawrence W. Kellner : It will take us a little more time to get a clear grasp of that and get everybody transitioned in. But, clearly our belief in setting the fee was that the third bag fee is substantially higher than second bag fee and so theres a case where were trying to recover our marginal costs on the third bag and we also tend to bulk out the aircraft in some place both in Latin American and some domestic flights you run in to capacity issues. Clearly, weve set that second bag fee with a view that were happy if you dont check the second bag. The savings we get were okay with the fee. We were trying to find that balance. We need some more data before we can tell you we think theyre both right in synch as we get fully transitioned in and look at the impact, especially on our hub operations on connect both on mishandled bags which we are seeing our mishandled bag numbers improve significantly since we moved the second bag. But, we also have a lot of other initiatives Bill [Mian] and his team are doing just a great job bringing it in. So, its difficult to separate how much of this is some of the other initiatives on how much of this is second bag without a little more data.
Justine Fischer  Goldman Sachs: Then the next follow up question is just one more on the general state of the industry in the fourth quarter because you mentioned that youre seeing some stiff competition at last on the fare front from LCCs and so despite some actions that the largest legacy carries might take to either cut some capacity or raise some fares youre not seeing the follow through from the LCCs. So, how do you see the situation playing out if in the fourth quarter people like you and AMR are cutting capacity substantially but for example, someone like a Southwest doesnt and still undercuts fares. Does that lead to the legacy carriers saying, Never mind, we still have to go back to competing on capacity? Or, do you just cut more? How does that play out if the LCCs continue to throw a wrench if you will in the capacity reduction plans with you guys.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think while clearly you arent seeing the LCCs cut capacity at the levels that the majors are, if you look across the system whether its Southwest or Jet Blue, on a relative basis to their growth in the past, you are seeing significant capacity discipline across the industry. We are seeing an average fare as we look at fall bookings that is significantly higher than a year ago. The question is what will the demand levels be at those higher fares? Who needs to go on sale? What other actions happen in the industry? Because, this has been very different than previous downturns as youve literally seen an ATA or a Skybus go away overnight and so that can have capacity impacts on the industry as well. So, its a thing that were going to take all the action that we need to take to make sure that were not only survivors but that we come out on the other end and are profitable and have a good solid business. And its a little difficult to speculate but Id say where I disagree with your premise is that I do see the LCCs while theyre not cutting capacity clearly showing more discipline and looking at what they need to do and you see carriers like Midwest making significant reductions in their capacity. I think this is a think that well just keep an eye on and make sure that were doing what we believe is best for our shareholders and the company. I would tell you that what weve done to date is the fact that were getting rid of less fuel efficient planes that either we can sell or leases expire in relatively short term. Capacity reductions get tougher as you go forward because you dont have the fleet flexibility and in addition, weve been very focused on getting as many employee volunteers that we can get so that we can produce the impact on the operation. That also gets tougher as you go deeper so were clearly focused on trying to make sure that we get to the white level about the same time as I tell you future cuts are harder than the cuts weve done.
Jeff Misner : The one thing Justine that I would add to that is that as we have cut capacity, [inaudible] has cut capacity as the low cost competitors have dialed back their growth. That also gives us enhanced revenue management opportunities so youre going to see our yields improving as a result and thats really important as well.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: Just a quick question for Jim Compton if hes there or I guess Jeff Smisek. You talked about this shifting booking curve business travel kind of booking a little further out and the impact thats having on your yields. Im curious if, and Jeff you were just talking about enhanced revenue management, have you put in enough fences where youre confident that that changing behavior is not going to affect the ending outcome. That youre not suffering dilution from that, from that change in the booking curve, or do we still need to come further on that before you can make that statement?
Jim Compton : Yes, I think that over, as Jeff has mentioned over [inaudible] that weve seen in the past, another piece of that is a continuation to try to build up more of the fences in the segment business versus leisure and so whether its three day minimum stays or Friday night stays across, Saturday night stays, weve been pretty aggressive in that area in terms of putting those fences in. That being said, as people pre-plan and again, our sales force has continuous communication with the corporate travel partnerships that we have and they are telling us that pricing  theyre managing their budgets too so they do look for opportunities to book further out which then would say that they could hit a 14 day advance purchase fare that can have significant savings versus seven day AP for instance, and so forth.  So, I think we continue to look at it, we continue to kind of manage as Jeff made a great point that your yield increase two ways, you get yield increase by the absolute fare going up and you get yield increase by revenue managing your bucket. With capacity coming down thats a great opportunity to continue to manage your bucket that might offset some of that behavior that were seeing moving forward.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: It sounds like you think it will be modestly dilutive though with that behavior shift or is that not right?
Jim Compton : Again, its hard to speculate on that. I think Larry advised in his comments that when we talk about the fourth quarter a significant piece of that traffic it just isnt booking yet, were so far out on the booking curve. So, what we see is we see good  were comfortable with our bookings and the fare levels that we have on the books today for the fourth quarter but thats got to be correlated to more of a leisure type passenger so its a little bit early to speculate on where were going to be in terms of your question on dilution.
Lawrence W. Kellner : I think from a policy standpoint its always easy in a corporate world to change policy but as we all know in the business world flexibility and reacting to conditions is really important and so as you watch you really dont know about close end traffic declines until you see them. Go back to the spring of 2000 there was a significant drop between April and May. I will tell you, we looked back, there werent a lot of indicators that will tell you that was coming but when it happens you can clearly see it and, as I alluded to earlier, you predict that about 10 times for every five it happens and so youre just keeping your eye out to say, Look I know there some stress in the economy but I think its no different than the volatility youre seeing in the market. Monday was a pretty down day, Tuesday was a pretty down day, yesterday was a pretty good day. Were just kind of watching that but I will tell you that I do believe on close end traffic, especially from our [inaudible] insight thats why revenue management works, it is more difficult to actually execute on 14 day advance purchase simply because in many cases businesses cant plan that far in advance.
Operator:  With that well turn the call over to Ned.
Ned Walker : With that well conclude the second quarter earnings Q&A with the analysts. We appreciate everybodys time today and well see you in about three months. Thanks so much.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Ned Walker  Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications  DeAnne Gabel  Director of Investor Relations  Larry Kellner  Chairman & CEO Jeffery Smisek  President Jeff Misner  Executive Vice President & CFO Jim Compton  Executive Vice President of Marketing Gerry Laderman - Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer.  
Analysts: William Greene  Morgan Stanley Raymond Neidl  Calyon Securities Inc. Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Chase Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch  Daniel McKenzie  Credit Suisse Justine Fisher  Goldman Sachs Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint Capital
Media : Mary Schlangenstein  Bloomberg News  Richard Newman  The Record  Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle  
Operator: Welcome to Continental Airlines First Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to Ned Walker, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications, and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations.  
Ned Walker: Joining us here in Houston today, we have Larry Kellner, Continentals Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Smisek, our President and member of the Board of Directors; Jeff Misner, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jim Compton, our Executive Vice President of Marketing; Mark Moran, our Executive Vice President of Operations; and Gerry Laderman, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer.  Well open it up with some overview comments from Larry. Jeff Smisek will follow that with a review of capacity and revenue, and then Jeff Misner will look at our cost structure and balance sheet.  The timeframe that weve allocated for today is about 20 minutes for executive comments, followed with a 25-minute window for analysts comments, and then about 15 minutes for questions from the media.  With that, Ill turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel:  Earlier today we issued an update for investors with any information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the second quarter, full year 2008, and other information. This investor update was included in a filing with the SEC and can be found on our website under the Investor Relation section.    As a reminder, today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as net loss excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be located on Continentals website at continental.com under the Investor Relation section.  Our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts but reflect the companys current beliefs, expectations, or intentions regarding future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors set forth in the companys 2007 10-K and its other security filings.  With that, heres Larry. 
Larry Kellner:  Id like to start off by saying thanks to each of my over 45,000 coworkers. There have been many distractions in the marketplace, including record-setting fuel prices, speculation about industry consolidation, and general concerns about the economy. My coworkers have done a great job in not letting these concerns distract them from what they do better than anyone else in the business, delivering clean, safe, and reliable air transportation along with award winning customer service.  With that, let me recap our first quarter results. For the first quarter 2008, Continental reported a net loss of $85 million or a loss of $0.86 per diluted share, excluding a $5 million after-tax gain from the sale of aircraft. Including this gain, we reported a net loss of $80 million or a loss of $0.81 per diluted share for the quarter.  On the operational side, our team once again did a great job getting our customers to their destination by delivering a system-wide mainline segment completion factor of 98.9% for the quarter, and my coworkers continue to be recognized for their excellence.  For the fifth consecutive year, Continental was rated the top airline on FORTUNEs Annual Airline Industry List of Worlds Most Admired Companies. We also ranked Number 41 on FORTUNEs World Most Admired Companies Top 50 list which ranks companies in a wide variety of industries. Continental was the only U.S. passenger carrier on the Top 50 list.  On the product side, were continuing our efforts to deliver an even better product. During the quarter, we announced an agreement with LiveTV to offer live in-flight satellite-based television throughout the cabin on our next generation 737 fleet and on our 757-300s. We expect to begin to offer this service on domestic flights beginning in January 2009. We also expect to begin to offer Wi-Fi email and texting capabilities on those aircraft through LiveTV. Looking forward, given the challenges we face during the quarter, my coworkers delivered solid first quarter results. Our international network continues to perform well, but our domestic network continues to face the challenges of excess industry capacity and ticket prices that have not kept pace with the rising price of fuel. Unfortunately, it looks like jet fuel prices may remain at record-high levels for the foreseeable future.  In addition, we are faced with a weakening economy and therefore think that its prudent for us to reduce our domestic capacity from previously planned levels beginning this fall. We currently expect that our domestic mainline capacity will decline 5% on an annual run rate basis beginning this fall.  Were now planning to remove from service an additional 14 older less fuel efficient 737-300 aircraft as leases expire on those aircraft from September 2008 to April 2009. These 14 737-300s are in addition to the 34 737-300 and -500s that we were already planning to remove from service in 2008 and 2009. These aircraft will be replaced with more fuel efficient 737 next generation aircraft. Were taking deliver of 32 new 737s in 2008 and an additional 18 737s in 2009. Were also taking delivery of two 777s in 2009.  We also expect to reduce our regional capacity growth rate beginning this fall, although our plans there are fluid as we try to work out better economics for our regional capacity and as the CRJs flown for us by Chautauqua come off lease.  Before I turn it over to Jeff, I want to comment on what the recently announced Delta/Northwest merger may mean for Continental. The proposed Delta/Northwest will change the competitive landscape for Continental and the entire airline industry. As Ive consistently said, our preference has been to remain independent as long as the competitive landscape didnt change; however, the landscape is changing.  Were reviewing our strategic alternatives and well do what we need to do to continue our success and to remain a strong long-term competitor. We are committed to doing what is best for our coworkers, stockholders, customers, and the communities we serve.  As a result of Delta/Northwest having signed a merger agreement, we have redeemed the Golden Share that Northwest held. In light of the Delta/Northwest announcement, were also reviewing our continued participation in our alliance with Northwest, Delta, and SkyTeam. We are committed to being an important player in one of the three global alliances so that we can offer a broad global network to our customers. Despite the speculation about our future cost by this demand, as we evaluate what course of action would be in the best interest of Continental and all its stakeholders, we will not take our off what is the most important thing  running a clean, safe, and reliable airline that delivers excellent customer service and a quality product to our customers.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Jeff Smisek and Jeff Misner to discuss the quarters revenue and top performance details.
Jeffery Smisek : I join Larry in thanking the entire team for delivering better than I would have expected results considering that in the first quarter Gulf Coast jet fuel prices averaged over $118 a barrel, economic concerns continue to grow, the U.S. credit market had a meltdown, and the U.S. dollar continued to weaken. Not only did we have strong consolidated yield increases, up 7.2% year-over-year, we ran a consolidated load factor of 78.5%, down just slightly year-over-year on a capacity increase of 4.1%. Our consolidated RASM was up 7%.  In the first quarter, we grew total revenue by $391 million to a total of a $3.6 billion. That was a 12.3% growth rate. So we had solid revenue results. Unfortunately, our cost grew more than our revenues led of course by the rapid rise in fuel prices. On the good news side, demand in general continued to hold up well; however, we are beginning to see some softness in the Trans-Atlantic sector, which we believe is mainly attributable to the weak dollar. However, things are still good there, just not as good as wed expected.  In March, we began lapping some fairly strong business first yield increases from the prior year. But thanks to nice year-over-year improvement in leisure yields during the quarter, Trans-Atlantic yields were up 6.6% in the first quarter. However, we are seeing some pressure on our year-over-year Trans-Atlantic RASM going into the second quarter.  During the quarter, we saw some increased competition on our Trans-Pacific routes as both Copa and JAL added several new frequencies, which had a negative impact on Trans-Pacific load factors. But overall Pacific RASM, which includes both our Continental Micronesia Pacific routes and our Trans-Pacific routes was up 8.8% year-over-year due to increased yields which were up 12.4%.  Our Latin region continues to do and mainline Latin RASM was up 6.7% due to both increased yields and higher load factors. The Latin region is seeing some increased competition from low cost carriers which may increase pressure on RASM going forward. We also continue to see domestic mainline yield increases along with a slight improvement load factor which resulted in a year-over-year RASM improvement of 8.3%. Weve had better success with fuel surcharges offshore than we have had onshore, and our domestic business continues to lose money. Thereve been numerous attempts to increase domestic fares in recent months; however, the majority of these attempts have failed in low cost carrier markets. We estimate that about 85% of our mainline domestic revenue is exposed to low cost carrier competition, so domestic price increases that stick only in non low cost carrier type fares dont really do much for us.  We also saw strength in regional yields during the first quarter with about a half point increase in load factor, resulting in an RASM increase of 9.8% compared to the first quarter of last year.  Looking ahead to the second quarter, there are some small pockets of demand weakness in certain time periods in a few markets over the next couple months; but overall, were comfortable with the demand outlook. Consolidated domestic book seat factor for the next 6 weeks is running about a point ahead of last year.  Latin bookings are running 4 to 5 points ahead of last year. Trans-Atlantic bookings are running 1 to 2 points behind last year and Pacific bookings are running 3 to 4 points behind last year. But in the Pacific, were comfortable with the load factor versus yield tradeoff weve been receiving. Net/net for the second quarter, we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to be down about a point year-over-year.  We currently expect demand will remain solid throughout the summer. But unless the economic indicators improve dramatically, we think things are likely to get pretty tough after we get passed the peak summer travel season. Therefore, as Larry discussed, were reducing our domestic capacity more than wed earlier estimated starting in the fall.  For the second quarter, we expect mainline capacity to be up 1.5% compared to with the second quarter of 2007 with mainline domestic capacity down 3.4% and international capacity up 6.9%. Our second quarter international growth is mainly driven by the run-rate of new markets we started last year and our Heathrow expansion this year. We expect regional capacity will be up 8.7%.  For full year 2008, we expect our total mainline capacity, including international, will be up about 2% year-over-year. As Larry mentioned, we currently expect that our domestic mainline capacity will decline 5% on an annual run-rate basis with our additional capacity reduction beginning this fall. For 2009, we expect our total mainline capacity, including international capacity, will be about flat year-over-year.  We had good news at the end of the quarter as we were able to enter London Heathrow for the first time. At the end of March, we launched our largest single date international expansion in the companys history when we inaugurated twice-daily wide-body service from both our Houston and Liberty hubs to Heathrow.  Were pleased to finally be able to offer our important corporate customers the opportunity to fly up to Heathrow, which is their airport of choice in London, and we look forward to the opportunities this presents. Were pleased with our progress to date.  During the quarter, we added 6 new modern Q400 turbo props to our regional fleet and plan to end the year with 15 Q400s in service. As with any new aircraft type, weve been having some teething pains at the start. But were solving the issues, and we think the aircraft will do a terrific job for us and our customers.  The economics of the Q400 versus the regional jet are much more favorable, so were pleased to add this to our service option. Plus, given the added bonus of the Q400s performance capability, were working closely with the Newark tower to maximize the use of the 1129 cross runway which should help our overall operation in Newark.  Speaking of operational improvement, the DOT has issued a tentative order capping operations in Liberty during peak hours to 83 operations per hour. The caps are scheduled to be effective as of June 1. Well be able to grow our capacity at Liberty over time by increasing the size of the aircraft that we operate there. We hope that these caps will benefit our operations at our Liberty hub.  In closing, I want to again thank my coworkers for their great job they do every day. We wouldnt be earning the business we get without our great coworkers. Our competitors, like us, face the challenges of record-high fuel prices, increased competition, a weak dollar, and a weakening economic environment.  However, we have several advantages, not the least of which is that we have the best team in the business to help us keep our eye on whats really important, providing clean, safe, and reliable air transportation every day and returning to sustained profitability.  With that, Ill turn it over to Jeff Misner.
Jeff Misner:  As Jeff mentioned, revenue growth was strong; unfortunately, it wasnt strong enough to cover the rising cost of fuel. Skyrocketing fuel prices continue to consumer the progress weve made over the last few years in controlling our costs. Even still, I want to thank our entire team for their continued efforts to reduce costs and increase efficiency throughout the business. Its those efforts that are keeping us in the game.  As DeAnne mentioned, we filed our investor update this morning, which has our second quarter 2008 guidance. Since the guidance is posted on our website, I wont take the time to repeat it in my comments.  As mentioned, were operating in very difficult times. In addition, to reducing our mainline domestic capacity beginning this fall, were implementing another initiative that is expected to deliver approximately $200 million in annual benefits when fully implemented. This includes both cost savings as well as revenue generating initiatives. The following cost guidance reflects what we expect to achieve from the initiative in 2008, as well as the impact from the announced mainline domestic capacity reductions. For the second quarter 2008, we expect our consolidated CASM, excluding special items, and holding fuel rate constant to be down about 3% year-over-year. Our mainline CASM, again, holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items, to be down 3.5% year-over-year.  For the full year 2008, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we now expect consolidated CASM to be down about a 0.5% to 1%, and mainline CASM will be down 1% to 1.5%. At this point, we have not included in our guidance any cost savings related to our regional operations, but were actively looking for ways to achieve better economics with ExpressJet, the cost of which remains significantly over market.  As I said at the beginning, over the last few years, weve made remarkable progress towards reducing our cost structure, but were not done yet. Were committed to achieving long-term sustained profitability so well continue to look for ways to increase productivity and decrease efficiencies across all parts of our business as well as work on were to increase revenue.  On fuel, jet fuel set new highs during the quarter and currently represents a full one-third of our cost structure. Unfortunately weve experienced new highs this month as well. For years we focused on fuel efficiency in our operations, but todays prices make it even more imperative. We continue to make improvements by continuing our winglet program and working on a variety of fuel savings initiatives.  In addition, we have just signed an agreement to remove eight more of our least fuel-efficient aircraft that is the 737-500, from our fleet in 2009. We continue to hedge a portion of our near-term fuel needs, the details of which you can find in the Investor Update.  On the fleet, as Larry said, were now planning to remove from service a total of 48 older less fuel efficient 737-300 and -500 aircraft in 2008 and 2009, including the eight 737-500 I just mentioned, which are being sold to parties who will operate them outside the United States. We expect to end 2008 with 373 mainline aircraft in service and 369 service at the end of 2009.  Cash, we ended the first quarter with $2.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments, which excludes $237 million in core value student loan related auction rate securities that were reclassified from short-term to long-term investments during the quarter. We expect to end the second quarter 2008 with between $2.9 and $3 billion of unrestricted cash, again excluding the auction rate securities. This range does include some anticipated future financings including a loan facility to fund predelivery deposits for new aircraft, a refinancing of aircraft debt that matured earlier this year and other financing initiatives our corporate financing was focused on. Well provide more information about these financings as theyre finalized. In light of record high fuel prices and other challenges facing the industry, we have pulled down our cap ex plan for the year and now expect cash cap ex will be about $468 million for the year. This is slightly below the low end of our previous estimated range, and more detail on this could be found in the Investor Update. In concluding here, an environment a weakening economic outlook, a weak dollar, soaring fuel prices is not the backdrop we had originally planned on. But as our track record over the last decade shows were pretty nimble and quick to respond to current conditions. When tough decisions need to be made, we wont hesitate to make them; but we will be thoughtful and thorough to ensure that our response is appropriate.  Finally, given all the things that are going right now in the business, we expect to file our first quarter 2008 Form 10-Q by the end of this month.  With that, let me turn it back to Larry.
Larry Kellner:  There are many changes happening in our industry. As we look to the future, we want to emphasize our strengths. We have a great team of professional men and women who deliver award winning service to our customers, a strong well balanced network with an enviable position in New York as well as established hubs in Houston, Cleveland, and Guam. We also have a young fuel efficient fleet and a strong new aircraft order book. That said, the competitive landscape is changing and well do what we need to do to make sure we remain a strong long-term competitor. In closing, I want to again thank my more than 45,000 coworkers for the great job they do every day.  With that, Ill turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
DeAnne Gabel:  We are ready to begin the question-and-answer questions for the analysts followed by the question-and-answer session for the media.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from William Greene - Morgan Stanley. 
William Greene  Morgan Stanley:  Larry, can I ask you just to outline a little bit what options you have with the ExpressJet? I guess the best case would be they give you the economics you want, but I dont know sort of what outcomes weve got here and what it could mean for capacity. 
Larry Kellner:  Well, Bill, I think theres two things. One, wed like to improve our overall cost structure on our regional capacity. Two, were pretty flexible about how we do that, so I dont want to get into a detailed discussion. Id like to kind of keep that for something Continentals working on. I will tell you, ExpressJet continues to do an excellent job for us operationally. Its simple a cost issue. As fuel prices go up, we feel more pressure on that front. 
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: Yes, so I guess thats what I was kind of getting at. It seems to me that the flexibility in the contract that it affords you, gives you an opportunity of reduced regional flying which I would think would be a good thing in this fuel environment. Is that wrong? 
Larry Kellner:  Well as I said in my remarks, well continue to look at regional capacity clearly at these fuel prices. We probably need a little less of it, not a little more of it. 
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: Then when you think about the M&A side, have you had discussions with your labor groups, and what is their reaction to this?
Larry Kellner:  Well, Bill, were always pretty inclusive in our discussions. Again, Im not going to get into the details of things were not ready to talk about yet. But just know that were not going to change our culture here. Were going to continue to be very coworker focused and make sure that theyre informed once weve made a decision of kind of what were doing; or as we work through processes, well clearly work with the appropriate (inaudible).
William Greene  Morgan Stanley: All right, maybe just one detailed question last. Just one the international RASM, how much of the growth came form currency and fuel surcharge?
Jim Compton:  Bill, this is Jim. On the Trans-Atlantic side, weve recorded 2.8% RASM growth, but 2.5 of those points were related to currency, and on the Pacific side about 3.5 points. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ray Neidl - Calyon Securities. 
Raymond Neidl  Calyon Securities Inc.:  Larry, overall regardless of what Continentals position is going to be in M&A or asset acquisition, what do you see this industry looking like a year from now if oil prices do stay at $115 a barrel or even go higher? Is it going to be significant smaller do you think? 
Larry Kellner:  Yes, itll be smaller.
Raymond Neidl  Calyon Securities Inc.: The other area, back to ExpressJet, as oil prices stay very high and you say they have a high cost structure, would you consider going to other independent contractors to supply you with some of your feed, and would you go to your unions to see if you can get usage of larger RJs?
Larry Kellner:  Ray, I want to keep all the flexibility we can. So as soon as were ready to announce something, we will. I would tell you, again, I think were working primarily to figure out how on the planes ExpressJet flies for us we can do that more efficiently, make sure we find the best results candidly for ExpressJet and ourselves.
Operator:  The next question comes from Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan Chase. 
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Chase:  Larry, theres not been too much disclosure as it relates to your SkyTeam participation, particularly as it relates to what happens post Delta/Northwest. Are you a free agent in terms of exiting the alliance? Is there a plenty associated with that? Do you have to give advance notice if you choose to walk?
Larry Kellner:  Jamie, again, I want to be helpful as I can be on this call, but all Im going to say is were reviewing our continued participation with Northwest/Delta and SkyTeam and we think its important that were a major player in one of the three global alliances. 
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Chase: But in terms of whatever strings might restrain you, is it something thats even an important consideration? Youre welcome to say, Hey, Jamie, its kind of a stupid question, if thats the case. 
Larry Kellner:  I just say, Jamie, we have flexibility.
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Chase: Second, I guess for Jeff and/or Gerry. Mark Streator and I were both wondering what sort of steps you might you able to take here in order to bolster liquidity in light of what could unfortunately be a fairly substantial cash burn if fuel doesnt quickly cooperate. 
Gerald Laderman:  Jamie, we dont typically comment on financings until theyre completed. Jeff mentioned a couple were working on in the commercial bank market. As you know, the corporate finance team always has a list of things they look at, but we prefer not to be that specific until we actually move forward with some of them. 
Jamie Baker  J.P. Morgan Chase: But in the absence of a money management business and the absence of a regional subsidiary, in the absence of a Heathrow slot portfolio that you could borrow against, I mean our potential concerns misplaced in this regard or Well, Ill just leave it that.
Gerald Laderman:  Well, weve guidance for the end of the second quarter and beyond that, as you know, we focus almost every day on cash or every day on cash. Yes, it really depends on where we see fuel, where we see revenue, where we see the capital markets, but we stay very focused on both short- and long-term cash. 
Larry Kellner:  Id just add to that: if you look back, we financed this years aircraft last spring. We are always working ahead of the cash front. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch. 
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch :  In the reclassification of the auction rate securities, was there anything that ran through the P&L, or was that primarily a balance sheet move? 
Jeff Misner:  It was all balance sheet, nothing in the P&L.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch : Then just another question here: When I look at the delivery schedule for the 737-800s in 08, I think its 18, is that a new number? Was that previously 30 or was that actually changed sometime ago and I just missed it? 
Gerald Laderman:  For 2008, we still have the 30, 18 is 2009. 
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch : Oh thats thats what I meant, 2009 I think previously I thought was 30. Was that cut back?
Gerald Laderman:  Yes, we havent talked about our 2009 delivery schedule for quite some time. It may well have been the last time we talked about it that number was out there. We did disclose over the last year or so or two years a number of adjustments to the delivery schedule, so today that number is 18. 
Larry Kellner:  Mike, were taking 50 airplanes between the two years. At one point we were taking 60; however, were now taking 24 in 2010. So over the three year period, weve clearly moved around (inaudible) with Boeing up to 32 in the current, for instance, but we have 74 positions over the three-year period which is actually an increase from where we were before over the total three years. But we did decrease some in 2009 and moved some of those to 2010. 
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch : Then just lastly, historically you have been pretty good when it comes to your various facilities and the covenants. For whatever reason, and I just I probably have to go back and check this, I think your bankcard processing agreement does have a financial covenant maybe related to one of the coverages. Is that something, I think in the past youve indicated in your 10-K that you were well above that. But based on kind of where things are moving and fuel prices on current guidance, is that something that is at risk of being tripped or is that something where youre in talks with the processor and what are potential solutions? Whatever you can say on that would be helpful. 
Jeff Misner:  That facility does have some covenant (inaudible) ratios and so on. Gerry may want to jump in here, but just like cash, we watch those covenants all the time. So we do have that focus. Gerry, do you want to add anything?
Gerald Laderman:  Its disclosed in the 10-K. Weve got the fixed charge coverage ratio; weve got the cash threshold. Were well above the cash threshold. On a fixed charge coverage ratio, its something that we, its sort of rolling 12-month measurements that we just continue to look at.
Mike Linenberg  Merrill Lynch : Gerry, when you say rolling 12 months, is that something where every month its measured, or is it every quarter, or is it sort of a one-year look back?
Gerald Laderman:  Its every quarter looking back basically.
Operator:  The next question comes from Daniel McKenzie - Credit Suisse. 
Daniel McKenzie  Credit Suisse:  Im wondering if you can provide some perspective on the new capacity plan. In particular, I guess what crude price assumption was embedded in the business plan when you decided on the 5% domestic cut in capacity? 
Larry Kellner:  Danny, its tough because we know, and I think history is proving its true on this, that this months crude price doesnt necessarily have a great correlation up or down to the crude price will be in the fall. But as we looked here at a couple of months, if you look at kind of mid February to mid April, with jet fuel prices over $120 a barrel, it doesnt make sense on our older less fuel efficient 737 and 300s and 500s on the marginal routes, so many of those same routes do much better when theyre on a 737-800 or -900, so part of this is simply a transition.  Were going to take 50 planes over the two-year period, 08 and 09, and we have 48 planes coming out. The planes were taking are actually bigger gauged airplanes than the ones we have coming out. Clearly we can use some bigger gauged airplanes also to have more range more effectively into Latin America.  So I wouldnt tell you the fair environments a piece of it because its to the extent you can recover it in fares, higher oil prices are less of a challenge. When you have a soft economy, as we do domestically, youve got dollar pressures. So as you look at the whole picture, the less fuel efficient planes make less sense and were accelerating getting them out; and we did that kind of the framework of $120-plus a barrel jet fuel.
Daniel McKenzie  Credit Suisse: I guess given the weakening economy, Im just wondering what percent of your corporate travel customers are telling you they wont be able to deliver the volumes they promise at this point?
Jim Compton:  We constantly are in close talks with our corporate folks with the relationships weve built. You mentioned back in January, we talked with some in December and basically we saw growth in international relatively flat domestic corporate travel. We polled them again recently, I would say that it actually hasnt moved that much, although slightly to the downside that theyre kind of also watching the environment and a little bit softer international and both domestically, but actually better than what my expectations were. 
Jeffery Smisek:  I would also add, obviously it depends upon the corporate customer, right? Sitting here in Houston with oil and gas customers, theyre booming, so theyre traveling all over the world living large. But if youre in the financial services business, you have obviously a different outlook on life and travel for right now.
Daniel McKenzie  Credit Suisse: Just one last very quick question: Does the cost guidance include the additional cost from the newly updated bumping rule from the DOT, or is that impact now really material?
Jeff Misner:  I think thats probably immaterial.
Larry Kellner:  Im not sure its immaterial. I would tell you, one
Jeff Misner:  Well, the overall cost guidance. 
Larry Kellner:  Yes, in the overall cost guidance, its another cost that were putting more pressure on us and it came out yesterday so its not rolled into the guidance yet. 
Jeffery Smisek:  This is Jeff. I would just add that thats Its essentially another cost burden on the industry and effectively a tax on the industry at not a particularly good time. But I understand the reason for it; I understand the need and desire to change, it just comes at an unfortunate time in our business.
Operator:  The next question comes from Justin Fisher - Goldman Sachs. 
Justine Fisher  Goldman Sachs:  The first question is just about the capacity cuts that are currently going on in the industry, and you mentioned that in the markets where you have competition from LCCs its tougher to gain pricing power.  So more broadly, how permanent do you think the capacity cuts will be overall from mergers or from what you are doing independently if there are LCCs that have the ability to maybe add flights and try and take some share?
Larry Kellner:  Let me just say that LCCs have to buy fuel too and actually have seen a lot of impact in the fuel price increases. If you look, youre seen several carriers not only go bankrupt but liquidate. Youve seen Frontier go bankrupt. Sop theres pressure on the LCCs from fuel as well. I think where we see the most pressure is where were flying. Many of the LCCs are flying newer more fuel-efficient aircraft.  In fact, JetBlues entire fleet is newer more fuel-efficient aircraft. Where we see the most pressure is where were competing domestically with 737 classics versus a low cost competitor competing on a new more fuel efficient aircraft. We do better by far with our 737-800 fleet where we have the more efficient aircraft and so I think thats a piece of the challenge in getting price increases within the domestic market.  I would say that as you see older aircraft coming out, those are somewhat permanent cuts and the order books with a lack of availability of aircraft at Boeing and Airbus make it more difficult to replace that capacity in the short-term.
Justine Fisher  Goldman Sachs: Then on the international side, what do you think for the London market in particular? I know AMR reported yesterday that they are seeing some weakness in London but strength in other cities. I think that it looks like outlook for yields on Trans-Atlantic might be tough given capacity. But can you tell us, give us a bit more granularity on the particular markets, London and then versus the others? 
Jeffery Smisek:  I would say obviously were new into Heathrow, but were actually pretty pleased with the performance so far. I think that our travelers have wanted to be flying on Continental perhaps versus some other carriers into Heathrow, so were pretty comfortable with the London market, and were pretty comfortable with our performance in Heathrow to date.
Larry Kellner:  Yes, our capacity there is up and we expect in some challenges simply the fact that our capacitys up over 20% there. But I think if you frame whats happening with our expectations, we feel okay about it. 
Justine Fisher  Goldman Sachs:  The fixed charge coverage ratio, that is just in the credit card agreement or is that in your bank agreement as well? 
Jeff Misner:  Thats just in the credit card agreement. 
Justine Fisher  Goldman Sachs: Then the only covenant in the bank is just a minimum cash covenant, right? 
Gerald Laderman:  Thats correct.
Operator:  The next question comes from Frank Boroch - Bear Stearns. 
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: I was wondering if you could maybe just give us a sense, what would, if you have a ballpark figure, domestic fares, how much higher would they have had to been to make money in the first quarter? 
Jeff Misner:  Im not sure I have the number off the top of my head here. Jim, can you grab
Jim Compton:  Yes, this is Jim, Frank. Its obviously real difficult. Were in an environment that obviously with the rapid rise in fuel, what youre always doing at the macro level is managing price versus demand at elasticity and so forth. So I think its tough to put a number on that because I think the rise in the fuel has been so high and in my economic school analysis would say that elasticity is measured on small price changes. Its a little bit difficult when you have large price changes and so forth.  So I think were going to continue to work at a macro level. Weve done a number of things in terms of fencing business versus leisure, in terms of picking actually some surcharges even where alpha feeds dont, but its clearly done at a macro level. I think Jeffs comments earlier in his notes that obviously its not enough at this point given kind of the rise in fuel prices.
Larry Kellner:  Just to give you a framework, while its a hard to be super precise as you look at the whole business and domestic pieces connecting international, etcetera, its somewhere between a 5% and 10% increase in domestic fares with exactly the same traffic level wouldve gotten close to breakeven if you look at the size of our domestic network. So its not You dont need a 20% fare increase, but on the other end, you need to get to about 10 on the domestic fare side to kind of balance what weve seen here in the first quarter.
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: Given the run-ups since end of the first quarter in jet fuel, if we were to assume youre paying spot for the, during the peak summer months, do you think you can make money in the summer? 
Larry Kellner:  Well, I dont want to comment on future earnings guidance. We try to be careful not to do that, but Im more worried about the fall is the way Id answer that question.
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: In leaving M&A aside, the DOTs preliminary approval for the SkyTeam antitrust, expanded antitrust immunity, does that threaten Continentals European franchise, and is that something Continental needs to react to?
Larry Kellner:  Well we need to be an important player in a global alliance. I think two things I would emphasize there: We have flexibility and were going to review that situation, but I dont feel at the moment we dont feel threatened. We just need to make sure we do the right thing here.
Operator:  The next question comes from Bob McAdoo - Avondale Partners. 
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC:  Yes, just a couple quick ones: You made the comment that obviously excess domestic capacity is a problem. With everybody continuing to pull domestic down but continuing to add international, do you get the sense that were anywhere near the point where international capacity is going to get to that point where we have to start talking about excess international capacity with what youre doing and what Delta obviously is doing a bunch of it? Are we anywhere near that point?
Larry Kellner:  Well clearly as others add capacity and we add capacity, you get closer to that point. Theres a limit on all fronts. But by the same token, the international business is working at these fuel prices; the domestic business isnt working at this fuel prices. In the international arena, its not just the U.S. carriers, its also what impact the dollar has on travel demand, what impact the economy has, and what our foreign competitors do.  Clearly this business is getting more global; and so internally when we look internationally, we dont look just at our competitors here in the U.S. - a Delta or a Northwest or a United or an American, we also look at what the international guys  the Lufthansa, the BA, the Air France-KLMs are doing. So I think its a broader question. But if you look at today, the international business is working much better at these fuel prices than the domestic is working, which is why I think you see the adjustments on the domestic side. 
Jeffery Smisek:  The only thing I would add to that is obviously foreign point of sale works in our favor with the weak dollar, so thats a benefit that you dont have within the domestic business.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: How much of your business, your Trans-Atlantic or Trans-Pacific business or whatever, in general do you get from overseas?
Larry Kellner:  About 30%.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: About 30%. So you feel comfortable that were not anywhere near being to the point where were up against a second wall. Where we get the same kind of wall internationally, we do domestic; its still kind of working.
Larry Kellner:  Well, I think the constraint youve got is just aircraft availability. People have been growing internationally in most cases by cycling airplanes out of their fleet that they were using domestically to move them internationally and so you contracted a limit on that.  Clearly while were not happy with the 787 delay or what weve you seen, were not effected by the 380 delays, but both those delays have slowed down the availability of international wide-bodies which put some further constraints on long-term international growth, which probably makes you feel more confident about that arena is simply looking at what assets are available over the long-term.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: Just a quickie on the Q400, what kind of customer reactions are you getting from that? Are they taking that okay? I know obviously from Portland to Seattle, people use it all the time. I just wonder how theyre doing it out of Newark. Are they doing it okay ? Are they feeling comfortable with the airplane in terms of customers?
Larry Kellner:  Well, I think its always safe to say that if youre on a prop, people want to be on RJ. If youre on RJ or Q400, people want to be on 737. If youre on a 737, they want to be on a 75. If youre on a 75, they want to be on a 777. So were realistic from the customer side that every market, the larger the airplane in many cases, the better the service we can provide and the product we can provide. But I think overall were happy with Q400.  Weve had some teething pain, more from an operational side as we bring in a new fleet-type. Its got good noise canceling software on it which makes it perform better than what you think of the typical prop. But it works best in short range destination and its had some operational benefits to it in the way we use 11/29, one of the runways in Newark.
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: With the 11/29 runway issue, can you sneak in there without having your flights be counted as part of the overall lid come summer or does that going to still count as part of the lid in terms of departures?
Larry Kellner:  It still counts as part of the lid. I wouldnt say we sneak in, we just the advantages of air traffic control. Clearly because the plane flies at lower attitudes, that makes the ride in many cases a little bumpier, which is not good from a customer side. But it also makes the ATC management a lot easier. 
Bob McAdoo  Avondale Partners LLC: So the delays arent as much, but you cant really add any new flights beyond what you had before.
Larry Kellner:  No, theyre part of the cap.
Operator:  The final question comes from Bill Mastoris - Broadpoint Capital. 
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint Capital:  The 14 737-300s that you plan to go ahead and remove, and this is a question obviously for Gerry, Gerry, are those coming out of lets say one-off deals; or they coming out of EETCs; and if so, are they are concentrated in one or two? I suspect probably some of the older ones would be affected.
Gerald Laderman:  The 14 737-300s that we talked about, those are all older aircraft that were financed before the EETC vista, so there all kind of one-off leads.
Larry Kellner:  Theyre normal leads expirations; were just not going to extend the leases further on those planes.
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint Capital: Then maybe you can give us an update on finance deliveries. I know that you have really quite a few financed in 08, but maybe if you could just kind of recap that for 08 and 09 that would be greatly appreciated. 
Gerald Laderman:  Sure. The EETC we did last year covered 30 aircraft and we have the flexibility of using that money for 30 of the 35 aircraft that deliver through 08 and the first quarter of 09. Weve also been working among the financing, such as Jeff mentioned, bank financing for a couple of new deliveries as well in that same timeframe.  So its fair to say that were comfortable that all of our aircraft this year we believe are financed, and were beginning to look at next years aircraft. 
Bill Mastoris  Broadpoint Capital: Gerry, are those going to be all owned or leased or is there a breakout that youre comfortable giving us color on?
Gerald Laderman:  Well, the EETC aircraft will all be owned and so far the incremental aircraft weve been looking at financing are also going to be owned.
Ned Walker:  That concludes the analyst portion of the call and Christine, if you could go ahead and review the process for the media to ask the Q&A session here. Also like to ask everyone if they could have one question with a quick follow-up, well hopefully accommodate most of the media. 
Operator:  We will now begin the question-and-answer session for the media. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg News. 
Mary Schlangenstein  Bloomberg News :  I wanted to ask if you can be any more specific on the additional cost cutting and revenue-generating initiatives that you mention that will result in $200 million in annual benefits. Can you talk a little bit about what that might include and when you first expect to start seeing some benefits?
Jeff Misner:  Its a combination of revenue things as well as some cost cutting ideas as well. On the revenue front, some of the things that weve actually just recently announced, (inaudible) fee, would be one of those types of idea. Theres some ideas where were going to do a little bit of capacity fencing, for lack of a better term, that is kind of control capacity and allocate a little bit differently that we think will generate some incremental revenue as well. Then theres other kinds of fees and things as well, some of which are in existence that might just get adjusted and so on.  On the expense side, its relatively a long list and many, many items on that list are less than a million dollars. But some of the items, you look at the marketing and advertising and promo budgets and things and pear some of that back, somebody has ideas that we have some kitchens so well look at down streaming meals as opposed to deal with outside catering in some of the other locations, just a whole host of very small things at that nature. As you can imagine, over the last several years, we pretty well clipped off the really big exciting items and so were really kind of at that level of (inaudible) at this point.
Larry Kellner:  But, Mary, weve been pleased. Weve gotten just a tremendous amount of creativity from our employees on little things were doing that we can do a little smarter. Clearly as fuels continue to go up and they work hard to be efficient, theres an awful lot of creativity out there. So while there arent a lot of things on the cost side that really jump out and you say, Wow, thats a big number and the rewarding part of that, as Jeff mentioned, is that wouldve hoped weve gotten that earlier. There are a lot of smart things that while theyre smaller, and its really a huge team effort with everybody working together to make sure that we deliver a quality product to our customer and at the same time be just as efficient as we can. Were looking at everything we throw away. Were watching everything we do to say, How can we be as smart as possible? 
Jeffery Smisek:  Just to add that, were very focused on making sure that we maintain the integrity of our product. Youre not going to see us get rid of meals at meal time, things like that that are competitors have done. Were very focused on making sure were going to continue to deliver our customers a great product that theyre used to getting from Continental.
Operator:  The next question comes from Richard Newman from The Record. 
Richard Newman  The Record :  I wanted to ask you about at Newark, if you could share anything about which finance, which business sectors, what theyre saying about their travel demands going forward, particularly financial and pharmaceutical companies in the New Jersey/New York City area?
Jim Compton:  As we kind of talk to our corporate travel partners that we work with, we talk to them on a continuing basis, I think were seeing some of As I mentioned earlier, as we continually poll them on the trend, were seeing some concern with the economy, although less than what we wouldve expected. As Jeff mentioned in his comments, I think the financial service markets were watching very closely and seeing some softness there. But really overall, were seeing people kind of saying about what theyve said in December to slightly lower.
Richard Newman  The Record : About what they said in December or slightly lower as far as demand goes?
Jim Compton :  Yes, focused on kind of a financial service companies.
Richard Newman  The Record : One other thing, it was mentioned that Continental may benefit from the flight caps in Newark. How are you going to benefit from the flight caps in Newark?
Jeffery Smisek:  This is Jeff. I was talking about the operational benefits. Newark has traditionally been a very delayed airport because of the air space and the very crowded space and the operational caps limiting the number of flight operations in Newark should result in fewer delays, which will be a great benefit to our customers and candidly a benefit to us as well because delays inconvenience passengers and candidly delays cost us money as well.  Its nothing that we do want to be delays. We want to run an on-time airline. We want to make sure that passengers arrive. We want to make sure passengers connect to their connecting opportunity flights, so its something we hope will be really beneficial for us in Newark. 
Larry Kellner:  I would add to that, tough, that from the operational side, which I fully agree with and we worked with FAA on that, it was painful because we had to eliminate as we looked at summer several scheduled flights out of the schedule because of the caps. So theres always that balance between satisfying demand and kind of keeping the operational integrity.  But clearly if you look at last summers experience, I commend the people of the FAA for the work they did on it and the Department of Transportation to try to find a solution to a very difficult issue with regard to what happened to capacity last summer. But I wouldnt underestimate that it was painful for us in the sense that we had to remove flights from the schedule that we had submitted in the original schedule for next summer, especially in certain peak hours so that we could fit within the caps.
Richard Newman  The Record : Can you mention which flights?
Larry Kellner:  Again, what we tried to do is take flights Theres always better times a days that other times a day to run flights and so you hate having to move a flight that you wanted to run at 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m., but the caps force you to do that. 
Operator:  The final question from the media comes from Bill Hensel from the Houston Chronicle.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle : I wanted to ask a couple things. One is: Youve mentioned on the turbo props that youve had, two of you mentioned, teething pains. Can you be more specific on what kind of problems youve encountered?
Larry Kellner:  This is just kind of from the sense, Bill, of any time we start up a new aircraft and were going to make we do it right whether you get into delivery delays or procedures, things dont always work perfectly in a sense of what you write down in the plan on a sheet of paper. So as we go through that process, I think everybodys working hard, but its a new aircraft to our system and this is a business that focuses first and foremost on safety and well always continue to do that. So the result of that is theres cancellations and delays that you prefer not to have because youre not going to go until you know youre ready to go and thats a common situation with any new aircraft. 
Jim Compton:  Some of the areas were as simple as we just add a little more block time in the schedule because of the fees and the way the aircraft is being routed into the airport and some things like that just to make sure we keep the same on-time integrity.
Jeffery Smisek:  Thats Mark Moran, our Senior or Executive VP of Operations.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle : Also wanted to ask whether in regard to fuel have you been able to find anything that you do differently to save money or to make it more efficient whether its just the way its managed or the ways its delivered, anything like that that you could share?
Larry Kellner:  No. Bill, we mentioned were going to do a biofuels test flight in coordination with Boeing and GE next year. But in the sense, we have a very solid fuel management group, this is Larry, and well continue to look for every enhancement we can find in that process. But theres nothing We pipeline straight to the gate in most cases, for instance, in Air Continental and actually have an underground fueling system. Its a very efficient process. Its just a very expensive product. 
Jeffery Smisek:  Bill, if you could find any of the oil companies here in Houston want to give us a discount, wed like to talk to them.
Ned Walker:  Thank you, everyone for joining us on our first quarter conference call. Id like to thank Larry, Jeff, Jeff, Jim, Mark, Gerry, and DeAnne. With that, well conclude the earnings call for the first quarter and well talk with everyone in about three months. Thanks so much.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Ned Walker - SVP of Corporate Communications  DeAnne Gabel - Director of IR  Larry Kellner - Chairman & CEO  Jeff Smisek - President  Jeff Misner - EVP & CFO  Jim Compton - EVP, Marketing
Analysts: William Greene - Morgan Stanley  Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities  Chris Hussey - Goldman Sachs  Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers James Higgins  Soleil Securities Andy Compart  Travel Weekly Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle Chris Ritter - Reuters Liz Fedor - Minneapolis Star Tribune David Jonas - Pro-Media Travel David Koenig - Associated Press
Operator: Welcome to the Continental Airlines Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded, Thursday, January 17 of 2008. I would like to turn the conference over to Ned Walker, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations. First, Mr. Walker, sir, you may begin.
Ned Walker: Good morning and welcome everyone. Joining us in Houston today, we have Larry Kellner, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Smisek, our President and member of the Board of Directors. Jeff Misner, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, also Jim Compton, our Executive Vice President of Marketing, Mark Moran, Executive Vice President of Operations, and Gerry Laderman, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. Today will be the same as we usually do, Larry will first have the industry and corporate overview. Jeff Smisek then will come in and review Continentals capacity in revenue and then Jeff Misner will join us and look over our cost structure in the balance sheet. We have allocated the first twenty minutes for executive comments followed by 25 minutes for questions from the analysts and then an additional 15 minutes for media questions. Format is the same as we have used in the past. If you have one question and a quick follow up question, we should be able to accommodate most of everyone. With that, I will turn it over to DeAnne.
DeAnne Gabel: As announced yesterday, Continental will record a special non-cash tax charge in the fourth quarter, but has not finalized the amount given the technical nature of the issue. As a result, today the company is presenting its pre-tax results. By mid-February, Continental will finalize the computation of a special non-cash tax charge, and will report its net results in the company's Form 10-K. Earlier today, we issued an updated for investors presenting information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the first quarter or full year 2008. This investor update was included in our filing with the SEC and can be found on our website under the Investor Relations section. Let me give you the usual reminder today that we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures such as pre-tax income excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures to be discussed can be located on Continental's website at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect the company's current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. Our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors set forth in the company's 2006-10-K, and as well as securities filing. With that, let us get started and turn it over to Larry.
Larry Kellner: To those of you on the call, good morning and thanks for joining us. As I have often stated, my co-workers are the backbone of our success and I want to star off by thanking them for the dedication and team work, which resulted in Continental reporting a pre-tax profit for the full year as well as for the fourth quarter of 2007. As a result of our 2007 financial performance, I am pleased to say that on this upcoming Valentines Day, we will distribute a record of $158 million of profit sharing to our co-workers. That is $47 million more than we distributed last year. On behalf of the entire management team, I want to thank my co-workers for a job well done. For the full year 2007, on a pre-tax basis, we recorded income of $566 million or $542 million excluding previously announced special items. A large improvement over last year. For the Fourth Quarter 2007, excluding special items, Continental reported pre-tax income of $24 million. Our first Fourth Quarter pre-tax profit for the year 2000. including special items, we reported a Fourth Quarter pre-tax profit of $71 million. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $63 million excluding net special items or $80 million including the items. This is our largest Fourth Quarter operating income in more than five years. Considering the fuel price increases cost us more than $200 million over last years Fourth Quarter, I am especially pleased with our results. They were achieved by combining strong revenue growth with a continued focus on increasing our efficiency throughout the business and other cost producing initiatives. In addition to solid financial results, the team once again did a great job delivering consistent operational performance. For the full year, we averaged a record of 81.7 mainline load factor on a year-over-year capacity increase of 5.6%. And our monthly DOT on time performance ranked within the top half of the major network tiers in ten of the twelve months in 2007. This strong operational performance earned my co-workers $33 million or $755.00 each in on-time incentive payments during 2007. When you combine the on-time incentives, my co-workers will receive $191 million incentive payments for their excellent performance in 2007. Looking at 2008, there had been numerous reports that the US is on the cusp of an economic recession. We are watching our future bookings closely and do not be slowed down based on our current booking levels. We did see some softness in bookings over the holiday period. This softness may have been caused by slowing economy or could have been due to how the holiday spell with Christmas and New Years falling on a Tuesday, however, we are pleased with the strength of our bookings over the last ten days, and again, do not see a slow down based on our current booking levels. Regarding the airline sector specifically, as you know, the level of on whether it is about potential industry consolidation has increased. As you might suspect, we have been asked a few times about what the consolidation are. We are obviously following developments closely. As I have said before, we have talked to a lot of people in the industry and we readily analyzed the risk and rewards of potential business combinations involving Continental as well as the effect of the business combinations among our competitors could have on us. We believe that our competitive position continues to improve, first, I have got great co-workers who enjoy coming to work and take great pride in providing clean, safe and reliable air transportation everyday. That results in a strong product which we continue to enhance. From a network perspective, our competitive position also continues to improve. For example, we will now have access to London, Heathrow which has previously been denied. We are expanding growth markets like China and India with the addition of Mumbai last fall and Shanghai in 209/ In addition, in spite of the recent DOT announcement regarding voluntary flight gaps at Liberty, we can expand our capacity there by replacing regional jets with mainland aircraft and a cruising aircraft size on our current mainland flights. We have a a modern fuel efficient fleet a time when fuel prices made that matter a great deal. So we have got the best new aircraft order book among the major network carriers at a time when Boeing and AirBus are pretty much sold out of new airplanes for several years. In addition to our powerhouse set at Liberty, we have a large modern hub in Houston where many companies in the local economy actually benefit from high fuel prices. We have been investing in both Liberty and Houston over the years and so we are well positioned for strategic growth. We also have the highest percentage of our capacity dedicated in international flying of the major network carriers who will continue that profitable international growth strategy. However, as I have said, we continue to watch developments closely. Our overall position remains the same. We have a strong plan should the industry remain as it is and should the landscape change, we will always act in the best long-term interest of our shareholders, our co-workers, our customers and the communities we serve. Before I close, I want to add that we join Boeing in being disappointed about further delays in the 787 program that they announced yesterday. Boeing is a great partner to Continental, and they are not focused on just delivering a plane, but rather, they are focused on delivering a great plane. When it makes its arrival, the 787 is destined to be a game-changer. And its impact on global aviation is going to be significant for decades to come. As we get information on the extent of the delay, we will make appropriate adjustments to enable us to continue to develop our international network. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Smisek and Jeff Misner to discuss the quarters revenue and cost performance details.
Jeff Smisek: We had a great year in 2007 and I want to thank all my co-workers for delivering superb results. We once again had solid top line growth. In 2007, we grew a total revenue by more than a billion dollars to $14.2 billion. That was an 8.4% growth rate, almost double our capacity growth rate. We even had a very good top line growth in the seasonally weaker fourth quarter, with total revenue increasing 11.6% to more than $3.5 billion. During the quarter, mainline RASM was up 6.9% year-over-year driven by a yield increase of 7.6% as the mainline load factor decreased 0.5 point year-over-year to 79.7%. We continue to see year-over-year yield improvement in all our international regions and we saw some nice improvements in the mainline as well, which were up 6.9% year-over-year. During the fourth quarter, we also saw strength in regional yield which were up 9.7% driving regional RASM up 9.8% load factor or about flat year-over-year at 77.3%. Throughout 2007, our team did a great job managing our inventory, pricing our product competitively and taking actions to more appropriately segment business and leisure travelers such as re-instituting the Saturday-night stay requirement in certain markets, all with the result of maximizing our revenue. And of course, you do not get paid if you do not complete the mission. Despite several major winter storms in the mid-west and the Northeast during the quarter, our team delivered a system-wide mainline segment completion factor of 99.2%. Looking ahead to the first quarter, demand throughout all regions remain strong and yields continue to run higher than last year as we have been able to recapture a portion of the rising cost of fuel through increased fares or higher fuel surcharge. Importantly, to be able to do this without experiencing any material drop-off in demand, we are comfortable with our forward bookings over the next six weeks. Consolidated domestic bookings for the next six weeks are running one to two points ahead of last year. The Latin bookings are about two points ahead of last year. Both trans-Atlantic and Pacific bookings over the next six weeks are running slightly behind last year, however, we expect much of this gap will narrow by the end of the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect both our consolidated and mainline load factors to become about half a point year-over-year. With regards to corporate travel specifically, we have not seen a slow down in demand. In early December 2007, we met with approximately 50 of our top corporate accounts and they have generally indicated to us that they expected their international travel would be up slightly versus 2007 and that their domestic travel would be about the same level this 2007. We continue to be encouraged by the average ticket price growth on continental.com, our lowest cost distribution channel. During the fourth quarter, the average ticket price sold on continental.com was 18.3% year-over-year and fourth quarter sailed on and kind of coming up to 19.6% year-over-year. In addition, just last week, we set a new seven-days sales record of $82.7 million on continental.com. On the capacity front, we expect first quarter consolidated capacity to be up 4.1% compared with the first quarter of 2007 with consolidated domestic capacity down 0.2% and consolidated international capacity up 10%. Our first quarter international growth is mainly driven by the run rate of new markets we started last year. For the full year 2008, we expect to grow mainline capacity 2% to 3% and expect mainline domestic capacity will be down slightly year-over-year. For the full year, about half of our international growth will be attributable to the run rate of new market added in 2007, we also plan to up-gauge and add frequency to a number of our routes to Latin America this year. We will continue to execute our long-term growth plan with a focus on international expansion while maintaining our flexibility to react to a changing environment. Access to London, Heathrow has been on our most wanted list ever since Larry and I came to Continental almost 13 years ago, and we are pleased to begin offering service to Heathrow from both our Houston and Liberty hubs at the end of March. We are also pleased that DOT is taking action to place voluntary caps on aircraft operations at Liberty and JFK. These caps should help our operations in the New York area which has been the most congested air space in the nation. We will be able to grow our capacity at Liberty as Larry mentioned over time by up-gauging the size of aircraft we operate there. In closing, I want to again thank my co-workers for the great job they did on the fourth quarter and throughout all of 2007. On Valentines Day, I look forward to participating with all of my fellow officers in distributing a hundred dollars of profit sharing to our well-deserving co-workers. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Misner.
Jeff Misner: Thank you for joining us this morning. As Larry and Jeff said, 2007 ended up being a great year and we are really happy with the results, particularly given a difficult fuel and operating environment we faced. We are also pleased to post the pre-tax profit for the fourth quarter in the face of a hundred dollar plus per barrel of jet fuel. Additionally, as Jeff mentioned, our team did a great job on the revenue side and I congratulate them, but I also want to add my complements to the team for delivering on the cost side. They did a terrific job as well. The profits went up today as the direct result of the commitment of our entire team to our company, our shareholders and our customers. As DeAnne mentioned, we filed our investor updates this morning, which has our first quarter 2008 guidance. Since the guidance is posted on our website, I will not take the time repeat it all in my comment. However, for the first quarter of 2008, we expect mainline CASM excluding holding fuel rate constant to be up about half a percent year-over year. For the full year 2008, we are targeting consolidated mainline CASM excluding specialized holding fuel rate constant to be down slightly. We continue to work at improving our cost structure and we have taken a lot of cost out of the system over the last few years, but that does not mean we are going to sit back and relax. Last year, in addition to taking advantage of many small, but meaningful opportunities, we also made significant improvements in some maintenance and technology contracts, which we expect together with several smaller initiatives, will save us more than $100 million annually while we get them all fully implemented. Looking forward, we will continue to focus on distribution cost and regional flying as well as continue to scour our cost for other opportunities. For the $14 billion cost structure, we can always find something to improve on and we will continue to work hard to lower our unit cost without sacrificing our operational integrity or our product. Unfortunately, it seems like every corner we discussed the rising cost of fuel and unfortunately, this quarter is no exception, but we cannot control the cost of fuel, we can continue our efforts to increase our fuel efficiency. We will achieve some efficiency gains just by replacing some of our older less fuel efficient 737-500 aircrafts with new more fuel efficient 737-800 and 900 ERF aircraft to be delivered throughout 2008. To give you an example just how meaningful this can be, if you compare our 737-800 fleet to an MD-80 fleet or a DC-9 fleet, and you assume a thousand mile stage lane, our 737-800 burns an average of 5.8 gallons less per seat than MD-80 and 14.6 gallons less per seat of DC-9. At $2.50 per gallon, that means for an MD-80, you have to have $14.00 more of revenue for every seat on the plane. And that every seat, whether or not they are sold and for that you have to generate $36.00 more in revenue for every seat on the plane that is just to cover the extra fuel cost versus our 737-800. And if you cross an entire fleet, the numbers add up pretty quickly. In addition to the fuel efficiency of our fleet, our fuel taskforce continues to look for better ways to run the airline and reduce fuel burn to more efficient operations wherever possible. And we continue to hedge a portion of our near-term fueling in 2007, we recognize the fuel hedge gains are more than $51 million and you can find the details of our current hedge position in the investor update. From the fleet as we announced last year, we have entered into agreement to sell 15-owned 737-500 aircrafts. Three of which exited the fleet in 2007. The remaining 12 are scheduled to exit the fleet by the end of this year 2008. And during the fourth quarter, we entered into an agreement to terminate the leases on five additional 737-500 aircrafts which will be sold. These aircrafts are also scheduled to exit the fleet by the end of 2008. The 737-500 is the least fuel efficient, highest standard aircraft that we operate that makes good sense in this environment to take advantage of the opportunity to sell them. These 737-500 exits begin with the retirement of one 737-300 and a 32 new aircraft deliveries that Larry mentioned will bring us to the mainline fleet count of 379 by yearend, up 14 aircrafts by the end of the year. Now, briefly turning to cash flow, we ended 2007 with $2.8 billion of unrestricted cash in short term investments and expect the end of the first quarter of 2008 with between $2.8 billion and $2.9 billion of unrestricted cash. In our investment update that we filed this morning, we noted a range of capital expenditures for 2008. While some our CapEx is related to projects we have committed to, we also have other projects which can be deferred. As reflected in the range given at $538 million to $688 million of CapEx. Should economic conditions warm, we will scale back our capital expenditures and can do that without materially impacting our operations. In addition, we noted in the investor update that total debt in capital lease principal payments are estimated to be $652 million in 2008. However, there is approximately $200 million of aircraft debt during this year that we expect to be able to finance. Similarly, while we currently plan to contribute $257 million to our defined benefit pension plans for 2008, we do have the flexibility to fund only $140 million for the year, and still meet our minimum funding requirements, and last week, we contributed $60 million for 2008 funding requirements. We will always have more work ahead. We are very pleased with our progress. Our past investments are a clearly paying off, our facilities are world-class and are strategically located to support our globally well-balanced international network. Our product continues to gain attention as being the best in the industry and most importantly, our people are without a doubt, the best in the business. All of these efforts clearly are producing industry leading results that are evidenced by our fourth quarter and full year results. We will continue to make smart investments to ensure our continued success for the future of our shareholders and employees and satisfaction of our customers. Finally, we expect to file our 2007 Form 10-K next month. With that, I will turn it back to Larry.
Larry Kellner: 2008 can prove to be a year of many changes. And as I have said before, just like we have always done, we will act in the best long-term interest of all of our stakeholders. In addition, because it is important not to lose sight of the basics of our business, we will continue to focus on providing clean, safe and reliable air transportation and get better than our competitors. My co-workers make sure we do that everyday, and I want to again thank them for all they do. With that, I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin the QA.
DeAnne Gabel: With that, we will open the Question and Answer session for the analyst, followed by the Question and Answer session for the media.
Operator: (Operator instructions.) Our first question comes from William Greene from Morgan Stanley. William, please go ahead.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I am wondering if you can talk to us, are there any reasons why you would not be able to stay in the Sky Team alliance or in your domestic co-chair when the Delta and Northwest merger were announced?
Larry Kellner: I think if we would look at it, we will watch how the industry unfolds and always look for kind of what is the best positioning for us. We are very happy with our relationship in the Sky Team and where we are. We have got good partners. We are in that alliance with Delta and Northwestern and the Sky Team as well. So I do not want to speculate with where all the future would go, but I would tell you we are happy with where we are. That is a grouping up here that is all in the Sky Team today.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: No, is there something in the agreements that sort of prohibit you from staying in the event of a change of control?
Larry Kellner: All of those agreements are confidential, Bill, so I do not want to comment on the details of our agreements with the Sky Team period.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Can I ask just a couple of revenue questions? When you go into Heathrow, should we assume that it will be either a drag or eventually, I assume some sort of step up in the trans-Atlantic yields, but when we think about first quarter and second quarter modeling, will that have a noticeable effect, I do not it not too late for first quarter effect, but I do not know about second.
Larry Kellner: Yes, clearly, if you look at the first quarter, we do not start until March 30 on arrival there. So it is not going to have any impact on the first quarter. We are adding capacity. We will go to pre-flight so if you look fee levels, we will stay pretty close because we have not used to for instance, from Houston 2-777s, but we use 2-76s and a 777 from Houston and then we use 2-75s in Gatwick from New Ark. There will clearly be some transition there. I could not tell you right now whether it would be positive or it would be a slight fix while we are still up there, typically in a new markets running capacity, we would expect the little pull up in the second quarter, but Heathrow is a little unique so we will just work with that as we get there.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay, just lastly, the holiday shift? How much on average does that affect RASM in a quarter?
Larry Kellner: You are talking about?
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: The Easter shift?
Jim Compton: In fact, it is a relatively small number. During the holidays, obviously with the Tuesday that it fell in; comments is that a lot of traffic moved into January with that Tuesday and kind of that week pulling off more leisure in the past. In terms of Easter going forward, I think that you will see a little of it obviously moving into March in the first quarter domestically. I think, internationally, sometimes it is a shift from the Easter holiday internationally will actually keep it out into April, so I would say it is a net positive Easter moving into March.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for your help.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Neidl from Caylon Securities. Ray, please go ahead.
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Just to clarify the tax charge for the fourth quarter, I noticed in your guidance that you are going to be booking taxes about 36% going forward, even though most of it is non-cash, in the fourth quarter this year, that tax charge, should we consider that a one time charge or should we consider that as a normal EPS type of charge if that is the case, I calculated, you made about $0.22 for the quarter.
Jeff Misner: The fourth quarter charge is a one time charge as we explained. Kind of related to some changes in the law with respect to the policy of retirements and so on, so that is kind of a one time charge. Going forward, we will be booking taxes normally as we have done in the past years ago.
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that. The other thing is, Larry, if you could just clarify for us the golden bullet that Northwest has. When officially does that terminate? What state does the Delta-Northwest negotiations for merger have to go to before that bullet is terminated, which leaves you free to pursue your own course?
Larry Kellner: Ray, the golden share, we have a couple of options, it does not terminate, we actually just have the right to repurchase it for I believe six months going forward from there so that the trigger would be definitive documents. It is not the confirmation of the merger we need it to be definitive documents and they would have had to announce the definitive deal before we have the right to redeem the golden share.
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: And what cost would that be to Continental to redeem it?
Larry Kellner: A hundred dollars.
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry from Goldman Sachs. Robert, please go ahead.
Chris Hussey - Goldman Sachs: This is actually Chris filling in for Rob. Just wanted to dig a little deeper on the international demands on recognizing your commentary that corporate demand is holding up nicely and both factors are up nicely. If we can dig into the trans-Atlantic and Pacific, you did comment that load factors are down slightly. Is that just a function of getting more aggressive on yield or is there is any clause that perhaps, we are coming to an inflection point considering that trans-Atlantic spend?
Jim Compton: As we mentioned in the update, we are basically seeing load factors that are down a bit. We think we will close that gap and we are very happy with the yield trade off that we have out there as the strength in the yield that we saw in the fourth quarter. We do not see anything breaking away from that as we look forward in the first quarter.
Chris Hussey - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough and then Jeff perhaps on the cost opportunities that you alluded for 2008, you mentioned distribution, you mentioned the most expenses, could you just perhaps flush that out a little bit more detail with a little more granularity?
Jeff Misner: I mean, in the distribution side, we are of course pursuing the kind of new things to appropriately channel, and so we think there are still some opportunities in that particular area. On the regional side, we are looking at opportunities with Express Jet to see if we can make some enhancements to the contract there, and so we will kind of work those issues as we go forward, we really do not have enough on that. And just across the whole spectrum of cost, there is a number of things that you can do in terms of trying to gain more efficiencies where there is use of technology or other methodologies, and then also, as the company kind of continues to evolve, what was important yesterday may not be as important today and we may have new focus and new things that we want to focus on and so, one of the key is I think, continue to work the cost side, as you start on new opportunities and others become less important, you need to kind of weed those cost up for those other things that are no longer currently as important and sometimes, they have a tendency to kind of get set into place and they are in there and you have to drag them out and get rid of them a little bit, so there is opportunity to that nature as well, so there is just a whole host of things that we can look at and we will continue to do. We have got a lot of metrics that we measure all different departments by and we will kind of continue to learn those and those kind of drive towards efficiencies.
Chris Hussey - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Our next questions comes from Mike Linenberg from Merrill Lynch. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Two questions, the first is, I look at your week count. It looks like for yearend 08 versus yearend 07, you are up about 4%, and that is your mainline fleet, you have indicated that your mainline capacity is going to be up 2% to 3%, and when I look at the airplanes that are coming in and the planes that are going out, it looks like that the planes that are coming in are like 50% larger with these larger 737-800 and 900s coming in, are you getting there because we are looking at the rate on your mainline fleet in 2008 or are you maybe anticipating additional 737-300s or maybe other aircraft that are older coming out the fleet this year?
Jim Compton: There is a combination factors. A bit of it is utilization and a bit of it is timing of the aircrafts coming in and aircrafts departing, and there is a little bit work that is still being done and exactly how the schedule is going to shake out, given some of the activity in the northeast border with cap and so on, so we are kind of still working our way through that, but I think there is a little bit on the utilization side and a little bit timing of the deliveries and exits.
Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then just my second question, and maybe I will throw this at you and Jeff as well, in the September 10-Q, it was indicated that you would be spending potentially up to $130 million for slots that he said that your service pattern, it appears you got some pretty good slots there, early arrival and decent time of departure, I think there was a report out there that you may have paid as much as $60 million for a single slot pair, ultimately what you paid, how does that reconcile to the $130? Did you get up to the $130, or was the CapEx number bigger than that? Any color on that front?
Jim Compton: I cannot really go into the specifics of what we paid in the individual slot, but I think our commentary earlier was that at that point, that is what we kind of committed to, but I think, in the current year, it is reflected in our CapEx, the numbers that we have provided you so the amount that we are paying is kind of out there, buried I guess in the CapEx, but we cannot really talk in terms of the specifics on any particular pair of slot.
Larry Kellner: I would add that we are happy where we ended up. We are very positive both in London and to the network on a long-term basis. It was a lot of work, but it was important to us to be well positioned, both in Houston and in Liberty and we think we accomplished that result at a price that was in the same line when we went to the Board originally kind of thinking here is the authorizations we needed and we are able to accomplish that in line with our Board authorizations.
Larry Kellner: And Mike, if you anybody who has got anymore slots for sale, please give us a call.
Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Well that was going to be my next question, you are obviously still in the market looking for additional slots.
Larry Kellner: We will look to build our pattern in Heathrow over time. We think there is significant demand from New York to Heathrow. I think if you look at our competitors schedule, you will see that we will still have some opportunities there.
Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great and nice job this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from J.P. Morgan.
Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan: Jeff, I am under the impression, United might be for sale and they have some Heathrow slots if that helps you out. My real question is a follow up regarding the recent meeting with your top 50 corporate accounts, I am curious, roughly what percentage of revenue they might account for and what industries they are bias to. I am curious for example, how large a role of financial service firms might play in that top 50?
Jeff Misner: Well, my recollection, I had sit in a portion of the meeting and my recollection is that it was a pretty broad range of corporate customers. There were obviously large representatives from large pharmaceutical companies that we deal with located in New Jersey and the northeast. Some obviously oil and gas companies here at Houston that is really a broad range. I do not recollect the distribution in terms of financial services firms that were represented, and I can imagine with all of the fallouts from sub prime mortgages and all that is going on with the financial service firms right now, everybody else has cut back that they might well be adjusted to travel.
Larry Kellner: And we can also add that while there is a small percentage if you look at our total revenue across the system, they are much more important when you look at international business first which is the key driver of what we do and so we tend to look at them as a key group, not so much as the percentage of total revenues, but what they drive on our international network and front.
Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan: Well, and for what it is worth, I do not want to take attention away from Continental. I was frankly surprised that after renewing corporate travel policies for this year, my employer did not make any substantive changes as it relates to air travel, so for what that is worth, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie from Credit Suisse. Dan, please go ahead.
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: How much of a benefit if any did Continental get from the New York airspace redesign in the fourth quarter, and I guess, I am just wondering if that is factored into your cost outlook looking ahead?
Larry Kellner: It started late in the quarter, Dan, and I think it will be very hard to measure because if it is a multi-year process to implement that airspace redesign and the pieces that are started are merely giving us a little ability to vector candidly, we would probably and again, hard to measure the revenue impact, but I can tell you it is a good operational impact and we commend Secretary Peters and the President for opening the military air space. We used that both over Thanksgiving for many flights as well as over the Christmas Holiday for many flights and it gave us another alternative because since it was announced in advance, we could plan for it and that was probably a larger impact to the quarter, but I think when you get to individual operational improvements like that, it is very difficult in a one off-bases to have any certainty in measuring a number that we want to put out there, but I can tell you the military airspace was positive and the airspace redesign on a long term basis will be positive for us and so we are happy to move it forward.
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just following up on an earlier fleet question, it looks like Continental is giving back CRJs this year. I am just wondering if you can provide some perspective on what is driving that and whether that is a good run rate going forward?
Jeff Misner: Yes, some of the CRJs that we operate, we will go ahead and have those removed. We are basically, every year 145 is kind of financial, remove the CRJs and of course they are offset a little bit by some people and hundreds of things that we have coming in as well.
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Lehman Brothers. Gary, please go ahead.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: As you look at the first quarter, at least the way we have it. The easiest revenue comparisons industry wide, I do not know that this is necessarily true for Continental, but the easiest comps industry-wide for revenue are in the first quarter, can you just give us a little more color around how your outlook that you say is strong, is it strictly in your context that you think the momentum will continue there or is it you feel like some of the yield gains that you have been able to achieve in the back half of 2007 will carry into 08 and you will still be able to get those flat load factors that we are talking about.
Jim Compton: I think it is important towards your second point that I think that what we are doing in the year of 07, there was momentum in the pricing environment, as well also the capacity and so I think that momentum actually carries not just in the first quarter, but actually gets considerably accomplished and moved through the year.
Larry Kellner: I would point out that we have actually, in the past, we tried very hard to give us much revenue guidance as we can, but further out you go in the year, we have found historically, it is just tougher and tougher for us internally or for you to predict simply because we are good at what we can see in the bookings, so our comments today are some things that you can see through yesterday and we will get a little smarter about how much of the fuel, what impact that has as we go forward in RASM and other areas as we go through the year, but we found it even internally difficult to see far out just because so much of the bookings are currently at 30 days and specifically a lot of high value bookings for the last 30 days.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: But Larry, I mean, it sounds like the strength that you are referring to is not just a function of the fact that you think that first quarter last year was a low point and easy comp, is that a fair way to restate what you just said.
Larry Kellner: I think that is it fair to say, I want to stick to where I was which was, we feel comfortable that while you see lots of reports of an economic slow down, as we look in our bookings, we feel comfortable with our booking levels as of today and I would tell you, we are not doing that at the expense of yields today, so we feel comfortable about our outlook from where we stand and we will keep watching everyday, I can assure you as I have mentioned in my comments that over the holidays, we did see some softness and we paid attention to it, looking back, I believe that had more to do with the Christmas and New Years thing in the middle of the week on a Tuesday that it did with the slowing economy, but we will never know, we just did see some softness, but that has come back here over the last ten days.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: And Larry, could I ask you just one question too, and then I will let you back to the beach party you were apparently trying to start there, on consolidation, I have heard you talked about this in the past and I think I understand what you are saying, could you just give us a framework for how you are going to think about it, I mean, Continental is not a large airline now relative to some of your competitors, you get better revenue, you are happy with the performance I have heard you say that, so I have to assume that in viewing a shifting landscape, a change in the relative size of Continental is not by itself an important factor for you, is that fair and then could you just sort of take us to how you are going to think about it, and what it is that you are going to look at to determine if doing anything at all is appropriate for Continental?
Larry Kellner: I think there are two things, one I would disagree somewhat with you, if you do pay attention to the relative size, and I think we would have some concern. We have been working very hard over the last ten years to improve our relative position. We do have excellent hubs in New York and Houston and we have got a hub in Cleveland. We have got a good operation at Guam, but relative size is important in the network business and so I think we would pay attention to our relative size and we are going to watch this. What we see going out in the marketplace, there are lots of speculation in the press and we are just going to have to watch the market as we go forward and watch what our competitors do and watch what we believe our competitors are going to do and make what we believe are the best decisions for us. I cannot tell you because there are so many alternatives and I would just point out to give you a flavor for that. Jeff Misner and John Reiny probably have dozens of models, I can assure you the others are taking a 19% stake and Jet Blue was not one of them, and so there are always surprises in this business, we will keep our eyes on it. We will keep looking forward. If we see something or hear something, we will not hesitate to act aggressively and at the same time, we have got an excellent franchise. I have got great co-workers and we like our position as the industry stands today, but I suspect that if you look forward things will change whether they will change the consolidation part or change because of fuel prices, we will see and we will work to find the best solution for them. It is difficult to speculate because there are so many alternatives.
Gary Chase  Lehman Brothers: Okay, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Higgins from Soleil Security. James, please go ahead.
James Higgins  Soleil Securities: A couple of question, could you give us some color on the strength in your regional RASM in the fourth quarter, where it came from, it really seems to be surging relative to what has been the case earlier in the year.
Jim Compton: Regional RASM, Jim?
James Higgins  Soleil Securities: Yes. Just where you saw the strength.
Jim Compton: In terms of the regional capacity, Jim, we saw a good strength in New York Liberty partly due to a couple of things, two things. One, some of the things had just moved again to grow with the 190 down in New York and so forth as far as comparable comps. In addition, secondly we have been pretty focused on managing the revenue across the system, but also in New York particularly with some of the fences that Jeff alluded to in his comment. So whether if Karen and I stay, three-day minimum stay, the whole point being that we are business of segmentation and the adaptability of the segment of the business versus leisure calls us to optimize the revenue. A lot of that came in particularly in New York where we have that overlap with the regional capacity. We also saw strength obviously in Houston also. It has also begun to also move some of those fences into the marketplace also.
James Higgins  Soleil Securities: Great. You have a very good international business product but you lack something that increasingly your competitors are going to, which is the full flat business-class seat. I wonder how you are going to compete going into Heathrow with that current seat and wonder if you have any plans to change it?
Larry Kellner: One I would tell you at the meeting Jeff Smisek mentioned earlier with our Continental corporate customers. We got two clear messages. One may like a lie-flat seat; two, they did not want to pay anymore for it and they were very clear about the fact that if we were taking seats off the airplane to get a lie-flat seat and expecting to recover that in the fair that was not a good assumption and so as we roll out the 787, announce something with regard to our new international business. We are not ready to do that today. We understand both the demands from the marketplace to continually take that product up a notch, but we also are listening to our customers who have been very clear to us that there is a balancing factor on price and ultimately we have an obligation to our shareholders, to our co-workers and to everybody else to make sure we have business model that works. And so we will make some changes as we roll out the 787 and we intend to roll that through our fleet, but we are not ready to announce today and I think like lie-flat is a great product. But much like the CD old three class cabins going away where everybody used to have a great first class, a business class that look like domestic first and then a coach product. Actually, what we have got in his mini request for today is something that is cheaper than business first, but better than coach and from an operational perspective we will try to find the right balance because we do not want to get back and then try to operate a free class product.
James Higgins  Soleil Securities: Sounds like a good idea. And then finally, Southwest is talking a lot about technology called RNP, Required Navigation Performance, which they are saying they think can take several minutes off of their flights. Obviously, you are a longer hull carrier and so the impact might be less because it is all about approach and departure. Is that something that you have looked in and is that something you have given any thought to?
Mark Moran: We are working several initiatives with FAA and air traffic on enhancements with RNM and RNP. We have some efforts. We are working on Guam right now, GLS and we will continue to work through these initiatives.
Larry Kellner: Jim, the upside for us is while we are a longer hull carrier and we fly the heavily congested airspace in New York, we can get some benefits there, they could be significant.
James Higgins  Soleil Securities: We think so. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our last question comes from Frank Boroch, from Bear Stearns, Frank please go ahead.
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: Good morning, Larry this question is for you. If you had a blank slate today and could establish in parts of the country aside from you are currently are, where would you want to be?
Larry Kellner: Well, I think as you look at our network, I am going to answer, Frank that a little bit more broadly, we view ourselves as having three things we need to improve. One was we have not had access to Heathrow, which is huge for our corporate customers. That will get fixed in late March, not to the full extent, we want to a little, we will sure be off to a good start. We have not gone to the trans-Pacific service at our 25-787 on order, we will do a lot to help us to fill that gap and increase our trans-Pacific service. We continue to be weak on the West Coast, more south, though I will tell you that the domestic business is not the most profitable thing today. We would be happy to get our domestic system back to break even and so we would be careful about domestic expansion, but if we have a weakness in out network it is more south on the West Coast.
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: I am just sure thinking about the flight caps in the Northeast. What would it takes for you guys to take to the recognize, slotted at New Ark as an asset on your books.
Larry Kellner: Since you addressed this to him or me, I will let him answer the accounting side, but I think that typically, where you put slots on your book it would be like Heathrow where we buy them. And, so I think, if you ended with a slot situation in New Ark, you would not put any thing on our books, because we are already in that position today.
Jeff Misner: We recognize these right now already. These voluntary caps.
Jeff Smisnek: I mean, unless we are paying for something then we will have that.
Frank Boroch  Bear Stearns: Okay great, thanks, guys.
Ned Walker: If you could review the Question and Answer process and once again for the journalists, if we could have one question, a quick follow-up. We should be able to accommodate many people as possible.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) Our first question from Andy Compart from Travel Weekly. Andy, please go ahead.
Andy Compart  Travel Weekly: I was just wondering if you could tell me about what level your free-surcharges are at now internationally and if you have one domestically. If you give any sense that is offsetting the fuel cost increase.
Jim Compton: It is hard to answer that in the simple way, because surcharges are so different across the system. Obviously, high in the internationally given the length and so forth, and they are also different geographically and internationally also. In the domestic, there is kind of base line right now and again it is a little bit more difficult, because the fuel surcharges on some fares, but it is not all fares. But, generally, it is $10.00 one in a way in US, kind of general sense, because it is a difficult flight because, light pricing over time, they tend to kind be more focused, move somewhat fluid, depending on competition and so forth.
Andy Compart  Travel Weekly: Can you say what the range is internationally or are you allowed or able to say how much revenue are you and specifically from the fuel surcharges themselves?
Tim Compton: Anywhere from $50.00, in certain countries $100.00, one-way in other countries.
Andy Compart  Travel Weekly: Can you separate what the revenue is from the surcharge itself?
Tim Compton: No.
Andy Compart  Travel Weekly: Okay, so you cannot say how much of the fuel increase or fuel cost that is offsetting.
Tim Compton: Yes, we do not look at it that way, obviously we are managing towards this higher fuel costs, but at the end of the day it is kind of a price point that is out.
Andy Compart  Travel Weekly: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein, from Bloomberg News. Mary please go ahead.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: Earlier, you were talking about the delay on the 787s, and you said that down the road you must be considering what you might need to make. Can you be more specific, in terms of what you might have to consider, do you expect delays in your deliveries at this point?
Larry Kellner: Yes, we expect our first plane is scheduled originally for March of 2009. We do not expect that plane to arrive in March of 2009 if it is going to be a safe assumption based on what Boeing said. We have three planes coming up in to 2009 and we are adding China in the spring of 2009. Clearly, that will make a great tough summer force in 2009, as we are going to have to take the planes to fly China or something else, likely, as we get a little more color we will be able to adjust that and explain where we are heading, but clearly we will have some challenges for the summer of 2009.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: Do you anticipate that you might alter your order to some extent?
Larry Kellner: I am not going to comment on future orders.
Mary Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Hensel from the Houston Chronicle. Bill, please go ahead.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle: I wanted to ask, you guys mentioned that you are going to be adding frequencies to Latin America. Could you expand on that a little bit?
Jeff Misner: We are taking delivery this year of 32 new generation 737 aircraft, 800 and 900 ARs, and we will be flying a number of those aircraft into Latin America. We will be increasing frequency in some markets and we will look to add some other markets as well. We are not in a position announce the decision of that right now, but that is where some of those aircraft will go to.
Jim Compton: One, we have already loaded it. It was just pointed. We have gone two times in Panama and we are looking at some frequency in Managua and Guatemala.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle: You say you have already done Panama?
Jim Compton: Yes.
Bill Hensel  Houston Chronicle: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Ritter from Reuters. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Ritter - Reuters: I have a follow-up question I guess on the 787 delay. You said it is going to make for a tough summer for you in 2009 and because of the delay, is there any option to get some compensation from Boeing for the delay in terms of either money back on the planes or in terms of better pricing on future orders, anything like that.
Larry Kellner: Chris I will just give you the general answer. The Boeing is a great partner to us and we will work with them on a long term basis. I do not want to get into our contracts specifically with Boeing, but we will have some challenges in the short term. We recognize those and we will work through those with Boeing for the long term.
Chris Ritter - Reuters: Okay, alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Liz Fedor from Minneapolis Star Tribune. Liz, please go ahead.
Liz Fedor - Minneapolis Star Tribune: Good morning. I am sitting just a few miles away from where I know that golden share is sitting in a safe and so if you would like to elaborate anymore on how you feel that place with the consolidation realignment, I would be interested in that. But in particular Mr. Kellner, you indicated earlier in the call you said we are following developments closely. We believe that our competitive position continues to improve, so I am not getting a signal that you are eager to jump into this consolidation game right now. There are others who have laid out very specifically what their principles of consolidation are. Could you say, is it your preference to remain a stand alone carrier that you will only get in this consolidation game if it starts to unfold? If you could elaborate on any of those issues.
Larry Kellner: Let me just try to answer that and hearing your question and clarifying what I have said for you. We do believe we are very well positioned today and I think we have been pretty clear that we believe our path as an independent carrier if the industry remains as it is puts us in a good position. However, we know that things may change. The golden share does add some complexity to our situation and so if Northwest were to be merging with someone and that golden share was not in play that would change the nature of some of the restrictions on us and would also have changed the fact that the interest would be changing. So you have two facts coming together at once. We need to look at what was happening, where that was and what we thought that meant for us for the future. I think in analyzing those facts before we would be able to comment beyond that. There are so many scenarios and I want to be careful not to speculate but at the same time those who I am talking, my co-workers or were talking to investors or talking to media, it is clear we are paying attention to it and we are going to do what we think is in the best long term interest of our stakeholders. But any speculation on individual situation is difficult. But clearly in the case of Northwest, were they to be involved in a transaction and where the golden share then become redeemable because that would change our circumstances and we need to address that change condition and at that point, address what specifics we then knew and how we are going to respond to them.
Liz Fedor - Minneapolis Star Tribune: Have you had any conversations with any one representing Northwest, regarding the golden share in recent weeks, whether it is a representative or a Northwest executive?
Larry Kellner: The lawyers are waiving me off there, so I am just going to leave that question as a question.
Liz Fedor - Minneapolis Star Tribune: Would they prefer to answer the question?
Larry Kellner: No, I think they prefer we do not comment.
Jim Misner: Do you have another question?
Liz Fedor - Minneapolis Star Tribune: No, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question- is from David Jonas from Pro-Media Travel. David, please go ahead.
David Jonas Pro-Media Travel: Just a little thing, you folks could a little bit more about the paperless boarding pass pilot and how that came about and any prospects for expanding that either in Houston or at other airports.
Larry Kellner: We have been working closely with the TSA. The TSA has the level of security for them, knowing that the boarding pass is a genuine boarding pass. It is very convenient for our customer, especially customers, who are traveling on a return segment of their travel, where they may not have easy access to a printer. They can simply get that bar code on their PDA and use it, not only to get their security, but to check-in, to actually board our aircraft, as well as the gate. We are working with TSA. Right now, we have expanded it, we expect it to be in Boston, also in DC and in New Ark, and we expect that the rollout over the next couple of months, it is just a matter of coordinating with the TSA. I think that you will see that program grow; we believe it will be adapted by other carriers and hopefully, there will be one day where there never will be again any kind of paper in the boarding process.
David Jonas from Pro-Media Travel: Okay, great thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from David Koenig from Associated Press. David, please go ahead.
David Koenig - Associated Press: Okay, thanks. I had a question about the 787s, I think you probably said what you are going to say there, real simple, why did you bail out this week on the $50.00 fuel surcharge?
Jim Compton: The chronology of price increase and surcharge are always interesting. We initially went in on the surcharge. We actually went in a much more broader than the initial surcharge increase that United put in. We constantly monitor the competitive situation and as we saw people coming-in, in a much more limited basis, we actually took the opportunity to refuse our filing of that broad-based and go in at a smaller base. So at the end of the day, actually on Tuesday, we were one of the last one in about 35,000 shares on that surcharge as with Northwest. So, all those things, again it is again all fluid. Carriers come in at different points in the process and we are making an independent decision of what is right for us and as we went through that process, we have adapted it and changed the surcharge. At the end of the day, it was not competitively out there.
David Koenig - Associated Press: Okay, so the other folks were wheedling away at the surcharge underneath your feet, basically and you had to do what you did?
Jim Compton: Yes, we actually have been obviously doing a lot of things in the revenue, if you go back to the summer of 06 or even this past summer. We are much broader in surcharge in the system versus the competition. As I mentioned earlier, we actually have surcharges on fare price with other carriers, and told him it is just the fluid process that we are trying to optimize our revenue at a very micro level and a lot of moving pieces with increases like that.
David Koenig - Associated Press: Thanks.
Ned Walker: That concludes the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Financial results briefing. I want to thank, Larry, Jeff, Jeff, Jim, Mark, Jerry for your participation and especially the participation of everyone on the telephone. We will go ahead and conclude at this time and see every one back in April. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating, you may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 10:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ned Walker - SVP of Corporate Communications   DeAnne Gabel - Director of IR   Larry Kellner - Chairman & CEO   Jeff Smisek - President   Jeff Misner - EVP & CFO   Jim Compton - EVP, Marketing 
Analysts: William Greene - Morgan Stanley   Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs   Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities   Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch   Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse   Frank Boroch - Bear Stearns   Bill Mastoris - Bank of New York   Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Continental Airlines' Second Quarter 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder, this conference call is being webcast and recorded Thursday July 19th, 2007. I would like to turn the call over to Ned Walker, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and DeAnne Gabel, Director of Investor Relations.  First, Mr. Walker. Sir, you may begin. 
Ned Walker: Thank you very much, Tatiana, and welcome everyone. Joining us here in Houston today we have Larry Kellner, our Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer, as well as Jeff Smisek, our President and member of the Board of Directors. Also Jeff Misner, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Compton, our Executive Vice President of Marketing, Mark Moran, our Executive Vice President of Operations and Gerry Laderman, our Senior Vice President and Treasurer.  The format is similar to what we've done in previous earnings calls. Larry will have a broad overview comments on the industry as well as Continental. Jeff Smisek then will follow-up with capacity and revenue review, followed by Jeff Misner who will look at the cost structure and the balance sheet.  We've allocated about 20 minutes for the executive comments followed by 25 minutes for analysts' questions and after that 15 minutes for the media questions. Once again, we ask everyone if they can have one question with a quick follow-up, that way we can accommodate people as much as possible.  With that, I'll turn it over to DeAnne. 
DeAnne Gabel: Thanks, Ned. Earlier today, we issued an update for investors with any information relating to our financial and operational outlook for the third quarter and full year 2007 and other information. This investor update was included in a filing with the SEC and can be found on our website under the Investor Relations section.  Today we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures, such as net income excluding special items. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures to be discussed can be located on Continental's website at continental.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, our discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that are not limited to historical facts but reflect the company's current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. Our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For examples of such risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors set forth in this company's 2006-10-K, and as well as securities filing.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Larry. 
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Ned and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us. First off, I want to thank my entire team of more than 45,000 co-workers. They're the backbone of our success, and they've done a tremendous job overcoming the daily challenges of running an airline and maintaining consistently reliable operation. Once again, they've pulled together to deliver solid results, achieving the largest second quarter pre-tax profit the company has posted since 2000.  I know that the high-low factors we've been running and the continuous weather issues add to the daily challenges, but I admire my co-workers' tireless commitment to customer service and quality. I'm proud to work with the most professional men and women in the business.  For the second quarter, Continental reported net income of $235 million, or profit of $2.10 per diluted share excluding special items, which is a 13% improvement over the same period last year. Including special charges, we reported a net income of $228 million, or a profit of $2.03 per diluted share for the quarter. As a result of our financial performance, I'm pleased to say that through June 30th, we've accrued $92 million for profit-sharing this year, which is a $32 million improvement over the same six month period last year.  The actual amount of profit-sharing to be distributed to co-workers next February depends on the company's full year 2007 financial results. But our goal is to stand at even bigger profit-sharing checks than we did this past February. My co-workers also earn $10 million in cash incentives during the quarter for finishing first in on-time monthly performance among the major network carriers in June and for finishing in the top three major network carriers in both April and May. Once again, we've shown when we work together, we win together.  In addition to improved financial results, the team set new operational records. We posted a record second quarter consolidated load factor of 83.2%, half a point higher than the records set last year. We're also making strides in demonstrating our commitment to the global environment. During the quarter, we announced a relationship with Sustainable Travel International, to offer customers the option of participate in a Carbon Offsetting Program. Proceeds from the purchased offsets will be invested into high impact sustainable environmental projects.  In addition, we continue to work on making our fleet more fuel efficient. During the quarter, work continued on our project to install winglets on 37 of our 737-500s and 11 of our long-range 737-300s. We expect to have winglets installed on more than 200 aircraft by the end of the year. We will itself reduce fuel consumptions and emissions by up to 5% by reducing drag and increasing aerodynamic efficiency.  Looking forward, as many of you know, we're operating at a tough domestic revenue environment. We've decided to scale back our growth plans for next year and now expect to grow mainline capacity 3% to 4% rather than the previous target of 5% to 7%. Our long-term plan beyond 2008 remains to grow mainline capacity an average of 5% to 7% annually. But as we've stated before, in some years that growth may be more and others may be less.  We will continue to execute our international growth plan. I'm sure many of you watched the unveiling of Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner. This will be one of the most technologically advanced customer pleasing planes ever built. And we're competitively well positioned with 25 firm orders and options for many more. We're excited to add the 787 to our fleet beginning in 2009 and think it'll be a gain-changing aircraft with which to broaden our international footprint.  Before I close I have a few comments about the competitive environment. A lot is happening. Open skies with the EU brings both opportunities and challenges. Continental will for the first time have access to London Heathrow, while likely facing increased competition across the Atlantic and the prospect of additional European consolidation. Meanwhile in the U.S., new low-cost carriers are entering the market and existing low-cost carriers are growing. We expect the domestic market environment, although bolstered by strong summer demand, to continue to experience soft yields.  Finally, we're challenged by high energy prices. West Texas intermediates at over $75 a barrel and jet fuel is over $90 a barrel. As a results of all these, the competitive environment is changing, and we'll be responsive to that change. We have the best people and the best product in the industry and have a modern fuel-efficient fleet with 89 new Boeing aircraft on firm order including 25 Boeing 787 Dreamliners. We also have the only powerhouse hub in the New York area, and here in Houston our hub at Bush Intercontinental serves as a premier gateway to Latin America.  With that I'll call the call over to Jeff Smisek and Jeff Misner to discuss the quarter's revenue and cost performance details. 
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Larry. I join Larry in thanking the entire Continental team for doing a great job this quarter. During the past three months we faced many challenges across our system, as summer storms caused delays and record heat made it tough to work on the ramp and in some of our shops. But the team did a great job maintaining the integrity of our operations and providing the high quality of service our customers expect. Thanks to all my co-workers for the superb job they do everyday.  The tough weather hurt our second quarter on-time performance however, I'm proud of our team for delivering a systemwide mainline segment completion factor of 99.4% during the quarter despite the bad weather. We know that while customers don't like to be late, they like it even less if we cancel and they're unable to get to their desired destination. So kudos to our entire team for being committed to getting the job done and getting our customers where they want to go.  During the quarter we once again achieved good top-line growth with passenger revenue increasing 5.2% to $3.4 billion. As a result of record load factors and increased international yields, consolidated passenger revenue per available seat mile for the quarter increased to 0.5% year-over-year despite pressure on domestic yields and our reduction in regional flying.  In the second quarter, both domestic and international demand were strong, and we achieved a new record for second quarter consolidated load factor. Although we saw good mainline RASM results in June, we're hesitant about celebrating a domestic recovery quite yet, as we continue to see yield pressures in the domestic region.  Although there's been some recent domestic capacity reductions announced, we estimate that low cost carriers will put more than 25 additional aircraft in the domestic service during the second half of the year. We're doing what we can to drive our domestic yields up, such as our $7 domestic fuel surcharge, being selective about the sale fares we match and careful revenue management.  These efforts do make a difference at the margin but as an industry we've not been as successful as we were last year in increasing domestic fares to keep pace with the rising cost of fuel. It's also been a disappointment to see the level of industry fare selectivity that we've seen in this, the peak summer season.  Looking at our domestic system on a hub-by-hub consolidated basis for the second quarter, in Newark and Houston we have small capacity increases with load factors about flat. Cleveland load factors were down about 1.5 points year-over-year on capacity growth of 11%. For its O&G size, Cleveland has always been underdeveloped, and with some of the recent capacity decreases by our competitors in nearby hubs, we've got the opportunity now to begin to right size in the Cleveland market.  While domestic yields in general were down year-over-year in the second quarter, a considerable amount of the yield pressure was concentrated in our domestic markets out of the northeast. Our domestic network is an integral part of our system that provides our customers the connecting opportunities that help make our international market successful.  So we want to maintain a healthy balance between our domestic and international capacity and thus plan to grow our consolidated domestic capacity 2.8% this year. However, we are being responsive to the current domestic revenue environment, and as Larry mentioned, we are scaling back our mainline growth plans for next year. Substantially all of that reduction will be in the domestic system.  Looking forward to the third quarter, we expect overall demand to remain strong with our mainline load factor up year-over-year to between 84% and 85% and with our regional load factor also coming in higher at between 80% and 81%. We expect third quarter consolidated capacity to be up about 3.5% with consolidated domestic capacity up 2.1% and consolidated international capacity 5.3%. Even with our expected reduction in mainline capacity growth to between 3% and 4% in 2008, we'll continue to execute on our growth plan with a focus on international expansion, while maintaining our flexibility to react to a changing environment.  From a strategic perspective on the revenue side earlier this month, we entered into comprehensive alliance with Kingfisher Airlines, one of the fastest growing airlines in India. This alliance gives us frequent flier and airport lounge access reciprocity and future coach sharing providing better service to customers who travel between the U.S. and India and transfer between the two carriers. This relationship will compliment our existing service to Delhi and our new service to Mumbai, which is scheduled to start on October 1 of this year pending government approval.  Additionally, in June, we entered into a strategic relationship with China Southern Airlines for frequent flier and airport lounge access reciprocity and extensive coach sharing providing better service to customers who travel between the U.S. and China and transfer between the two carriers. And earlier this week we applied for service between New York and Shanghai for 2009 under the recently expanded bilateral agreement between the United States and China.  In closing, I again want to thank my co-workers for the great job they did this quarter. Our plan is working and yielding good results and we remain focused on returning to sustained profitability. We're going to continue to execute on our plan but will also be responsive to the changing environment. Regardless of what the future holds or what challenges must be overcome, as we work together we'll continue to win together. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Misner. 
Jeff Misner: Thanks, Jeff, and again thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Well despite all of our weather and ATC operational challenges, we're pretty pleased with our second quarter results. Revenue came in a bit stronger than we initially expected, and we continue to work the cost side of the ledger. I'd like to also join Larry and Jeff in saying thanks to all of our employees for a job well done. As DeAnne mentioned, because we thought it would be helpful to our investor community, we did file our investor update this morning which we used to file after the call. The update contains our third quarter full year '07 guidance, so I won't repeat a lot of the details in my comments.  So on the cost side, on a year-over-year basis, the increase in same quarter costs was primarily attributable to increased flying, higher maintenance costs and increase in profit-sharing and other variable compensation. Our second quarter mainline costs per available seat mile, is CASM, on a GAAP basis, increased $0.09 on 1% year-over-year. Excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, mainline CASM was up 1.5% year-over-year, which was a little better than our guidance.  Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect our mainline CASM, again including special items and holding fuel rate constant, to be up about 3% year-over-year. As I mentioned last quarter, throughout 2007, we'll continue to see pressure on the maintenance line as our fleet ages and a larger number of heavy checks are needed. We also have some program escalations in our aircraft maintenance contracts but we are working on a couple of initiatives to offset some of these increases and hope to have some of those initiatives in place by year end.  We'll also see some increase in the wage and benefit line due to increased volume variable pay and our 2% compensation increase for all work groups that agreed to reductions in 2005 which went into effect earlier this month. Our cost pressures will be partially offset by improvements in our regional jet economics as we complete the transition of part of our regional flying to Chautauqua. Larry mentioned our current plan to scale back mainline growth a bit next year. That of course will put some additional pressure on CASM but we think it's the right thing to do in the current environment.  As I mentioned earlier, we'll keep working on the cost side, but we're not going to sacrifice our operational integrity just to save a buck. We're going to continue to invest in our product and in tools that help us do our jobs better including in investing in our people which means continuing to have sufficient staffing. As has been adequately demonstrated by some of our competitors lately, you can tighten things only so much from a staffing perspective before it ends up costing you more than you save.  On the fuel side, high fuel costs continue to plague the industry. During the quarter, Gulf Coast jet spot prices averaged $86.19 per barrel and they've continued to climb. Yesterday jet fuel spot price closed at $90.41 per barrel. To match higher fuel prices we're going to continue with our fuel hedging program. And as of yesterday, we've hedged approximately 34% and 13% of our projected fuel requirements for the third and fourth quarters respectively using general cost collared contracts. You'll find a lot more detail on our hedge position in the Investor Update.  In the third quarter, we expect fuel prices to average about $2.26 per gallon which includes taxes and the estimated impact of our hedges. For the unhedged portion of our third quarter fuel requirements, we're assuming an average cost per barrel for crude oil of $73.08 based on the forward curve as of July 10, with jet price for being $18 for July and $20 for August and September. Now as we said before, our best hedge is that we have the most fuel efficient fleet of any U.S. network carrier.  For the fleet earlier this month, we made some adjustments to our fleet plan as part of our continuing efforts to optimize our operations. Anticipated change in our fleet plan in the near term includes selling 10 Boeing 737-800 aircraft to Transaero. These aircraft are scheduled to be removed from the fleet from October 2007 through November 2008. We are also in discussions for the sale of five more Boeing 737-500 aircraft which would be removed from our fleet before the end of 2008. Additionally, we accelerated the delivery of three Boeing 737-900 ER aircraft from 2009 to 2008 to bring our total deliveries for new Boeing aircraft in 2008 to 33. I may have misstated that. I might have said 757-300s. What I meant is all those 10 and the additional five are 737-500 aircraft.  Briefly looking at the balance sheet, we entered the second quarter with $3.18 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments and expect to be in the third quarter with $2.8 to $2.9 billion of unrestricted cash. We'll provide you second quarter debt balances in the 10-Q which we expect to file later today. With respect to our defined benefit pension plans, we've contributed a total of $211 million to our pension plan so far this year and expect our total contributions during 2007 to total over $325 million. This significantly exceeds our estimated minimum funding requirement of $187 million for this year. Taking care of our obligations to employees is a defining part of our culture, and we'll continue to work hard to secure their future.  In conclusion, we continue to face cost pressures both on an absolute basis, as well as on a relative basis, because a number of our peers have been able to drastically cut their cost structures through bankruptcy process. But we'll keep our discipline, and we'll continue to work on efficiency and productivity gains to help offset some of the pressure. You can find the investor update we discussed that we filed this morning detailing our forward-looking guidance just discussed, including GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, in the Investor Relations section of our website. And as I mentioned, later today we'll file our second quarter Form 10-Q. With that, I'll turn the call back to Larry. 
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Jeff and Jeff. We're pleased with the results of this quarter but remain focused on the road ahead. There will always be challenges but I have confidence that my co-workers will make the best of every situation. We have the right people, the right product, the right fleet and the right facilities to meet the challenges ahead as we work together to continue to deliver the high quality products our customers expect. Once again I want to say thank you to my co-workers for the contributions they make to the business everyday. Together we look forward to delivering more good results in the future. With that, I'll turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A. 
 DeAnne Gabel: Thank you, gentlemen. With that, we'll begin the question-and-answer session for the analysts, followed by the Q&A for the media. Tatiana, if you could please review the Q&A process, we'll be ready to begin. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question come from William Greene from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Hi. With regard to the growth rate cut in capacity for next year, how much flexibility do you have to move it down and the five other aircraft that you might sell, is that already included in this or might that be additional? 
Larry Kellner: This is Larry. We have estimated, yeah, that those five aircraft are out in our fleet plan to the 3% to 4% expected growth rate assumes that the 15 737-500s exit between the end of this year and through almost to next year. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: And do you have flexibility to drive it lower if you needed to or is that of all we can do at this point? 
Larry Kellner: No. We've cranked since 9/11 the utilization of the fleet quite a bit. And clearly our plans based on a pretty strong utilization of the fleet that we have. We always have some flexibility if the market conditions change to take that utilization down. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And how should we think about the balance sheet impact of those sales? Or is it going to affect the cash balances very significantly? 
Larry Kellner: We believe that it will be slight positive cash. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But they're mostly all leveraged so there is no doubt. 
Larry Kellner: There is data on all the aircraft. We believe it will be a slight positive. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just lastly were there any one-time items here in the quarter related to weather or the northwest issues or what not that you can talk about or add color on that might have affected either RASM or some of the expense categories? 
Larry Kellner: Its hard to tell. June came out a little better than I thought it would at the beginning of the month and as far to tell how much of that Dallas had a tremendous amount of weather. But as we are having this call weve got the rain beating against the window here in Houston. Weve had our share of weather here in Huston. Also its hard to net it out and say put a number on it. But clearly June performed pretty well for us. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So we'll just sort of have to go with that it would  
Larry Kellner: Yeah. Its just part of our 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Is it a material or you can't net it out? 
Larry Kellner: Yeah. Within the net of our weather negatives were offset by anything we picked up from anybody else's weather or operational problems or it was just a stronger market. In my sense looking at July it was just a little stronger market. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for your help. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Barry from Goldman-Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys, good morning. 
Larry Kellner: Good morning. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to follow-up on the growth question and I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on your logic for doing it, and to what extent it has to do with your a stance in the past about not feeding any market share to certain competitors? 
Larry Kellner: It doesn't tie our market share comments. We have no change in our willingness to see market share, for instance, in the New York market. What it does tie to is the fact that there is a good market on a global basis for small narrow bodies 737-500, once regional jets came in had been our toughest fleet type and so we had the opportunity to reduce that fleet by the 15 we own. We started looking into marketplace for a chance to do that. And this just reflects both that fleet type and where the market is for fleet and the chance that we could do that.  We've got 64 new 737s on order new-gens from Boeing and so clearly this is a case where as you look at over the next three years we clearly have a number of aircraft coming from Boeing and we had some flexibility. We also plan to retire 300s. The reason we have got the 500s in the longer fleet plan is because the other 48 500s on lease from 2012 to 2015. And so we know thats the fleet type will be operating on a long-term basis.  But we are gradually moving out of the classics to the more fuel efficient new-gens and this is just a chance to take advantage of market opportunities. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: That is interesting. So I mean, I assume that there is also some embedded assessment of the '08 expected supply and demand dynamic in the market or is it really just about an opportunity that to sell the aircraft? 
Larry Kellner: Well, it is a combination of the two. Clearly if fuel was $20 a barrel and domestic market was extremely strong you wouldn't be looking at those options. So I mean if you got to look at it in total. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: Sure. And then 
Larry Kellner: And small 737 is the least fuel efficient than the 737s we operate on a per-seat basis. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just a question on the international outlook, clearly it continues to be very strong. I'm wondering what your thinking about it going forward, and if we should start to be concerned at all about tough comp. I know there is some enthusiasm about comps getting easier on the domestic front. On the fleet side, should we be getting concerned about difficult comps on the international front? 
Jim Compton: Robert, this is Jim. Obviously, this thing we saw strong performance across all the entities and international side and bookings going forward also are consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. So, at least this is kind as far as you can see, which is, what we kind of talk about going forward, and in the third quarter we don't see any really changes. We still see good strength in the internal across all the entities. 
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Ray Neidl from Caylon Securities, go ahead. 
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Yeah. With the Boeing 737-500s you are not going to be taking a penalty by reducing the size of that fleet and operating only 48 are you? In other words with crew training, spare parts, they're interchangeable with the other 737 types, is that correct? 
Larry Kellner: Well the classics are quite a bit different than the new-gens, but we have still got 48 300s which we'll also be facing out over time. But we look at the size of our classic fleet which is still over 100, we have a lot of flexibility there, as we work that down. We'll still have a decent; we'll still have 48 of them as we get to 2012 in the classic group. So we don't think it is a big impact. 
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Okay. Great. And then regarding the fleet on the small-end, what's the current status, it sounds like you are pretty well complete with your regional jet contracts, but I'm just wondering what the status is of ExpressJet, to your service, to your costs, are you satisfied with them? And if you are still contemplating maybe at some point using larger RJs. 
Larry Kellner: Well, Ray, couple of things. One, ExpressJet has always done a good for us operationally. Clearly we continue to work the cost side there. And if you look at the larger RJs our scope clause and our main line pilot contract is that 50 seats, we don't think we can make the economics work on a 70-seater flown at the main line. And so we don't have any plans in the 70-seat jet area at the moment. 
Ray Neidl - Caylon Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Mike Linenberg from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Good morning all. I got two questions, my first one related to follow-up Ray with ExpressJet. Can you give us a timing on the outcome of this binding arbitration? When do we expect to hear something, some part A to that? And part B would be how the transition has gone with Chautauqua, how you view that relationship, how that is looking. And then I have a follow-up. 
Larry Kellner: Sure, Mike. On ExpressJet, I think our best guess is that you'll hear about the end of the month to early in August on that arbitration. And with Chautauqua, the June performance, they had a controllable completion factor in June, so that excludes the weather and ATC if you start other completion factor but if you look at what they can control maintenance (inaudible), and 99-3. So clearly weve got into the transition with stock where they're doing a very good job for us. We're pleased with how that is working. 
 Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Good. And then just my second question I'm sure, you perused the joint application for antitrust immunity between northwest, delta, KLM and air France, basically it looks like they want to operate as one across the north Atlantic. Do you, given sort of your role in sky team? Do you view that as a threat? 
Larry Kellner: I think we look at it competitively the right thing for us with our hub at Newark Liberty is to keep growing that hub. We have clearly got 787 coming in and which is going to make a big transition for us internationally. Our sky team is very important to us as it gives us a lot of reach we wouldn't otherwise have. Right now, we think we're headed in the right direction on the international front. 
 Mike Linenberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Very good and nice quarter. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Dan McKenzie from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning. Two questions here. You touched on fleet flexibility for 2008, but fuel at $75 and we haven't even had a hurricane yet. I am just wondering how youre thinking about the risk of fuel going significantly higher. We have some prognostic occasions with fuel it could even go north of 90, how are you thinking about that risk and how could you respond there I guess how quickly could you respond? 
Larry Kellner: First of all, fuel is already above 90 because when we're buying jet fuel, not crude. We've approached fuel several ways. One, obviously, our investment in our modern and fuel-efficient fleet is incredibly important. We have got the most fuel efficient fleet among the majors and we continue to invest in new aircraft and obviously all the ancillary operations that we do, our operational methods we do to minimize our fuel burn.  We also hedge the fuel component of tickets weve already sold and we rely on the market, frankly to price fuel correctly in the future. We can quibble as to whether the market is doing a good job pricing of fuel right now, and I don't think we've done as good job as in industry this year as we did last year, but what we're relying, frankly, on, you know, carry that (inaudible) rationing as fuel prices increase.  Weve done I think a superb job having a fuel-efficient fleet and continuing to renew that fleet, and our employees are also doing a great job in the operations everyday to conserve fuel. And so I think we're in a quite a good position compared to our competitors, but nobody likes really, really high fuel prices, but it is something we learned to live with. 
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Yes. Sure. And just for clarification, I was talking WTI north of 90, not necessarily jet fuel. 
Larry Kellner: You tell what the (inaudible) fuel prices, but the fact is where it -- fuel is higher than we could of imagine it being a year or two ago and yet we turned in the largest second quarter profit that we had since the year 2000, so I think we're handling it pretty well, frankly. 
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Sure. Second question, you know, relates to the FAA reauthorization bill. I'm just wondering, what you're seeing there and, how far away are we from some improved air traffic control efficiency and what are you guys working on and how would you sort of quantify potential savings from many efficiency improvements and of course the timing of those? 
Larry Kellner: Sure. Dan, this is Larry. The professional air traffic controllers of the FAA are doing the best they can with the tools they got and we need to get them new tools and that's going to take several years, not several months. And we have to figure out how to pay for those tools. And I think step one is figuring out how to pay for those tools and inside what those tools are going to be so, we can get on with the process of getting the controllers and the tools they need.  I think the challenge we got is we can't continue to have a commercial airlines and the passengers paying for over 90% of the system and using about two-thirds of it. And as private jet aviation and distinguish private jet. There is a lot of confusion out there. Piston-powered aviation isnt using the air traffic control system. This isn't about prop and piston flying.  This is about jet flying. But very light jets that are coming out like a (inaudible) aviation we got have a further impact on the air traffic control system and we've got to figure out a process for how we're going to pay for these new tools and we need to make sure the people who are paying for the tools get first priority on the system.  So, I think we have a lot of work to do. I think congress is making progress, but we need not to put this off for another year or two because even after we decide how we are going to do it, we have then got to figure out what tools we're going to use and then get into the implementation. So we're years from getting a better fix to a system that its already add its capacity. And, again, I think the controllers are doing the best they can with the tools they got. But we need to move forward. Hard to estimate cost savings but they will be significant and we just need to see exactly how the system works out how rolls it. 
Dan McKenzie - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Frank Boroch from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Frank Boroch - Bear Stearns: Hi. Good morning. My first question is, I wanted to see if you could talk about how the trends can performed in the second quarter and your outlook for the current period. 
Jim Compton: Yes, frank, this is Jim. Transcon perform within the domestic continued to be strong for us implemented horizon point of view and load factor point of view. And you know one of the stronger domestic entities for us. 
Frank Boroch - Bear Stearns: Okay. Great. Thats helpful. I look historically, it seems as though it Continental moving into the third quarter relative to the second quarter, unit revenue tends to increase about half of a percentage point. Is there anything -- this year that suggested that that -- maybe is different with capacity changes or last year we had the security scare and what not that somehow this year might be different than the historical sequential average of RASM up about half point over the second quarter. 
Jim Compton: I'm not going to comment on the seasonality of it. I just refer to our comments and the investor updates overall versus that trying to speculate on the seasonality. But you have that seasonality, and I kind of go with that. 
Frank Boroch - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Bill Mastoris from Bank of New York. Please go ahead. 
Bill Mastoris - Bank of New York: Thank you. With regard to the 10-737-500s are any of those in your double ETCs and if they are, and if any of the other five potential sales are in the double ETCs, would it be correct in saying that you will continue to be the obligor and on even all the potential sales of those 737-500s. 
 Gerry Laderman: This is Gerry, if you look at the whole group of 15, some of those are in some of those double ETCs that I am sure you're familiar with and to the extent that we sell aircraft any of the aircraft that currently have debt on them, we would pay off the debt before we sell the aircraft. 
Bill Mastoris - Bank of New York: Okay. And okay. That's pretty much what I would expect. I didn't know whether you were going to continue to be the obligor, but obviously you answered that. But my second question this has to do with the applications or start-up I should say of Virgin America.  You were one of the major objectors on to their application and normally you wouldn't do that unless you would consider them at least a potential future threat. Maybe you could comment on what type of impact you might think they would have on Transcon yields going forward. 
Larry Kellner: Yes, Bill, this is Larry. Once they amended their application we didn't oppose it. We had only opposed before an ownership elements and that was not -- I mean, whether its sky bus or if you look at last couple years jet blue or several other airlines that have started, we know there will be new entrants into the market and that has been a continual thing since 1978.  So I would just clarify what we opposed in the Virgin America application was for ownership aspects and the structure, and not. Truly from competitive standpoint truly they are going to compete with us just like every other start-up in the U.S. does. I saw this morning where they announced the routes, clearly they are going to put a significant amount of capacity in the Transcon.  If you look at the number of planes they have and where they're going, primarily San Francisco and L.A. to JFK and Dulles and they're also going to do some north south flying on the west coast between San Francisco and L.A and San Francisco and Vegas that wont have impact on us all the capacity in the Transcon which has some impact on us though its a big market and they are not flying the exact cities pairs were flying that they're going to JFK and not to Newark. 
Bill Mastoris - Bank of New York: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys. Just a couple quick questions for Jim. Obviously, I think through some of the comments youve made on the call, you know, obviously noting continued softness in the domestic environment, but I'm just curious, we shouldn't take any other comments you made to mean I think you are getting incrementally worse.  Can we say that the things are getting incrementally a bit better? We do have capacity reduction as we move into the second half and as you said things did look pretty good in June. So is there some inflection point that we should be thinking about as we move into the second half? 
Jim Compton: Gerry it is Jim. You know, my ability to see far out is always obviously difficult in this business and so forth so that as Larry mentioned we are pleased with our June revenue performance and have seen some of that continuing in July so forth. So some of what I talked about kind of, where are we at an inflection point? But were clearly able to kind of  do better in the summer high demand periods and so forth. And so, we've been able to do some things Jeff mentioned in his comments, a $7 fuel surcharge each way in the domestic business. That is a result of studying the high demand relative capacity and so forth. And obviously those things begin to change in the fall. So, what we see is a continued weak pricing environment in the domestic. A number of sales, even during the summer period, that, again with -- at a micro basis some we match, some we don't. And as you get out to the fall you don't have that offset of the high demand period and constraint capacity during the summer as you head into the fall. 
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And I guess, as I remember, the latter part of last year, I mean, I think, at least by memory, people were affected by the liquid ban and terror alert in the international markets, so I mean is that wrong perception that you kind of went through that internationally without any difficulty in contrasted domestic? Because I would be thinking that the international comps get a little bit easier as you move into the second half as well. 
Larry Kellner: I think clearly for us, seems like you always have to be a historian in this business. In the Tel Aviv market where year-over-year some of the things that were happening in Tel Aviv last year and then as you mentioned in August with the London situation, so clearly there was some fall-off in traffic in associated revenue in that, that will have year-over-year based on kind of the way we see bookings right now that is positive. 
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Larry Kellner: Thank you, Gary. 
Operator: We have no further analyst questions at this time.
