===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intel Corporation First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during this session, you'll need to press star 11 on your telephone. If your question has been answered and you'd like to remove yourself from the queue, simply press star 11 again. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone joining us today. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q1 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I'm joined today by our CEO, Lip Bu Tan, and our CFO, David Zinsner. Lip Bu will open with comments on our first quarter results as well as some initial observations, priorities, and actions that he is driving. Dave will then discuss our overall financial results, including second quarter guidance. We will then transition to answer your questions. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release and most recent annual report on Form 10-Ks and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Lip Bu.
Lip Bu Tan: Thank you, John. And let me add my welcome. I joined Intel Corporation five weeks ago. The reason I'm here is simple. I love our company. I saw the challenges we were facing and I could not sit on the sidelines knowing I had the opportunity to turn things around and put us back on the path to gain market share and drive sustainable growth. Q1 was a step in the right direction. Driven by Dave and Michelle's leadership, we delivered revenue, gross margins, and EPS above our guidance. I want to thank them both as well as our teams for the good execution, especially with the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. Our goal now is to build on this progress. But it won't be easy. There are many areas we need to improve, and there's no quick fixes. We must remain laser-focused on execution. One of my biggest learnings so far is that we need to fundamentally transform our culture and the way in which we operate. Organizational complexity and bureaucracies have been suffocating the innovation and agility we need to win. It takes too long for decisions to get made. New ideas and people who generate them have not been given the room or resources to incubate and grow. The unnecessary silos have led to bad execution. I'm here to fix this. I'm taking shift actions to simplify the way we do business and drive transparency and accountability across the company. We will empower smaller teams to move faster and make better decisions, and we will significantly reduce the number of layers that get in their way. As a first step, I have flattened the structure of my leadership team. All critical product, manufacturing, and GNA functions, which were spread over two to three layers, are now directly reporting to me. This will allow me to get closer to our product and engineering groups and work directly with them to close the gaps with competition more quickly. I will apply the same streamlining approach across the company with a focus on empowering our engineering talents to create great products and make it easier for our customers to do business with us. To accelerate this simplification, we are taking more cost out of the business. The lower our calendar 2025 and calendar 2026 OpEx targets. We now expect OpEx of $17 billion this year and $16 billion next year. In addition, as we continue to identify ways to operate our manufacturing network more efficiently, I have directed our teams to find an additional $2 billion of savings in our gross CapEx, taking our target for this year to $18 billion. We will continue to take a closer look at our existing factory footprint to ensure that we are making the most efficient use of our installed capacity before committing to any additional spending. I will continue to make the needed investment to reignite innovation even as we reduce our overall expenses by minimizing projects and programs that have been taking attention away from our core client and server business. They will include revitalizing our engineering core and rebuilding our engineering talent pool with urgency by promoting strong leaders internally, bringing back critical lost talent, and recruiting new people. In addition, we are mandating a four-day-per-week return to office policy effective Q3 2025. I know firsthand the power of teamwork, and this action is necessary to reinstill a more collaborative working environment, improving efficiency, and boosting innovation. By eliminating inefficiencies and transforming how we do business, I strongly believe we can reduce our cost while securing our future. Many of you have asked about my longer-term strategic plan. It is an appropriate question. It's a little bit too soon for me to provide all the details, but let me share with you my priorities. First, the best products always win. And this is very important that we refocus our core franchise to start building best-in-class products again. We have a good foundation. Our ecosystem in client and data center is valuable and durable, and we still maintain a large market share in both. My focus will be ensuring that our team builds products that are highly competitive and meet the needs of our customers as we enter a new era of computing defined by AI agents and reasoning models. To achieve this, we are taking a holistic approach to redefine our portfolio to optimize our products for new and emerging AI workloads. We are making necessary adjustments to our product roadmap so that we are positioned to make the best-in-class products while staying laser-focused on execution and ensuring on-time delivery. However, I want to emphasize that this is not a quick fix here. These changes will take time. Our goal is to become the platform of choice for our customers. This requires us to radically evolve our design and engineering mindset and anticipate the needs of our customers well in advance. I have received direct feedback from many of our largest customers, who are also close personal friends. I'm taking this feedback to heart and using it to inform and change our approach to product and platform design. Second, we need to refine our AI strategy with a focus on emerging areas of interest. My experience helping successfully fund and incubate many startups in this space provides unique insights that we will leverage in these funds. Our goal will be to take our integrated system and platform view to develop full-stack AI solutions that enable more accuracy, power efficiency, and security for our enterprise customers. Our goal will be to enable the next wave of computing defined by reasoning models, AgenTiC AI, and physical AI. Third, we need to build trust with foundry customers. We have a lot of important building blocks in place, including the RAM of Intel 18A in February to support the launch of our first Pantheon Lake SKU by year-end, with additional SKUs coming in February. However, I know from my years at Cadence Design that success in the foundry business requires more than process technology manufacturing capabilities alone. It is first and foremost a customer service business built on the foundational principle of trust. And we need to instill a customer service mindset across our foundry business. Success in foundry relies on recognizing that each customer uses different design tools, methodologies, and styles. As a foundry, we need to ensure that our process technologies can be easily used by a variety of customers, each with a unique way of building their products. To do this, we are more rapidly embracing industry-standard EDA tools and best design practices. Here again, there's no quick fix, but we will make the necessary changes to our roadmap to deliver on the commitments we make to our foundry customers. We must learn to delight our customers by building wafers that meet their required power, performance, area, cost, quality, yield, reliability, and on-time schedule. While we are currently focused on delivering Intel 18A, we are also working closely with customers to define the critical KPIs to ensure online delivery of Intel 14A. Lastly, we need to strengthen our balance sheet. Our business is capital-intensive, and we have important investments to make at a time when our financial performance is not where it needs to be. This means we need to be prudent with capital. In addition to new targets of OpEx, CapEx, we will also look to further monetize non-core assets. I'm very pleased to have Silver Lake as an investor in Altera and welcome on board Rakib to help drive the business to its potential. In addition, we have made the decision not to spin off Intel Capital but to work with the team to monetize our existing portfolio while being more selective on new investments that support our strategy. We need to get our balance sheet healthy and start the process of deleveraging this year. As we are building the new Intel, you can expect us to stay humble, drive the necessary changes, to delight our customers. MicroMoto has always been to under-promise and over-deliver, and I will not be satisfied until we regain the trust of our customers, putting the company on a sustainable path of gaining shares and growing revenue, and delivering consistent returns for our shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Lip Bu. Our Q1 results mostly reflected our view entering the year that our two biggest markets were poised for growth. On the client side, the end of service for Windows 10, the expected growing adoption of AIPCs, and an aging installed base following the COVID era refresh pointed to a PC TAM growing 3% to 5%. Similarly, on the traditional server side, delayed infrastructure upgrades driven by the rapid adoption of AI servers in 2024 supported double-digit CPU core growth this year on a roughly flat unit. More recently, the economic landscape has become increasingly uncertain, driven by shifting trade policies, persistent inflation, and increased regulatory risk. While we have yet to see a meaningful change in customer buying patterns, we think it prudent to manage the business with a level of conservatism going into the second half of the year. First-quarter revenue was $12.7 billion, coming in at the high end of our guidance range, driven by better-than-expected Xeon sales. Similar to Q4 2024, we believe Q1 revenue benefited from customer purchasing behavior anticipation of potential tariffs, it is difficult to quantify the magnitude. Non-GAAP gross margin was 39.2%, approximately three percentage points above our guidance on much stronger-than-expected demand for Raptor Lake combined with improved cost for Meteor Lake. While we continue to see the mix of AIPCs growing throughout the year, the rate of growth off a lower-than-expected Q1 will be lower. We delivered first-quarter earnings per share of 13¢ versus our guidance of breakeven EPS driven by higher revenue, stronger gross margin, and lower operating expenses. I was particularly pleased to see our spending down $400 million sequentially and $700 million year over year as we continue to focus on optimizing our cost structure. Q1 operating cash flow was $800 million. We had growth CapEx of $6.2 billion with offsets of $1.7 billion in the quarter, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $3.7 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $21 billion and received $1.1 billion from CHIPS grants, and $1.9 billion for the final close of our NAND business sale to SK Inox. Moving to segment results for Q1. As previewed on our Q4 2024 earnings, we updated our segment reporting for Q1 2025. Details can be found in the appendix to our earnings deck and in our Q1 2025 10-Q. The following commentary reflects the updated segmentation and accompanying recasted 2024 financials. Intel products revenue was $11.8 billion, down 10% sequentially but above our expectations. CCG revenue was down 13% quarter over quarter, below typical seasonality and in line with our expectation with higher-than-expected volumes, offset by product mix and competitive pressure. DCAI revenue was down 5% sequentially and above expectations driven by hyperscaler demand for host CPUs for AI servers and storage compute. Operating profit for Intel products was $2.9 billion, 25% of revenue, and down $632 million quarter over quarter on lower revenue, partially offset by reduced operating expenses. Intel Foundry delivered revenue of $4.7 billion, up 8% sequentially on pull-ins of Intel seven wafers and increased advanced packaging services. Intel foundry operating loss in Q1 was $2.3 billion, roughly flat quarter over quarter and in line with expectations. Structural cost improvements were offset by startup costs associated with the ramp of products on Intel 18. Turning to all other, revenue came in at $943 million, and was down 15% sequentially, slightly above expectations. The three primary components of all other are Mobileye, Altera, and IMS. Collectively, the category delivered $103 million of operating profit. As Lip Bu stated, we announced on April 14 our intention to sell 51% of Altera to Silver Lake Partners for an almost $9 billion valuation, Intel receiving net cash proceeds of $4.4 billion. We believe the value of our remaining 49% stake in Altera will grow over time through our partnership with Silver Lake, and with the addition of Raghav Hussein as the CEO. We expect this deal to close in the second half of 2025, at which point we expect to deconsolidate Altera from our financial results. Now turning to guidance. Historically, average sequential growth in Q2 has been roughly flat with Q1. However, the very fluid trade policies in the US and beyond as well as regulatory risks have increased the chance of an economic slowdown with the probability of a recession growing. This makes it more difficult to forecast how we will perform for the quarter and for the year even as the underlying fundamentals supporting growth I discussed earlier remain intact. While we have offsets including a global highly diversified manufacturing footprint to help mitigate tariffs, we will certainly see costs increase, and we feel it prudent to anticipate a TAM contraction. The biggest risk we see is the impact of a potential pullback in investment and spending as businesses and consumers react to higher costs and the uncertain economic backdrop. As a result, we're forecasting a wider than normal Q2 revenue range of $11.2 to $12.4 billion, down 2% to 12% sequentially. Within Intel products, we expect DCAI to decline at a faster rate than CCG. We expect Intel foundry revenue down quarter over quarter due to pull-ins to Q1, lower wafer and advanced packaging volume, and capacity constraints in Intel seven, which we expect to persist for the foreseeable future. For all other, expect revenue for the sum of those parts to be roughly flat sequentially. At the midpoint of $11.8 billion, we expect a gross margin of approximately 36.5% on lower revenue and mix to our outsourced and lower margin client products with a tax rate of 12% and breakeven EPS all on a non-GAAP basis. As you think about the full year, we recommend you start by using the last ten-year seasonality to model sequential changes in revenue. But be mindful of the significant uncertainty in the market today, especially due to the potential for meaningful tariffs and tight supply on our older nodes. We expect non-controlled income or NCI to net to zero in Q2, and for the full year to be approximately $500 million on a GAAP basis. NCI is still expected to grow in fiscal year 2026, to an updated range of $1.3 to $15 billion on a GAAP basis and meaningfully increase further in future years. As Lip Bu discussed earlier, we're simplifying our organizational structure and the way we work across Intel so that we innovate faster and adapt more quickly where needed to better serve our customers. As a result, we now expect 2025 OpEx of $17 billion, $500 million lower than prior expectations with a 2026 OpEx target of $16 billion. We are likely to have restructuring charges associated with these actions, some of which may be included in our non-GAAP results. Since we have not yet estimated these charges, they are not included in our guidance. These spending reductions will be driven by numerous broad-based transformation activities. Key 2025 focus areas will be refocusing our portfolio, eliminating organizational complexity, transforming our engineering functions, and continuing to drive to leading SG and A efficiency. As Lip Bu stated, we anticipate our 2025 gross capital investment will now be approximately $18 billion, which is below our previous guide of $20 billion, reflecting further operational efficiencies, and better utilization of our construction in progress. While gross CapEx is down, we maintain our range for 2025 net CapEx to be approximately $8 to $11 billion due to uncertainty regarding the timing of the US government fulfilling their obligations in our CHIPS agreement. Beginning the process of delevering our balance sheet in 2025 remains a top priority for us, as evidenced by our lower OpEx and CapEx targets and the value unlock across our non-core assets. I'll wrap up by saying that Q1 was a solid quarter to start even as the rest of the year is more uncertain. We will closely manage what's in our control and react quickly as the environment evolves. I'm encouraged by Lip Bu's leadership and on enhancing our competitive position, improving our balance sheet, setting us on a path to deliver consistent returns to our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call back over to John to begin the Q&A.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. Michelle Johnston Holthaus, CEO of Intel products, will be joining Lip Bu and Dave during the Q&A session. As a reminder, we would ask that each of you ask one question and a brief question where applicable. With that, Jonathan, can we take the first question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Lip Bu, welcome to Intel. Lip Bu, the first question is for you. You talked a lot about increasing the flexibility and speed at Intel and, you know, unfortunately, having to shrink the headcount to do so. How do we balance fixing the roadmap with also filling the foundry and making sure you have the unit volumes there? It seems like the flexibility and speed goals would be more quickly adopted and capitalized by going to foundry. But you have the need to fill your own Intel. So balancing the internal product roadmap versus the Foundry side of things is basically the question.
Lip Bu Tan: Yeah. Ross, thank you so much for the questions. So a couple of things. One is clearly the approach is basically to flatten the organization, to the number of layers, and so that we can really focus on the right products and then deliver the customer the solution. And then in some of the product and the roadmap, I think it clearly we like to focus on what is the killing product that we want to have. And a laser focus on making sure that we deliver on time on the performance and then the, you know, the power so that make sure that we meet the customer requirement. And then in terms of the foundry, clearly, you know, AT and A is very important for us. For Pentelic. And, you know, secondly, I think we clearly one by one, improving the yield, the reliability, and so that our internal customer can use that. I think from the product side, they have to do the best they can now depend on whether it's inside or outside. And then drive the performance of the products.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a follow-up question?
Ross Seymore: Yeah. I did have one for Dave. Dave, the gross margin side of things, you talked a little bit about the slope for the rest of the year. But especially given the strategic changes that Lip Bu is putting into place, the cost-cutting and the OpEx side of things, and the lower CapEx that you talked about. Can you just talk about some of the puts and takes on gross margin if you think about 2025 as a whole and maybe even 2026? What are some of the goals that you have?
David Zinsner: Yeah. Sure, Ross. And I'll qualify this by saying, you know, it's a relatively dynamic industry out there right now given the tariffs and the implications on what that might look like from our TAM and from the macro. So I'm saying this with, you know, some murkiness as it relates to the full-year picture. I would just say that when we look out through the year, we do expect to see our mix on the client side move more to, you know, the Lunar Lake and so forth. And as you know, Lunar Lake's margins are more under pressure given the memories and package, and so that makes, you know, the accounting look make it look a little funky. So that will be a headwind to our margins on a go-forward basis. And in addition, when we look at 18A, we're going to be ramping that through the year. There's startup costs associated with that bringing that up in Arizona. So that's always gonna put some pressure on gross margins through the year as well. I think as you get into '26, things start to go the other direction, you know, Panther Lake will be ramping more in volume next year. It's a better margin product than Lunar Lake just on the, you know, on an apples-to-apples basis, but on top of that, you know, as you know, we have 18A, on Panther Lake, so it brings the wafers back into the fabs, and we get the margin stacking benefit of that on a kind of consolidated basis. So we, you know, we'd expect next year to look better. Of course, all of that is, you know, subject ultimately a lot of what is reflected in the margins is how we do on the top line side, and so, you know, we gotta sort through, you know, how tariffs impact us. You know, I think from a tariff perspective, you know, this year could be choppy depending on what ultimately is settled across the US and abroad. But we do have a global supply chain. So we do have the ability to flex to mitigate a lot of the headwinds we face. It's just we can't, you know, obviously turn this stuff on a dime. It's gonna take us time to, you know, optimize the network to what the rules are, you know, in terms of tariffs.
John Pitzer: Thank you. Thanks, Ross. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question, please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, can you help us just also on gross margin? Can you help us with sort of what a clean number is for March? You guided 36%, but that was supposed to have some COGS headwinds from the way you accounted for the grants, but it came in at 39. So sort of what's the clean number for March? And then also, you said that the Q1 number would be the trough. So you know, I know you're guiding Q2 to thirty-six five, but it, like, is could it go lower than what you're guiding?
David Zinsner: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, obviously, we thought Q1 would be a trough, and it turned out to be better. So that, you know, that put some pressure on 2Q now on a relative basis. And like I said, you know, this the tariff dynamics do kind of change the outlook through the year so that's that's an additional pressure point for gross margins through the year. In terms of the margins for Q1, you know, cleaning that out, clearly, the biggest benefit to the gross margins was the beat on the top line. We, you know, kind of handedly beat the top line. That helped out a lot. In addition, we did better or we had more of our volume come from Raptor Lake versus Lunar Lake. And so that was mix beneficial to gross margins. And, you know, and then we did, I think, a little bit better job in terms of just managing spending. And so forth that that helped out. But the two bigger components were the higher revenue in Raptor Lake. I think if you strip those two things out, we were we would've been much closer to the guide.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yeah. So, Lip Bu, I know the prior policy had been to not announce new, you know, third-party foundry customers. How do you think about that? And how can you update us on sort of what you're tracking? Is there anything to help believe that maybe you can add a tier-one customer and maybe this year, you know, if not sooner, I know that they want, you know, want some power improvements on AT and A. But can you kinda talk about that? Thank you.
Lip Bu Tan: Sure. Thanks, Tim. I think the priority one for us is for Intel Foundry is ramping our internal customer. Like the Pentelic I mentioned earlier. And then the next step is basically building the trust with our foundry customer and, you know, the PDK, the schedule, you know, to really make sure that we're really robust on that. And then in terms of the process technology, the priority is really focused on yield reliability, and also I think it's very important to understand this is a customer service mindset so that, you know, customers have different design tools, methodology styles, want to make sure that we really do the pattern matching so that we really optimize for their solution they want to drive. So I think it's kind of one, two steps, and then we'd really continue to drive the efficiency and then so that we can really scale the business.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. So a number of elements in your letter and in your comments about kind of improving product execution. Guess five weeks into it, can you give us your assessment of Panther Lake and Clearwater Forest in the 1880? Alright. Portfolio and give us a sense of, you know, are those leadership products? Do you still have work to do to get to the leadership position that you wanna have?
Lip Bu Tan: Yeah. Let me start. I think Michelle will chip in. First of all, I think clearly our laser focus on execution. And in terms of delivering on time, a performance that we can meet the customer and industry trends. And the workload. So that is the number one priority for us. In terms of Panther Lake, you know, clearly on the 18A is very important. We have the first SKU by the end of this year, then we have additional SKU the next year. So I think so far we are very focused on that. Michelle?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. Maybe just to add, Joe, I think I talked about this a little bit in our Q4 earnings. Panther Lake really matches what you see in both Meteor Lake and Lunar the way that we're gonna ramp, bringing our first most performant product out first with customers and then the additional SKUs in Q1, which really allows us to line up with the commercial marketplace. That product looks quite good competitively, and we get a lot of customer interest, so I think we continue to track well there. You also asked about Clearwater Forest, and I talked a bit about that and the prioritization between Panther Lake and Clearwater Forest in Q4 as well. And so for Clearwater Forest, it has some very unique packaging that comes to market with it, and therefore, we decided to prioritize getting Panther Lake out first. And then the first half of 2026, you'll see Clearwater Forest. I would just remind you that Clearwater Forest is an ECORE based product, so it's a derivative. Right, of Granite Rapids. And so it'll be, you know, a more of a purpose-built product than your kind of leading performance part. In the marketplace, but both are on track for delivery.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
Joseph Moore: I do. Thank you for that. The comment that you guys made about seven nanometer being constrained for the foreseeable future. Can you elaborate on why that is and what impact that might have?
David Zinsner: Yeah. Oh, pretty simply, you know, we're doing better on Raptor Lake and Raptor Lake's an Intel seven part. And so, you know, we obviously plan out our network to be, you know, just to the edge in terms of, you know, capacity and, you know, when things shift meaningfully like they did, you know, we're gonna be hand them out. That said, you know, that's usually a good thing for the factory. When they're constrained, they, you know, leverage, the network to try to, you know, produce more wafers, and every wafer becomes less expensive as a result. So, you know, we do we obviously do like that. Ultimately, though, we do wanna see these AIPC products gain more traction in the market, and we're optimistic that happens in the year.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. Maybe just to add on both seven and ten nanometer. Obviously, with the macroeconomic concerns that we see and just with the overall economy, we are particularly seeing consumer a stronger n minus one and n minus two demand in the market as those system price points tend to stay rather fixed. And so we've been doing our best to respond to that shift while at the same time in the commercial segment, we are seeing that Windows 10 refresh and a strong demand for AIPC. Think there's both good and bad news in that in that as you see n minus one, n minus two, as Dave talked about, you see a lot of that gross margin flow to the bottom line. It is also, you know, as the AIPC ramp slows, that's also good for gross margins. But I do want you to walk away with the fact that we continue to invest in the AIPC. We do view this as the long-term growth segment. We have our AI symposium with all the software vendors this week, and we see a ton of excitement from our customers around Lunar Lake, and so we'll be balancing our portfolio and our mix across our foundries.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Joe. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question, please.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question for Lip Bu. You touched on your AI strategy. Focusing on new and emerging workloads like reasoning models, the gen pick AI, and physical AI. Is the plan here to reinvent x86 to succeed in the AI world or perhaps a broader portfolio, including ARM? And then should we be interpreting your focus more on edge AI?
Lip Bu Tan: Thank you. Yeah. Good question, CJ. I think first of all, as I articulate and not on the AI strategy, it's very important to understanding the workload. And then, you know, make sure that we can really deliver. And then clearly, we're going to look for partnership with the industry leader to build a purpose-built silicon and the software to optimize for that platform. So we like to be the compute platform for doing that. And clearly, I think one of the big areas would be the kind of edge and inference area. And that will be important to have the architecture that is low power and drive efficiency. And so those kinds of things that we are exploring some of this new architecture and some of this disruptive platform that we try to build. So stay tuned. Over time, we're going to start to articulate the strategy for that.
John Pitzer: CJ, do you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse: I do, John. Thanks. Dave, to follow-up on the OpEx guide for 'twenty-five and 'twenty-six, do those numbers fully contemplate the headcount reductions that you are planning? Or, you know, over time, could we see additional savings?
David Zinsner: I would say, you know, Lip Bu has driven us to think about the company in a leaner, more efficient, faster-to-execution kind of way. And that's been kind of the underpinning of what we are doing from an OpEx perspective. So it's all of that, you know, elimination of the bureaucracy, taking out the layers and support, that drive us to a number that's kind of in this $17 billion range for 25 and $16 billion range for 26. We are still in the process of, you know, working through the details of how we lay into that number. But I feel confident based on his direction, we will land in that ZIP code for those numbers. We have not yet identified what that means from a headcount perspective. You know, there's obviously other categories of spend in operating expenses in addition to labor, and, you know, those will also be looked at and we'll scrutinize and make sure that they're spent in a highly efficient manner, and we'll have more details around how we will land the $16 billion number for '26 when we end the second quarter and do the earnings in July, I think we'll have a good sense of, you know, what that means. Whether it can be reduced further, I think we'll have to see. I think the $16 billion number, we feel very confident we can land. We'll update you in July as to, you know, for sure where that number is with a little bit more precision. You know, I think if you asked Lip Bu today, he'd probably say there are areas where he would like to invest as well. So to the extent we're freeing up investment, it may go to some other areas that he wants to invest in. So, you know, I think $16 billion would probably be the good working assumption. But we'll update you in July, like I said.
John Pitzer: Thanks, CJ. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your question, please.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi. I was just wondering, as you look at the data center site, how you see that playing out through the year? I saw you may you kinda kinda June and you saw DJ apologize. Can you restate that? You broke up a little bit at the beginning of the question. Just wondering how the data center side would play out to the end of the year. As you look at the second half, especially.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. Thank you for the question. As we look at, you know, Q1, we saw higher-than-expected growth, really driven by a few hyperscalers. We are optimistic about the rest of the year. If you look at, you know, the product roadmap we have with Granite Rapids coming out and Xeon six, some of the traditional consolidation that that drives as well as, you know, being the CPO choice as the AI head node. And we are starting to see some improvement in telco as well. However, as Dave and everyone's talked about, you know, we still do see a large macro concern, and so we need to continue to understand what that means. Much like we talked about before in client, we are seeing strong demand on older gen parts in data center as well, and we're working through that from a supply perspective. As stated in last quarter's earnings, I talked about our main goal being to stabilize market segment share, create margin, and, you know, up ASPs, and so those are things that we're going to be laser-focused on for the remainder of the year. We do have a good product portfolio. We do see, you know, strength both in hyperscalers and enterprise, but the rest of the world is where we really see a market segment share challenge, and so that's where we'll be focused.
John Pitzer: Vijay, do you have a follow-up question?
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Thanks, John. And, Lip Bu, congratulations on the new assignment. Just looking at CapEx, maybe this is for Dave. Any thoughts on how you would look at CapEx through that time frame, 25-26? Are you looking at rationalizing that given the footprint, fab footprint that you have?
David Zinsner: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, go ahead. Sorry. Go ahead, please. Okay. In '25, you know, we think we can operate to an $18 billion number as we talked about. I would just tell you we have $50 billion or so of assets under construction, you know, that are a lot of which are equipment that's still in bubble wrap. So we're in some ways, you know, taking a more aggressive approach to driving better return on what we've spent already. And that's allowing us to spend less in capital. I think that story probably plays out next year as well, although I think it's too early to talk about guidance for CapEx for next year. You know, we're gonna leverage our assets under construction next year as well. You know, longer term, you know, this is a high-intensity model, obviously. You know, we've talked about roughly having 25% capital intensity as we look at this in a full IDM model. And I think that's probably a good working assumption on a long-term basis.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Vijay. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question, please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to go back to that seven nanometer constraint capacity constraint. Think you're seeing a lot of demand for Raptor Lake. I guess I'm just surprised given how good Meteor Lake and Lunar Lake are supposed to be. Like, why are you seeing so much more demand for the older generation parts versus new ones? Or is it, I mean, are you pushing the older gen stuff like you because the margins are better? Like, what's going on there?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Stacy. We're not pushing the old parts based on what we're really seeing is much greater demand from our customers for N-one and N-two products, so that they can continue to deliver system price points that consumers are really demanding. As we've all talked about, the macroeconomic concerns and tariffs have everybody kind of hedging their bets in what they need to have from an inventory perspective. And Raptor Lake is a great part. Meteor Lake and Lunar Lake are great as well, but come with a much higher cost structure, not only for us, but at the system, ASP price points for our OEMs as well. And so as you think about an OEM perspective, they've also, you know, ridden those cost curves down from a Raptor Lake perspective, and it allows them to offer that product at a better price point. So I really just think it's, you know, macroeconomics, the overall economy, and how they're hedging their bets.
John Pitzer: Stacy, do you have a follow-up?
Stacy Rasgon: I do. To follow-up on that then, so what does that imply for the Panther Lake launch, which I guess is gonna happen, you said, by year-end. So I guess we'll get at least one SKU by December. Most of it comes this year. But if that's happening, like, in the midst of a macro event, tariffs, like, who knows? Like, how do I think about, like, the launch of those new products given, like, demand seems to be pivoting back to the older products and the environment hasn't even gotten bad yet.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: I think it's a very fair question. The Panther Lake launch matches exactly what we did on both Meteor Lake and Lunar Lake in regards to timing, so it's very aligned with how customers like to take products to market. Panther Lake is a great product both from a performance and price perspective for our customers, so I think you'll see a strong uptake of that product, right? We still see very strong commercial demand for AIPC. As they are deploying their fleets, as they're doing their upgrades, they want to future-proof their products and have that AI capability. So I don't think you're going to see that change in commercial. And if you look at our traditional ramp for these types of products, we tend to go faster in Commercial first and then consumers come on board. And so we'll have to balance where is the economy at the end of the year, but I feel very bullish about the Panther Lake product. And our customer feedback.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Stacy. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Michelle, I wanna go back to the comments you made about the server market, in particular about the Q2 guidance. I'm just curious as to why Q2 is tracking a little bit weaker. And then as we look out to the next few quarters, I know you talked about Granite ramping. Also potentially TAM growing from a, you know, per core basis in double digits. But at the same time, you know, we do have incremental competition from ARM, especially in head nodes where I think you guys have done well. So I'm just wondering how to think about, you know, maybe talk about why the guidance is a little softer for Q2 and then how to think about your market share for the next few quarters? Thank you.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yes, thank you for the question. As I look at Q1, I mean, we had a few hyperscalers that were particularly strong in Q1. And so, you know, you could call that, you know, hedging your bets or doing pull-ins or just balancing out their portfolio. But we don't expect to continue to see that into Q2. And so when we look at the overall macro demand, concern around tariffs and restrictions, as well as the stronger demand for older generation parts. There's more demand there than we currently can supply, and so you have to balance that as well. And then as I've continued to say, we're gonna do everything we can to stabilize market segment share. But that also creates a lot of margin and ASP pressure that we need to balance throughout the year. And so Granite Rapids is a great product. We are seeing excitement from our customers around that. Particularly in the consolidation, particularly with Edge AI, a lot of excitement from customers about finding ways to be able to offer service revenue there. But at the same time, as you said, there is good competition. And so we're just being, you know, I think very prudent in what the year looks like. We understand there is competition, but we've got a good product portfolio, but as Lip Bu said, we want a very strong Seydou ratio. So we're going to commit to a number that we can beat.
John Pitzer: Srini, do you have a quick follow-up?
Srini Pajjuri: Yeah. And then on Panther Lake, I know Lip Bu said, you know, it's a priority to ramp AT and A with Panther Lake. I know in the past, your target was to, I guess, bring in 70% of the die in-house, to 18A. Just wondering if that's still the target. And then, as we look forward to NovoLake, has the decision about, you know, internal versus external been made yet? If so, you know, maybe you can give us some color on that as to what percent or, you know, how you think about internal versus external mix for NOLA. Thank you.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah, both are great questions. When we look at 18A, our goal of bringing everything in-house, getting to a 70%, approximately 70% mix, remains steadfast, and there's no change to that POR, and Pantherlight helps us get on that journey. You know, talked about this in Q3. I talked about it in Q4. One of the great strengths we have is the fact that we do have optionality when it comes to where we build our products. We build products with TSMC, Samsung, and Intel. And so when you look at Nova Lake, really, what we've done is we've optimized at the SKU level the process node that we're going to use. And so when you look at Nova Lake, you'll see product both at TSMC, and you'll see product internal to Intel. But when you look at the aggregate of Nova Lake, we will build more wafers on Intel process than we are on Panther Lake. So that commitment to continue to drive wafer growth with our internal foundry partners remains steadfast, and there's no change to strategy there.
David Zinsner: I just add one other thing that just I come over the top of the organization on. Is we are going to continue to balance internal and external manufacturing of wafers. We do that because that's part of our capital strategy to maintain a reasonable capital intensity relative to the business. So just as much as, you know, we're pushing on filling the fab and making sure we're utilizing all of our assets and leveraging the investments we've made on the process side, we also wanna make sure that we're not over-investing in capital and are left, ultimately with a bad answer from a return on asset perspective. So that's part of our smart capital strategy is always to keep a certain percentage of our wafer capacity outside.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Srini. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley from Barclays. Your question, please.
Thomas O'Malley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. This one is for Dave. Little more shorter term. Just if you look at the first twenty-something days of the quarter here, I was surprised that you saw a little bit of weakness in the client. Obviously, data center down a little bit more. But could you maybe just give us an update on if you're seeing any pull-ins, any changes in dynamics from a geography perspective? Any customer behaviors that are looking any different for the first couple of days of this quarter? Just as it helps as a framework for the entire market and then also for you guys as well.
David Zinsner: Yeah. I would just say that, you know, for the first whatever number of days that is off, I didn't count it. So I'm assuming it is twenty days. We are off to a relatively strong start. But what we are anticipating and what's built into our guidance is that, you know, the macro is going to start to catch up to the implications of the tariffs. And so June is likely to be softer than our strong start to the quarter. But so far, we're off to a strong start. Of course, I can't completely rule out that it might continue through the whole quarter, in which case we're, you probably looking at the higher end of the guidance. But for now, we've built in the expectation that, you know, tariffs will start to weigh on the macro.
John Pitzer: Tom, do you have a follow-up?
Thomas O'Malley: Yeah. I do. Michelle, in December when we chatted when you when you first took over the job, you spoke about products being first. And, specifically, we talked about the data center side of things. And, I think earlier to CJ's questions, you addressed the edge. But if you look at the products that you've had with Gowdy, Falcon Shores inside the data center specifically, could you talk about what the strategy will be going forward? Are you planning on launching a new product think at the time you said, we need to learn with what we've already had, so we're not starting from scratch. But any update to that strategy, particularly inside the data center?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. I'm glad that you asked. Actually, you know, in the first five weeks, that Lip Bu has been here, he and Sachin have spent a significant amount of time relooking at our whole AI strategy, our portfolio of assets, how we need to come to market to be able to compete in that marketplace. You've heard Lip Bu really talk about the fact that we want a workload-first approach. And so in Q4, I talked about the fact that we weren't gonna build Falcon Shores. Right? And that we were gonna stay with the POR of Jaguar Shores. So we still have a Jaguar product on our roadmap. And Sachin and Lip Bu over the coming months or so. We'll start to talk externally about what our AI roadmap looks like, what we'll do in between then. And then as we really dive in with our customers on that workload roadmap, what needs to change. But I think you'll see us be quite aggressive. We know that that is a segment of the data center market that we're not competing in today. And we need a robust portfolio as all the customers are looking for alternatives.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Tom. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. Lip Bu, for the first one. You there are no quick fixes. So how much time realistically should investors be prepared for in terms of Intel's turnaround? Is it one year, two years? Three years? And related to that, what are the right metrics to measure that progress? Is it share gains? Is it gross margins? Is it free cash flow? So, basically, what metric are you optimizing for, and what is the timeline in order to achieve that?
Lip Bu Tan: Okay. Thanks. Good question. So I think, you know, clearly, there's no quick fix. And as you described. And as we're working through the roadmap and weekly update with the team, and then defining what is the new workload look like in terms of the, you know, the CPU, GPU, and AI and then driving the some short term and some longer-term products. And then shorter term, we may embrace some of the disruptive technology that's out there and we can partner with them to bring the market faster and then meet the customer requirement. So I think stay tuned. I mean, those are the things that we're working on. In terms of the matrix, clearly, want to have the best products. And that is really, you know, especially at addressing the edge because of your power efficient. And also able to drive the performance that we like. And time to market is critical on schedule. And so those are the things that we look at in terms of matrix to really deliver what the industry wants and customers want and that's something that we're working on.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a quick follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thanks, John. So on the IDM structure, Lip Bu, you know, given your experience in the industry, you know, what we have seen from the outside is that the most successful businesses in semis are either fabless or dedicated foundry. And a few years ago, when Intel started to give out financials for the manufacturing business, the hope was that that would turn it around. But what we have seen is just consistently negative gross margin. So do you think that just AT and A progress is sufficient, just kind of low single-digit top-line growth is sufficient to make this business viable? So at what point, you know, do you need to rethink whether this IDM structure, regardless of the way, financials are broken out, does it make sense?
Lip Bu Tan: Right. I think it's a good question. So I think clearly, we want to have that kind of a balanced approach. One is our, you know, the foundry got to be able to deliver the product that internal customers need. And also can serve our Intel customers well. So that we make them the simplicity also online schedule to deliver. And then meanwhile, you know, in that respect, we clearly view TSMC as our partner and they have been very good partners to have. And Morris and Cece are very long-time friends of mine. And we also, we now met recently, try to find areas we can collaborate and so that we can create a win-win situation. And then meanwhile, we continue to drive the efficiency, the yield, that AT and A and also look at with the customer what can we do on the 14A and then so that we can really wisely effectively using some of the foundry capacity footprint that we have.
John Pitzer: Vivek, thank you. Jonathan, we've got time for one last question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question for today comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks, John, for fitting me in. I guess maybe the first question would be is just as I think about the guidance that you gave and, you know, more importantly, the operating expense structure that you talked about 25-26. Just to be very clear, that that's exclusive of the pending divestiture of 51% stake in Altera. I guess that's just a point of clarification.
David Zinsner: Yeah. Let me decide what exclusive means. But, essentially, the $17 billion in '25 and the $16 billion in '26 actually assume Altera's OpEx is in that number. Now, you know, obviously, as soon as we deconsolidate it, it won't be. So, you know, the target of the 60 will come down. You know, dollar for dollar for what Altera is spending in terms of OpEx. But given that it hasn't closed, we don't know the timing of when it closes. It was a little difficult to provide anything. With that built into the forecast, so we just included it.
John Pitzer: Aaron, do you have a follow-up?
Aaron Rakers: Fair enough. I do. And it's maybe more strategic back to kind of the core data center AI strategy. And I know it's early days, but Lip Bu, I'm curious of how you think about, you know, RackScale, you know, networking and the pieces that Intel has internally to really compete in the cloud infrastructure AI build-out. Is it UCIE? Is there other pieces of the building blocks that you think strategically is needed to really drive if it's with Jaguar Shores or, you know, how that strategy plays out around the networking scale upside?
Lip Bu Tan: Yeah. It's a good question. So let me start first and then Michelle will add on to it. So clearly, the RackScale approach of the system, I think is very important. That we need to have a full scale in those hardware and software to do it. And then clearly leverage on our XPU in our CPU and GPU approach and then to drive that. And I think, you know, there will be something that we kinda work on and then come up with a killing product that we can really launch the product.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Yeah. Maybe I would just add that, you know, we are seeing great success with the IPU products that we've built. We will see at least double-digit or, excuse me, doubling of that revenue from 24 to 25. We also see optics as a critical element of that rack scale architecture as well. And I think I would just remind everybody that Intel is the only foundry out there that has an optics-based foundry option for our customers, and so we're very optimistic that those two things add to the overall opportunity to build out that RackScale architecture. Also just our OpenX 86. What we are seeing is that customers do love the x86 ecosystem, the software around it, and if they can build out an AI infrastructure with x86, they're very interested in doing that. We already have one large custom design win, and I would expect more.
Lip Bu Tan: With that, thank you for joining us today. We have a clear opportunity to strengthen our business in both products and foundry. We have clear priorities to better serve our customers and create value for our shareholders. I look forward to the work ahead as we build the new Intel. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone joining us today. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q4 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I'm joined today by our Interim co-CEOs, Michelle Johnston Holthaus; and Dave Zinsner. As you know, Michelle is also CEO of Intel Products; and Dave continues to serve as Intel CFO. In a few moments, Michelle will open up with some summary comments before providing more detail on Intel Products. Dave will then discuss Intel Foundry and the overall financials, including our Q1 guidance. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. And as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Michelle.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus: Thank you, John, and let me add my welcome. It's been roughly two months since Dave and I stepped into our roles as interim co-CEOs. From day one, we have been working closely together alongside the Board to drive better execution of our strategy. There are no quick fixes. And we are committed to improving our performance and rebuilding our credibility through persistent hard work that delivers tangible results. As part of this, we are driving more focused investments across the business. We cannot be all things to all people, and we are prioritizing areas where we can drive differentiated value. We are also continuing to simplify our business and become a leaner, more efficient company. And most of all, we’re doing a better job of listening to our customers to ensure we meet their needs. Q4 was a step in the right direction. We delivered revenue, gross margin and EPS above our guide. Intel Products executed to drive revenue in the quarter, even as PC inventory continue to normalize. And Intel Foundry drove incremental operating efficiencies while achieving key grant related milestones, which supported solid upside to gross margins. As co-CEOs, you can expect us to be very straightforward and direct. We only make commitments, we are confident we can deliver. We firmly believe that what we say is not nearly as important, as what we do. And everything we do must be in service of our customers. Innovating to solve their most pressing challenges is the surest path to creating shareholder value. This is the mindset I have brought to my position as the CEO of Intel Products. This is a great business with great people, partners and IP to design world-class products from edge-to-cloud. I take nothing for granted. But I firmly believe that the core x86 architecture and the ecosystem we have built and invested in over the decades, create a solid foundation for success. Our customers share this view. But they need us to improve our execution and hit our commitments. I am setting clear priorities and directions in each business to drive better outcomes. I think about Intel products in three buckets. First, client edge; second traditional data center; and third, the AI data center. Let me spend a few moments on each. In client, Intel CPUs power roughly seven out of every 10 PCs. This is a strong position that gives us advantages in the market. That said, the market is becoming more competitive, especially as we see new entrants trying to participate in the AI PC category. Personally, I thrive on competition. It drives a healthy paranoia across everything we do, and we are using it as motivation to up our game even more. The success of Core Ultra across, Meteor Lake, Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake has established Intel as the market leader in AI PC CPUs, and we remain on track to ship more than 100 million cumulative systems by the end of 2025. We are innovating at scale unlike any of our competitors. This was on display earlier this month at CES, where we launched the enterprise versions of our AI CPUs with compelling new features to Intel vPro. This is a testament to the strong ecosystem we have built with IT departments, around manageability, security, trust and brand. And we expect these investments to possession us well, as corporations begin their migration to Windows 11. Alongside our investments in enterprise, our ecosystem reach also positions us well in AI PC consumer markets. We are working with more than 200 ISVs across more than 400 features to optimize their software on our silicon. I'm excited about the new applications I'm seeing in the pipeline that will begin to proliferate over the coming months. Our goal is to innovate, partner and fortify our position, as the preferred CPU of choice. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we will strengthen our client road map with the launch of Panther Lake, our lead product on Intel 18A in the second half of 2025. As the first volume customer of Intel 18A, I see the progress that Intel Foundry is making on performance and yields, and I look forward to being in production in the second half, as we demonstrate the benefits of our world-class design and process technology capabilities. 2026 is even more exciting from a client perspective as Panther Lake achieved meaningful volumes, and we introduced our next-generation client family code named Nova Lake. Both will provide strong performance across the entire PC stack, with significantly better costs and margins for us, enhancing our competitive position and reinforcing our value proposition to our partners and customers. Let me now turn to our traditional data center business. The team has made good progress towards strengthening our offerings and driving better, more predictable execution. This year is all about improving Xeon's competitive position, as we fight harder to close the gap to competition. The ramp of Granite Rapids has been a good first step. We are also making good progress on Clearwater Forest, our first Intel 18A server product that we plan to launch in the first half of next year. All of this provides a strong foundation on which to build as we execute. The world's data center workloads still primarily run on Intel Silicon, and we have a strong ecosystem, especially within Enterprise. We are going to leverage these strengths, as we work to stabilize our market share in 2025. One of the ways we'll do this is by reengaging the x86 ecosystem. We have seen a positive response from the x86 ecosystem advisory group, we formed last fall, and we are encouraged by the enthusiasm for building both semi-custom and custom products. This is a big area of opportunity for the business, and we look forward to talking more about this as we have news to share. Turning to the AI data center. I will start by saying that this is an attractive market for us over time, but I am not happy with where we are today. On the one hand, we have a leading position as the host CPU for AI servers. And we continue to see a significant opportunity for CPU based inference on-prem and at the edge, as AI-infused applications proliferate. On the other hand, we are not yet participating in the cloud-based AI data center market in a meaningful way. We have learned a lot as we have ramped Gaudi, and we’re applying those learnings going forward. One of the immediate actions I have taken is to simplify our road map and concentrate our resources. Many of you heard me temper expectations on Falcon Shores last month. Based on industry feedback, we plan to leverage Falcon Shores as an internal test chip only without bringing it to market. This will support our efforts to develop a system-level solution at rack scale with Jaguar Shores to address the AI data center. More broadly, as I think about our AI opportunity, my focus is on the problems our customers are trying to solve, most notably, to lower the cost and increase the efficiency of compute. AI is not a market in the traditional sense. It's an enabling application that needs to span across the compute continuum from data center to the edge. As such, a one-size-fits-all approach will not work, and I can see clear opportunities to leverage our core assets in new ways to drive the most compelling total cost of ownership across the continuum. Before I turn the call over to Dave, let me close by speaking as Intel Foundry’s largest wafer customer. I have a pretty simple approach. When we are able to combine world-class products with world-class process technology, we win. As CEO of Intel Products, I’ll always make process technology decisions based on what is best for my customers. And Intel Foundry will need to earn my business every day, just as I need to earn the business of my customers. Having said that, I am confident in the Intel Foundry team ability to support my current and future product roadmap. And I’m excited to do more business with them as their process technology continues to advance. A stronger Intel Products, combined with a more competitive Intel Foundry, is a recipe for success for Intel overall. Dave over to you.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Michelle. Let me add my welcome. I’m going to address three topics today, update on Intel Foundry; second, Q4 and full-year financials; and, third, our Q1 guidance. Starting with Intel Foundry. I have had an opportunity to meet with a number of our partners and potential customers for Intel Foundry over the last couple months. I come away from those meetings encouraged by the opportunity we have in front of us, and I have received clear feedback on what our customers need from us to succeed. This starts with our execution on Intel 18A. This has been an area of good progress. Like any new process, there have been puts and takes along the way, but overall we are confident that we are delivering a competitive process. We are excited by the launch of Panther Lake this year and the internal ramp of Intel 18A in the second half that will support increased volumes and improved profitability in 2026. From the perspective of external customers, Intel 18A is a very competitive offering that gives each of them a reason to engage with us. However, foundry wins are about more than just technology. Trust is also a significant factor. Customers must believe you can execute consistently and be willing to invest in IP to port a design to a new foundry. That’s why past transitions in the industry have generally started with customers giving new foundry partners, smaller volumes then gradually increasing as trust grows. We have made good progress. But to accelerate this, I am asking the team to re-double their efforts on ease-of-porting, IP availability and best-known foundry methods. I am particularly pleased by the willingness of our suppliers and partners to engage with us, augmenting our expertise and hard work with theirs. Job Number 1, is earning the customer’s trust. The Intel 18A design wins to-date provide good validation of the strategy, and we continue to have a healthy RFQ pipeline of potential customers. But we won’t win every deal out of the gates. We will be selective and focus on areas, where we are confident that we can be a meaningful contributor to the success of our customer, and we look forward to updating you as RFQs become wins. In addition, we continue to have good momentum in advanced packaging and in our collaborations with Tower Semiconductor and UMC. All three are critical to utilize our assets longer for higher rates of return. This is a good segue into my other key areas of focus for Intel Foundry: improving our financials and making sure that we are deploying your capital appropriately. At roughly $18 billion in revenue, Intel Foundry today is larger than all but one external foundry. That is clearly not reflected on our P&L with negative gross margins and a greater than $13 billion operating loss in 2024. We are going to systematically attack our costs and remain highly focused on our goal of delivering break-even operating income for Intel Foundry by the end of 2027, and we expect to demonstrate improvements this year. The financial benefits of shifting our wafer volumes from Intel 7 to Intel 18A, along with learning to run our fabs more efficiently and our process nodes longer, will be important drivers of improving our financials. Beyond 2027, we need to drive to cash flow from operations that support our capital spending needs and ultimately generate a great return on your capital. I remain very optimistic on our opportunity at Intel Foundry. The pervasive growth of AI is driving accelerating and unprecedented demand for silicon and there continues to be an unmet need for greater choice and overall manufacturing capacity in the industry today. TSMC is a valued supplier to Intel Products and important partner to IMS, and they have established a very high standard for what it takes to be a world-class foundry. But the market overall needs multiple players, and, as we execute, Intel Foundry has a very important role to play globally and especially here in the U.S., where we continue to invest in leading-edge R&D and manufacturing capacity. We were also pleased to sign with the U.S. Department of Commerce a definitive agreement awarding us up to $7.86 billion in grants. As you know, these grants are milestone-based, and we have already received $1.1 billion in Q4 and have received an additional $1.1 billion in January of Q1. In addition, we continue to make good progress building out our Secure Enclave in partnership with the Department of Defense. We look forward to continued engagement with the Trump administration, as we advance this work and support their efforts to strengthen U.S. technology and manufacturing leadership. Finally, as you will recall, we announced our intention to establish an independent subsidiary structure for Intel Foundry to provide clear governance and operational separation. This structure also enables us to seek additional funding options from both strategic and financial partners, which we are now actively beginning to explore. Let me now turn to our consolidated financial results and Q1 guidance. Fourth [technical difficulty] $14.3 billion, up 7% sequentially and at the high end of the range we provided in October, as a result of solid growth in CCG, equipment sales at IMS and the edge business of NEX. Non-GAAP gross margin came in at 42.1%, 260 basis points ahead of guidance on higher revenue, better costs and the receipt of our first CHIPs grants, offset partially by inventory reserves related to Gaudi. We delivered fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.13 versus our guidance of $0.12. Higher revenue, stronger gross margin and improved operating leverage was offset by lower interest and other income, which includes an accrual related to our second SCIP agreement of roughly $750 million, reflecting an adjustment in our planned capacity ramp in Ireland. In Q2, we began the process of resizing our expense structure to support more modest long-term growth, including adjusting our capacity plans to more conservative levels, driving impairments in Q3 and this accrual in Q4. Q4 operating cash flow was positive $3.2 billion, down approximately $900 million sequentially due to the cash outlays associated with our Q3 restructuring charges. We had gross CapEx of $6.3 billion with offsets of $1.6 billion in the quarter resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $1.5 billion. As I mentioned earlier, we also received a portion of the CHIPs grants this quarter. For the full year, revenue was $53.1 billion, down 2.1% year-over-year. Modest year-over-year growth in Intel Products was more than offset by lower revenue at Mobileye and Altera, as well as the forecasted decline in Foundry Services due to the end of life on traditional packaging revenue. Full year gross margin was 36% and down 760 basis points due to Q3 impairments, lower revenue and inventory impacts. Full-year EPS was minus $0.13 and down $1.18 on lower revenue, lower gross margin and higher period charges. We generated $8.3 billion in cash from operations, made $24 billion of gross capital investments and generated capital offsets of approximately $13.4 billion from SCIP partner contributions and government grants and incentives. As a result, adjusted free cash flow was $2.2 billion and we ended the year with $22.1 billion of cash and short-term investments. Moving to segment results for Q4. Intel Products revenue was $13 billion, up 7% sequentially. CCG revenue was up 9% quarter-over-quarter as the rate at which our customers digested inventory slowed meaningfully from Q3. While difficult to quantify, we suspect a portion of Q4 revenue upside was due to customers hedging against potential tariffs. DCAI revenue was up slightly sequentially off a better-than-expected Q3, as demand for traditional servers remained stable. Revenue for NEX was up 7.5% sequentially and is now up more than 20% from Q2 lows, as customers are returning to more normal buying patterns especially in our edge business. Operating profit for Intel Products was $3.6 billion, 28% of revenue, and up $300 million quarter-over-quarter on higher revenue and reduced operating expenses. Intel Foundry delivered revenue of $4.5 billion, up 3% sequentially, on increased EUV wafer mix and higher equipment sales by IMS. EUV wafer revenue grew from 1% of total revenue in 2023 to greater than 5% in 2024. Intel Foundry operating loss in Q4 of $2.3 billion improved meaningfully sequentially as Q3 was impacted by $3.1 billion of impairments. Excluding impairments, operating loss would have been roughly flat quarter-on-quarter. Turning to All Other. Mobileye reported revenue of $490 million, up 1% sequentially, with operating profit of $103 million, and earlier today guided for full year 2025 increases to both revenue and operating income. Altera delivered revenue of $429 million, up 4% sequentially. Operating margin was 21% versus 2% in Q3 on better gross margins and operating leverage. For Q1, we expect Altera revenue to be down sequentially less than overall Intel consolidated. We continue to make good progress on the stake sale of Altera and see a path for an IPO in the coming years. Now turning to guidance. Q1 has historically been our seasonally weakest quarter of the year, down high single to low double digits percentage sequentially on average. In addition, we see added pressure coming from macro uncertainty especially around tariffs, balancing of PC inventory and increasing competition. These mitigating factors support a more-tempered revenue outlook as we come into the new year. As a result, we are forecasting a revenue range of $11.7 billion to $12.7 billion in the first quarter of 2025, down between 11% to 18% sequentially. Within Intel Products, we expect revenue to decline across all three of our segments at roughly similar rates. We expect Intel Foundry revenue roughly flat to down modestly quarter-over-quarter helped by continued mix shift to EUV wafers, Intel 18A samples and advanced packaging. At the midpoint of $12.2 billion, we expect gross margin of approximately 36%, with a tax rate of 12% and break-even EPS, all on a non-GAAP basis. Let me take a few moments to provide some commentary that may be helpful for your full-year 2025 modeling. At the consolidated level, we expect gross margin to improve from Q1. Intel Products gross margin was 51% in 2024 and is expected to decline this year due to product mix in both CCG and DCAI. Intel Foundry gross margin will improve on EUV mix shift and growth in advanced packaging despite expected depreciation growth in 2025 of roughly 10%. We continue to target 2025 OpEx of $17.5 billion with further reductions in 2026. We expect non-controlled income, or NCI, to net to roughly zero in Q1 and be in a range $500 million to $700 million impact this year, on a GAAP basis. NCI is expected to grow in fiscal year 2026 to a range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, on a GAAP basis, and increase further in future years, as we increase wafer outs at our fabs where we have agreements with SCIP partners. We anticipate that our 2025 gross capital investments will be approximately $20 billion and at the low end of our previous guide of $20 billion to $23 billion, reflecting further capacity adjustments to Ohio and Ireland, as well as better utilization of what we call our construction-in-progress. Specifically, we invested ahead of demand over the past few years and these capital investments will enable us to meet expected demand at a lower level of spending, as we drive to more efficiently deploy our capital. We expect 2025 net CapEx of $8 billion to $11 billion with roughly half of the offsets expected to come from government incentives and tax credits and half from partner contributions. De-levering in 2025 remains a top priority for us on lower CapEx, increased cash from operations and value unlock across our non-core assets. Finally, I’ll remind you that we will provide new segment reporting in conjunction with our Q1 earnings. We expect to make further changes to our segments, including moving the edge portion of NEX into CCG, and our auto business from All Other into CCG. In addition, we expect to move the networking portion of NEX, which includes Xeon sales, into DCAI, and the IMS equipment business out of Intel Foundry into All Other. I’ll wrap up by saying that Q4 was a solid quarter to close out a challenging year. With that said, our profitability is below where it needs to be, and we must enhance our competitive position in the market. Michelle and I will continue taking actions to improve the operational and financial trajectory of the business. We will remain focused on building a stronger Intel Products business and becoming a more efficient Intel Foundry. And by driving continued progress in these areas, we are confident in our ability to unlock value for all our stakeholders. Before we open the line to questions, it’s worth mentioning that the board remains intensely focused on the search for a permanent CEO. The search is progressing, but we have nothing new to report and won’t be able to add additional information on this topic today. With that, I'll turn it over to John to start the Q&A.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. As a reminder, we would ask each of you to ask one question and a brief follow-up question where applicable. With that, Jonathan, can we take the first question please?
Operator: Certainly, and our first question for today comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore : Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the first one would be for MJ. You talked about no quick fixes, but a lot of things to improve the road map. Specifically on the DCAI side of things. Can you talk about how much you think Granite is closing the gap. It sounds like Clearwater Forest is not mentioned nearly as much as far as a 2025 event neither from a launch or from a revenue perspective. So if there is any updates on that? And then just overall, what it's going to take? And when do you think we will be able to externally see that gap close versus competitors?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Sure. Thanks for the question, Ross. I look at it this way. So when I talk about no quick fixes, I think it's going to be one years to two years of consistent execution and continuing to see better products each year, really to bring our customers back to the table and be excited about Intel's road map. Granite Rapids is a good first step in doing that. It does close the gap. Our customers are excited about it, and we are starting to see the competitiveness of that product, materialize in volume. But I'm also very clear about where we stand. And so we've just got to see that continued throughout '26 when we get to Diamond Rapids, et cetera. So you also asked me about Clearwater Forest. So I really look at the data center market in kind of two buckets. We have our P-core products, which you know is Granite Rapids and then we have our E-core products which equates to Clearwater Forest. And what we've seen is that's more of a niche market, and we haven't seen volume materialize there, as fast as we expected. But as we look at Clearwater Forest, we expect that to come to market in the first half of 2026. 18A is doing just fine on its performance and yield for Granite Rapids, but it does have some complicated packaging expectations that move it to 2026. But we expect that to be a good product and continue to close the gap as well. But this is going to be a journey. It's not a destination. Ross,
John Pitzer : Ross, do you have a follow-up question?
Ross Seymore : Yes, switching over to Dave on the profitability side. Can you just walk us through some of the puts and takes on the gross margin sequentially in the first quarter? Obviously, revenues are down, but anything else? And then you mentioned that it would be the low point of the year gross margin in the first quarter. But what would be the headwinds and tailwinds as you think through 2025 as a whole on that metric? Thank you.
David Zinsner : Yes. Thanks, Ross. Okay. So for the first quarter, the biggest obvious contributor to gross margins sequentially is the revenue decline. At the midpoint, we are declining a little over $2 billion. And so that obviously on a mostly fixed cost business, that does affect it. We also did have a couple of bluebirds in Q4. One was the revenue beat, and so that actually elevated the revenue a bit. But the other was when we signed the CHIPS agreement, we were able to take some of the grant and accrue it, as kind of a benefit to cost of sales because it offset period expenses we had spent before. So we weren't sure we were going to sign it in the fourth quarter, which is why I didn't guide that in the guidance from last quarter, but obviously materializing that pushed the gross margins up for the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, I think what -- and we've kind of telegraphed this now for several quarters. Intel Products gross margins are going to be under pressure this year. Some of the parts have a higher cost, in particular Lunar Lake has a higher cost, as you know, because it is got the memory and package. And so we are basically buying that memory and turning around and selling it at the same price. So that's really weighing the margins down on Lunar Lake. So margins for products are going to be under pressure pretty much throughout this year. Then as Panther Lake comes in volume next year, more materially and in addition, the products beyond that, we will start to see some improvement in margins on Intel products. Now that was always to be offset in a lot of ways by the margins of Intel Foundry. We see more of a mix of EUV wafers. They have better pricing with a better cost. And so we will see a mix improvement throughout the year. We are also reducing our spending there in period expenses as part of our kind of overall $10 billion plus cost spending reduction. But it doesn't really show up in the first quarter. It's not until we get into the second and third quarter that we start to see that improvement show up. So those are really the bigger drivers of margins on the first quarter. It is a low point, as we talked about. The benefits are going to be really around margins improving on Intel Foundry. As the mix of EU wafers increases throughout the year, in particular, as we get Panther Lake in there in the back half of the year, and we are selling 18A wafers at a higher margin. And then next year, we have Panther Lake with more volume and all those wafers start to come back, and that becomes a really big benefit to Intel overall.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon : Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. First question just on the segment guide for next quarter. Why are all three product segments down equally when it sounds like you've gotten more headwinds just on the surface of PC's inventory digestion and maybe the roll-off of some of that tariff pull forward. What's going on in the data center and the NEX businesses that makes them as bad as a client into Q1?
David Zinsner : Well, broadly across all markets, and we didn't necessarily telegraph every market in terms of where we think. But I'd say broadly, we are a little bit cautious on the macro and that affects all markets. In addition, seasonality does play in most of the markets, and that does impact the first quarter as well. So I’d say, a combination of just macro uncertainty combined with kind of typical seasonality across all the businesses.
John Pitzer : Stacy, do you have a follow-up question?
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, I do. Thank you. So you also talked about increased competitiveness weighing on margins at least into Q1. So again, I presume that's a question on pricing. I guess is that right? Do you expect that to persist through the year? And how do you think about that competitiveness, potentially weighing on pricing across client and especially in the data center?
David Zinsner: Yes, okay. So our -- the co-CEOs are trying to figure out who should answer Okay, go ahead, Michelle. I think whoever wants to take it.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Yeah. The way I look at that is we do have increased competition as we see new market entrants particularly come in to CCG. We've got a very good product in Lunar Lake there, but as Dave talked about, the margins on that product are more pressured based on the cost of the product. But we are going to stem the market segment share decline in client, and we're going to go after winning every socket. That mirrors itself when you think about the data center market as well. As I said, Granite Rapids is a very positive step in a competitive direction, but we have to stem the tide of share loss in data center. And so we will be fighting for every socket in that business. And the way I look at it is we need to be aggressive. We need to win share, and we need to show our customers that they can win with us.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Stacy. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question please.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question under your new co-leadership. I would be curious to hear how your strategy has potentially evolved specifically for IFS.
David Zinsner : I mean I think -- and we've talked about this over the last couple of quarters. For one, we are not looking to spend ahead of success. And so you saw our CapEx guide come down from the [$20 billon to $23 billion] (ph) range down to [$20 billion] (ph), that's in support of that strategy. We want to absolutely wow the customers. But to do that, we've got to be very careful around what we're promising them as well. So I think what you'll see a lot of is a little bit more conservatism around how we deploy capital, how we engage with customers. We want to be doing more than what we promised to every turn -- to every stakeholder, including investors, including customers, including suppliers, so what have you. That's pretty much the strategy. The main goal of building a world-class foundry, that is still in place. We feel that there absolutely is a need for another player in the leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing space. In particular, in the U.S., it aligns with the government -- the U.S. government's interest as well. So we are absolutely committed to that. It's now about being very cautious and careful around generating the best ROIC for the shareholders.
John Pitzer : C.J., do you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse: I do. Thanks. I guess, Dave, another question for you. I believe that three months ago, the stated goal for 2025 was to be free cash flow positive, I guess given kind of the weakness we are seeing in Q1 and uncertainty, can you kind of walk through how you are thinking about the path to turning free cash flow positive?
David Zinsner : Yes. So we are not obviously guiding beyond the first quarter. But I would just say, we did a very good job in a challenging situation in '24 around cash flow from operations by driving strong working capital improvements, and we adjusted CapEx accordingly, and that helped stem the tide. So while we were negative in '24, we were closer to zero than we should have been based on the top-line results. I'd say it is more about the same in '25. We're going to be acutely focused on cash flow from operations, really managing working capital effectively. We adjusted the CapEx down, as I talked about in relationship to a different outlook. We do expect some pretty significant offsets as well more than $10 billion of offsets, which will also help. I won't throw out a number yet for adjusted free cash flow for the year, but I would just say that it is a focus that -- where we want to improve. I would say in addition to that, we have these non-core businesses, and we see opportunity to monetize there. That will help us delever because that's a focus of us -- focus of ours in 2025. We are far along on the process of Altera. I suspect that by the time we get to earnings next quarter, we will have something to say there that will help generate some cash that we can use to delever.
John Pitzer: Thanks C.J. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Joseph Moore : Great. Thank you. In the prepared remarks, you made reference to the sort of tempering of expectations of Falcon Shores. Can you talk about what was behind that? And kind of what does it take for you to get competitive in that space?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Yes, of course, I can, Joe. I think it really comes down to taking the time over the last six weeks to actively engage with the teams, look at our road maps, look at where we are from a competitive perspective and from an execution perspective, and that really resulted in that decision. A lot of conversations with my customers, as well in regards to what they see is needed to be competitive and to deliver the right product. And so when I looked at that, obviously, we have our Gaudi product, we are learning a lot from that. But one of the things that we've learned from Gaudi is it's not enough to just deliver the silicon. We need to be able to deliver a complete rack scale solution, and that's what we are going to be able to do with Falcon -- excuse me, with Jaguar Shores. Falcon Shores will help us in that process of working on the system, networking memory all the component functions of that, but what customers really want is that full sale rack solution. And so we are able to get to that with Jaguar Shores. I think we've also seen a lot this week with DeepSeek and a lot of the excitement around not one-size fits all. And so I'm also trying to look at the road map to say there is a lot of IP and assets that we have at Intel Product co that we can leverage to address this market. We've got great CPUs, GPUs, ASICs, FPGAs, and we need to figure out how we harness those because if we've seen anything this week, when there are constraints put on customers, they figure out different ways to deploy technology. And so that's also a great opportunity and something that I'm looking at and looking at if there is ways that we can be disrupted there.
John Pitzer : Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
Joseph Moore : I do. And thank you for your candor about all of that. I think separately, you mentioned in his prepared remarks about potentially seeing tariffs driving some pull forward. Can you just talk about how pervasive that might be? Is that conservatism that, that might be happening? Are you seeing evidence that's happening? Just some color on where that's coming from.
David Zinsner : Yes. I mean, we obviously have a fairly good sense of what customers need from quarter-to-quarter. And in a couple of instances, customers ordered more than we think they were digesting. And so it was really just the analytics that gave us insight into – they are doing that for a reason, and we know tariffs are big subject of a lot of our customers. It was in the region you might expect in the Asian region that we saw this. It is hard for me to extrapolate this beyond this quarter. A lot not known yet around what might be the plans on tariffs. I just thought it was a little bit of hedging going on by customers that pulled revenue into the fourth quarter and away from the first quarter.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Joe. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri : Thanks a lot. Dave, I also wanted to ask about gross margin. I think the message you were saying is that it's kind of 60% incremental, and that was kind of off of the [39.5%] (ph) that you guided for Q4, but obviously, you came in, you had these one-timers and now we're down to March. So can you just sort of level set us for kind of how to think of the incrementals from here?
David Zinsner : Incrementals from Q -- in other words, into [Q2, Q3 and Q4] (ph). Is that what you're saying?
Timothy Arcuri : Yes. Yes. Just kind of like is it off of [39.5%] (ph), is about [ 36.5%] (ph).
David Zinsner : Yes. The rule of thumb has generally been 60% in this period of what I call catch up. Obviously, we think we can do better fall-through, as we get more stabilized. The one dynamic in '25 is this kind of margin pressure around product like Lunar Lake. That probably pulls the range down to probably something more like in the 40% to 60% fall-through is probably the right way to think about it just for that dynamic. Now we get into '26 and you start to see a lot more 18A volume through Panther Lake, I think we are in the 60%-plus range at that level.
John Pitzer : Tim, do you have a follow-up question?
Timothy Arcuri : I do. Yes, Dave, also, so you took the CapEx to the low end, but there's $1.2 billion outflow that's in the financing section of the cash flow statement. What is that? I guess I'm trying to figure out just on an apples-to-apples basis, is like CapEx really coming down this year? And is that a line item in the financing section, is that going to keep getting bigger this year? Thanks.
David Zinsner : Yes. No -- let's see, let me go back on the CapEx. If you look at CapEx for '25, the $20 billion forecast, what's driving that lower is really a function of better utilizing assets under construction. So our philosophy has been to invest kind of ahead of what was required, and we built up a pretty significant balance in assets under construction, I mean, to the tune of greater than $50 billion. So we actually have a lot of capital on the balance sheet that really hasn't been deployed. And so what we pushed the teams to do in an effort to drive better ROA and return on invested capital is to have them digest as much as that as possible and limit the amount of purchases that we make externally. And that's going to allow us to get down to the $20 billion range. I would be – we are not doing any funky financing around this, but I would be in the spirit of transparency, say that CapEx is two things, right? It's what you place in terms of orders on equipment, and it's when you give them the cash. And so for sure, we are working the payment terms of suppliers to improve our -- to improve our CapEx, lower our CapEx, that is pushing spend out even as we are getting the assets in. But quite honestly, by the time we've actually deployed it and it's depreciating, we've actually, in all cases, I think, spent the money because it goes on to assets under construction and probably hangs in there for like nine months before it's ever deployed.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Tim. Jonathan, do we have the next question?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your question please.
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question. First kind of related questions are on the data center server CPU market. M.J. I'm curious, when you look at Intel versus your x86 competitor, do you think these share gains are because of better design or access to better manufacturing? And so what can be fixed and what will take time to fix or if you were to outsource more, right to external foundry does that help you regain share, and I imagine that applies more to cloud. And then on the enterprise side, have you seen any share shifts at all over the last few years?
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Thanks, Vivek. Well, as you look at data center and the competitiveness, as I said and stated earlier, Granite Rapids did a good job of making a good first step in closing the gap versus competition, but we still have a gap. And so we've got to be laser focused next on delivering Diamond Rapids. And the feedback for both of those products early is very positive. When it comes to external manufacturing, I've been pretty transparent about this in the way I think about it in my philosophy. The way I look at it is you have to have the right product at the right process and you have to deliver that within the right market window. If you look at Intel's overall today, we do about 30% of our manufacturing externally across a variety of partners. That's probably the high for where we are today, but it will never be 0%. What I can tell you is 18A is going well. They earn my business, obviously both for Panther Lake and for Clearwater Forest. But as I think about being more competitive in data center moving forward and I look at future designs, I will ask myself that question every time, as we look at the road map. So I think it would not be unfathomable that I would put a data center product outside. If that meant that I hit the right product, the right market window, as well as the right performance for my customers.
John Pitzer : Vivek, Do you have a follow-up question?
Vivek Arya : Yes. Thank you, John. So maybe one for Dave on this non-controlling interest. I think David said $500 million to $700 million for this year, so a little bit lower than I think the $700 million you had before. But then it starts to grow to $1.2 billion or $1.4 billion. Is this always going to keep on increasing, right? Like what is the right way for us to model it because the less you outsource -- I guess the more you insource, the more you give to Intel Foundry, the more reversals, right, you have to do on this NCI part, I would imagine. So is it a reasonable way to model how much of a headwind this is to your reported EPS?
David Zinsner : Yes, it is a good question. I mean, just to break it all out, it is more than just the SCIPs. SCIP 1 and 2, are obviously in there, but also Mobileye shows up in noncontrolling interest. And as we sell down stakes in companies like Mobileye and Altera, it actually exacerbates that NCI. So Altera doesn't have any NCI, but as soon as we sell a stake, it is going to have NCI. So there are a number of things that go into it, which makes it a little bit difficult to forecast because you have to kind of know -- you have to know two things with certainty, one, exactly what share of every asset you have? And two, what your production is going to look like in the fabs that you have these SCIPs. So what we felt comfortable was, was guiding '25 and giving you an indication for '26, it's likely to go up in '27. But I think it is probably too soon to actually identify what the exact number will look like.
John Pitzer: Thanks Vivek. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius. Your question please.
Ben Reitzes : Hi guys. Thanks a lot for the question. Dave and MJ, I wanted to -- I know in your prepared remarks, you said you look forward to working with the Trump administration. I was wondering if you could just give a little more detail about your initial talks with them. Have they reached out? And who's like leading the discussions from your side? And any color on what you're exactly talking about and what they're particularly interested in? I mean Howard Lutnick, obviously, it sounds like this is very near and dear to him during his confirmation hearings and would love to just kind of get a little bit more color on where you -- what you have done so far and where you think it's going? And then I'll have a follow-up. Thanks so much guys.
David Zinsner : Yes. Okay. Thanks, Ben. Maybe I'll take that as the co-CEO. yes, we have good engagement with them. We've really been engaged since the election, with the team at various levels, obviously, at the CEO level, but also we have a strong government affairs team that engages with them every day. I feel really good about their outlook on bringing semiconductor manufacturing back to the U.S. I think this is a very positive sign, obviously, for us. Quite honestly, we never left the U.S. So we are in a kind of the pull position in that regard. And I think they understand the value of doing R&D in the U.S. for advanced semiconductor manufacturing, which also is positive. They want to see more jobs coming back to the U.S. We pay high wage, high tech jobs. So that's obviously positive for them. But more importantly, this is about security, both in terms of just the supply chain but also in kind of secure manufacturing for the Department of Defense, which we are obviously in a position to do for them. I imagine that as we progress, we will be more engaged with them to make this a reality. And both Michelle and I will be meeting fairly regularly with the Trump administration officials to go make their goals or reality for the U.S.
John Pitzer : Ben, you said you had a follow-up?
Ben Reitzes : Yeah, thanks. I wanted to double-click on a prior question on gross margins and ask it a little bit more in caveman terms rather than incremental. You talked about 1Q being the bottom. I'm trying to figure out how high it goes sequentially, as we go throughout the year, given -- it sounds like you're going to be a lot more price aggressive in server CPUs and client CPUs from what I heard. So in addition to -- I'm trying to balance that with the thought of outsourcing more to TSMC for the year, et cetera. So if that's the low point. I guess what I'm trying to say, can you be more prescriptive in light of that pricing comment I made and if it's right, then just give us a little more color on where we go from the 1Q, that would be great. Thank you.
David Zinsner : Yes, I mean, we tend to be competitive in the product space. And also, as I mentioned, the cost structure is under some pressure, in particular because of Lunar Lake. So that absolutely will impact the gross margins on products. There won't be a lot of lift in that business unit through the year. And it is really not until Panther Lake comes that they, I think, start to see some better cost structure and have a part that's very competitive that I think allows us to perhaps even relax some of that pressure in a competitive market. That said, the Foundry business will see improvements. Over the course of the year, more wafers will be coming back. With Panther Lake, it becomes even better in the following year. We are improving the cost structure of the foundry business as part of our overall spending reduction plan. So that will also help. And then just keep in mind, these wafers that we are producing at Intel and 18A have much better cost structure and margin structure relative, I should say, relative to the price structure than their predecessors and that will be beneficial on the Foundry side. So in the caveman macro sense, I think the best thing to do is probably take this like somewhere in the 40% to 60% fall-through and that's probably the right rough order math to get you to where the margins will go in any quarter based on what you're projecting the revenue to be in that quarter.
John Pitzer: Thanks Ben. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your question please.
Aaron Rakers : Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I want to build off of that last question a little bit. During the prepared remarks, you had mentioned 1% in 2023 with EUV wafer mix and that progressed to north of 5% this year. Can you give us a framework of how you would define success looking through 2025, maybe exiting the year as far as EUV wafer mix? And remind us again what the delta is in terms of cost structure, the margin dynamics of an EUV wafer.
David Zinsner : Yes. Well, I'll say on the second part, maybe I'll answer that one first. I would say the price on those wafers goes up at 3 times the cost of those -- sorry, maybe said -- the blended ASP and cost goes up 3 times, as you go to 18A versus the cost. So it's a pretty dramatic improvement in gross margins as you move into 18A versus pre-EUV wafers. Probably, it would be tough for me to hazard a guess on exactly how we'll exit the year in terms of our percentage of EUV. It's definitely going to go up. Granite is on Intel3, Panther Lake is on -- Meteor Lake is on Intel3 or 4 – called the 4 three way node; panther Lake is on 18A this year. So we'll see a pretty meaningful jump in the percentage of wafers that will be EUV, as we exit '25.
Ross Seymore : Aaron, do we have a follow-up question?
Aaron Rakers : I do, and it's probably a dumb question, but I'm just going to ask it because I'm just a little confused that the SCIP impact, this $500 million to $700 million going to $1.2 billion. Just remind us again, though we are all clear that when you report EPS on a non-GAAP basis, that's in that EPS number, just so we -- I'm modeling it correctly. I'm sure my peers are already, but I want to make sure I've got that all clear in my head.
David Zinsner : I just want to be clear. It's not just SCIP. I mean that includes the Mobileye income and will include the Altera income to some extent. But yes, all of that in the NCI, we do take it against our non-GAAP number to get our fully diluted non-GAAP EPS number.
John Pitzer : Thank you. Jonathan, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question for today comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James. Your question please.
Srini Pajjuri : Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave, on the foundry breakeven, I guess target for 2027. Maybe can you talk about what are the assumptions behind that? I mean do you think you can get there with mostly internal wafers? Or do you need external customers as well? If so, what sort of revenue do we need from external customers to, I guess, achieve that breakeven?
David Zinsner : Yes. So we are still aiming to get to breakeven in 2017, as you pointed out. It is really on the back of internal wafers or wafers from Intel products, I should say. And it's obviously, a lot based on EUV wafers, which carry a better margin. And as that mix improves, that significantly improves the margins. But more importantly, I think the original premise by creating this different P&L structure was to drive the foundry business really at that point was just a function of manufacturing to be more focused on efficiency, to squeeze out more from the existing footprint, to be more sensitive to capital and ultimately, just think about ROIC in everything they do, and I think that has worked actually. I mean I hear it all the time, it is amazing the transformation we've seen in staff meetings and Michelle and I that attend that, they are completely pivoted to how to make money in that business. And so I think it is working. I think we'll see significantly more efficiency as we go into work through '25 and into '26. So I feel good about our ability to get to breakeven. Obviously, we want to have external customers. And so we have some very small amount that we've assumed for '27. But if 18A looks like it's something that hunts based on feedback from customers. And I feel like we will probably outperform in that regard in terms of the mix of external customers versus internal customers. So those are all the factors that I think will drive '27 to profitability. And ultimately, obviously, we want to get to push -- to breakeven and ultimately we want to get the business to a profitable level that's consistent with what the Foundry industry gets.
John Pitzer : Srini, do you have a quick follow-on?
Srini Pajjuri : Yes. A quick one. So on the 18A Panther Lake, I think in the past, I think, Dave the comment was that you expect to bring roughly 70% of the die in-house. Is that still the plan? And then is it pretty set in stone that you are bringing it back for sure? Or do you have any flexibility whether to bring back more of the die or less of the die if you need to. So just trying to understand.
David Zinsner : I'm going to let Michelle answer that because it really is her decision on how she builds her products.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Yes. So we did move Panther Lake inside of 18A design win. But as I stated before, we look at each generation of products based on what's the right product, what's the right process, what's the right market window and what allows our customers to win. So for Panther Lake, that was 18A. And as I said, we are very happy with where we are from a performance and yield perspective at this point in the process. So that will stay on 18A. Then as you look forward, to our next-generation product for client after that, Nova Lake will actually have die both inside and outside for that process. So you'll actually see compute tiles inside and outside. Again, it's about optimizing to what allows us to win in the market, what allows us to win with our customers and optimizing the overall product portfolio because at the end of the day, if our customers are successful, we win, that drives more wafers and Intel Foundry and that allows us to win. But I'll continue to have a balance. And as I said, we will be doing the same look across our data center portfolio as well.
David Zinsner : Great. Thanks, Michelle. So with that, let me wrap up by saying thank you, as always for joining the call. MJ and I appreciate the opportunity to discuss our progress and the actions we've taken. Q4 was a good step forward, obviously but we have a lot of hard work ahead of us, and we are looking forward to updating you as we go along. We hope to see many of you in person at the investors conferences we'll be attending in Q1. And I would also like to highlight that the Intel Foundry team will be hosting their second annual Direct Connect User event on April 29 in San Jose, and we hope many of you will join that in person. So thank you, and good night.
Michelle Johnston Holthaus : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to Intel Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now you should have received a copy of the Q3 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion does contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains reference to non-GAAP and segment financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP and segment financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that let me turn things over to Pat.
Patrick Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you joining us today. We delivered Q3 revenue above the midpoint of our guidance and we made significant progress on our cost reduction plan. That said, Q3 profitability was negatively impacted by the charges we referenced on our Q2 call. This reflects the aggressive actions we are taking to lower our cost, improve our efficiency, and enhance our market competitiveness. Dave will go into these charges in detail shortly. Operationally, Q3 results exceeded our expectations as we achieved key milestones across Intel Foundry and Intel Products. Underlying trends in the business are improving at a measured pace, and our outlook for Q4 is modestly above current consensus. Overall, our stepped up focus on efficiency and execution across business is having a positive impact. We have a lot more ahead and we are acting with urgency to deliver on our priorities. We need to fight for every inch and execute better than ever before and our teams are embracing this mindset as we build a leaner, more profitable Intel. Now, let me provide more details starting with an update on our cost reduction plan that we announced three months ago. First, we completed the vast majority of our headcount actions during Q3 and we are on track to our greater than 15% workforce reduction before the end of the year. These were hard but necessary changes that are reducing complexity and making us a leaner, faster and more agile company. Second, we have reduced our capital expenditures by over 20% relative to the plan we had entering the year. We are now well positioned with our shell ahead strategy to react quickly to market demand. With our transition to EUV now complete and the launch of Intel 18A on the horizon, we have a more normal cadence of node development at Intel 14A and beyond. In addition, our teams are maniacally focused on improving fab productivity, allowing us to produce more with less over time. Third, we have begun to simplify and streamline parts of our portfolio to unlock efficiencies and create value. We are re-establishing product portfolio leadership by narrowing our focus on fewer projects with the top priority being to maximize the value of our x86 franchise across the client, edge and data center markets. As part of our portfolio simplification, we will move our Edge business into CCG and refocus our NEX portfolio on networking and telco. We will also integrate our software business into our core business units to foster more integrated solutions that address our customers' most difficult challenges. We are evaluating other portfolio actions which we will communicate when appropriate and we plan to provide new segment reporting that reflects these portfolio shifts in Q1 of 2025. Related to our cost and efficiency actions, the restructuring charges we took in Q3 were significant and necessary to right-size the company as we reduced spending by over $10 billion in 2025. There was also a sizable impairment mostly related to Intel 7 equipment and space reflecting excess COVID era spending that we have concluded cannot migrate to more advanced nodes now that we have fully transitioned to EUV processing. From a broader financial perspective, the actions we took in Q3 go a long way towards delivering the 2025 financial commitments we outlined last quarter. Specifically, we plan to reduce non-product cost of sales by $1 billion lower OpEx to $17.5 billion and drive gross and net CapEx to between $20 billion to $23 billion and $12 billion to $14 billion respectively. We expect adjusted free cash flow to be positive next year and we will focus on decreasing leverage and improving liquidity. Let me go into greater detail on the business starting with Intel Products. We continue to focus on our core x86 franchise and the ecosystems we have developed over 40 plus years of investing. They are a tangible source of value and differentiation for Intel, our partners and our collective customers, and help to cement the x86 architecture as uniquely positioned to meet customer demands going forward. We are taking steps to supercharge and further unlock the value of our x86 franchise. We intend to drive new levels of customization, compatibility and scalability needed to meet current and future demands of next-generation computing and we see this unlocking a range of meaningful opportunities across all our businesses. I am particularly excited about our recent announcement with AMD to create the x86 Ecosystem Advisory Group. We are bringing together leaders from across the ecosystem to help shape the future of x86 with a focus on simplifying software development, ensuring interoperability and interface consistency across vendors and equipment developers with standardized architectural tools and guidelines. Broadcom, Dell, Google, HPE, HP Inc., Lenovo, Meta, Microsoft, Oracle, Red Hat have signed on as founding members as have industry luminaries, Linus Torvalds and Tim Sweeney. Turning to our product segments, in CCG, we continue to lead the AI PC category. In September at IFA, we launched our Intel Core Ultra 200V series processors formerly named Lunar Lake. This is the most efficient family of x86 processors ever created, setting a new standard for mobile AI performance and significantly out performing competitor platforms. Lunar Lake's combination of superior performance at comparable and competitive battery life positions us well to continue to define and lead the AI PC category. We also continue to nurture the most robust AI PC ecosystem in the industry with more than 100 ISVs, 300 applications and 500 AI models powered by Core Ultra and we remain on track to ship more than a 100 million AI PCs accumulative by the end of 2025. Next up is Arrow Lake, which launched earlier this month and brings the power of the AI PC to the desktop, delivering a huge leap in performance per watt and bringing an NPU to enthusiast desktop and entry workstation platforms for the first time. All of this is paving the way toward the launch of Panther Lake in the second half of 2025. Panther Lake will be our first client CPU on Intel 18A, a more performant and cost competitive process that will allow us to bring more wafers home and improve overall profitability. Overall, we are making good progress in CCG. Our share position is strong with a product roadmap and ecosystem that is increasingly setting us apart from our competition, especially in the enterprise market as customers continue to see increasing value from our vPro solutions. Turning to DCAI, our focus is squarely on delivering powerful AI systems that provide enterprise customers with greater choice and flexibility, optimal performance per watt, and lower total cost of ownership and this quarter's launches significantly enhance our market competitiveness even as we recognize we have more work to do. We launched our latest Xeon 6 product code-named Granite Rapids, which doubles the performance of the prior gen with increased core counts, memory bandwidth and embedded AI acceleration. The new Xeon 6 is tailor-made to handle compute intensive workloads with exceptional efficiency from edge to data center and cloud environments. This solidifies our position as the head node of choice in AI servers. Greater than 70% of [Technical Difficulty] servers are already using Intel Xeon as the host CPU and we have a significant opportunity to build on this as we continue re-establishing Xeon's competitive strength and market leadership. This quarter, we also launched our Gaudi 3 AI accelerator, which delivers twice the networking bandwidth and 1.5x the memory bandwidth of its predecessor for large language model efficiency. While the Gaudi 3 benchmarks have been impressive and we are pleased by our recent collaboration with IBM to deploy Gaudi 3 as a service on IBM Cloud. The overall uptake of Gaudi has been slower than we anticipated as adoption rates were impacted by the product transition from Gaudi 2 to Gaudi 3 and software ease of use. As a result, we will not achieve our target of 500 million in revenue for Gaudi in 2024. That said, taking a longer term view, we remain encouraged by the market available to us. There is clear need for solutions with superior TCO based on open standards and we are continuing to enhance the Gaudi value proposition. In NEX, we announced last month that we will be focusing the business on networking and telco as part of our efforts to simplify our portfolio, drive productivity, and enhance our market position. We will move our Edge business into CCG, which creates a meaningful opportunity to more efficiently leverage our core client business and extend our leadership to a wide range of vertical edge solutions, especially as AI on the edge accelerates. As a simpler, more focused NEX, we are better positioned to gain profitable share in the most attractive markets. In Networking, we continue to further Open Source Ethernet solutions for connectivity through our Ultra Accelerator Link and Ultra Ethernet Consortium. Let me now turn to Intel Foundry. A key part of our strategy is returning to process leadership through disciplined execution of our roadmap. Intel 18A, our fifth node in four years is healthy and continues to progress well at this stage in the development process. Our lead vehicles for Intel 18A, Panther Lake, and Clearwater Forest have met early 18A milestones ahead of next year's launches. In addition, we have seen good traction with the release of our 1.0 PDK last quarter and the material increase in the engagements and the number of RFQs we are actively quoting. While we will not win them all, we are confident in our head-to-head position based on feedback from potential customers. Most recently, as announced, we are finalizing a multiyear, multibillion dollar commitment by AWS to expand our existing partnership to include a new custom Xeon 6 chip on Intel 3 and the new AI fabric chip on Intel 18A. Beyond AWS, we added two additional 18A wafer design wins this quarter from compute centric companies and our pipeline of potential wafer designs has grown nicely over the quarter. Given our leadership and advanced packaging capabilities, we also added multiple backend design wins this quarter. We were also awarded an additional 3 billion in direct funding under the Secure Enclave program to produce leading-edge semiconductors for the US government. We are proud to be the US government's Partner of Choice to fortify the domestic semiconductor supply chain and ensure the US maintains its leadership in advanced manufacturing microelectronic systems and process technology. Moving forward, as we shared last month, we are creating clearer separation for Intel Foundry by establishing the business as an independent subsidiary. This is important to our external foundry customers and will give us future flexibility to evaluate independent sources of funding and optimize the capital structure of Intel Foundry and Intel Products. We are in the process of forming a fiduciary board for the new foundry subsidiary, which will include independent directors with deep semiconductor experience. In our all other category, our number one priority is to unlock shareholder value. For Altera, revenue increased 14% sequentially and operating profit turned positive in Q3. We also announced the introduction of our new mid-range and small form factor products, Agilex 5 and Agilex 3 to serve broad market customers and segments. With an increasingly competitive roadmap, the business is well-positioned to show continued top and bottom line improvements. Consistent with what we have said previously, we remain focused on selling a stake in Altera on a path to its IPO in the coming years. To that end, we have begun discussions with potential investors and expect to conclude in early 2025. For Mobileye, the company continues to be a leader in the development and deployment of advanced driver assistance systems and by providing Mobileye with separation and autonomy, we have enhanced its ability to capitalize on growth opportunities and accelerate its path to creating even greater value. The company recently hosted an AI event laying out a comprehensive strategy for camera-centric compound AI systems providing a full range of autonomous driving solutions. Wrapping up, our Q3 results reflect heightened focus, discipline and execution you can expect moving forward. We are rigorously managing our costs and improving our profitability to create long-term shareholder value. We are carefully managing our cash to strengthen our balance sheet and improve our liquidity and we are staying closely connected with customers and partners as we innovate to meet their most challenging needs. Q3 also reflected some very difficult decisions we made to right-size the business and I want to recognize the hard work of our employees. We put some points on the board over the past few months, but we are far from satisfied. We view every quarter as a new opportunity to up our game and continue to execute well and that is our mindset entering Q4. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter revenue was $13.3 billion up 4% sequentially and in the upper half of the range we provided in August. Intel Products and Intel Foundry both delivered sequential revenue growth, even as we navigated an inventory drawdown in client. Turning to non-GAAP gross margin, as you know, last quarter, we guided gross margins of 38%, but indicated that we expected incremental costs associated with our spending reduction plan and some of those costs would likely impact non-GAAP gross margin. We recognized approximately $3 billion of non-cash impairment and accelerated depreciation charges, primarily for Intel 7, which are above and beyond our quarter-to-quarter asset adjustments, driving our non-GAAP gross margin down to 18% and EPS to a loss of $0.46. This $3 billion charge reduced non-GAAP gross margin by approximately 2,300 basis points and EPS by approximately $0.61 per share. Beyond those impairment charges, we also were impacted by $15.6 billion of charges that are excluded from our non-GAAP results. These charges have three main components. First, we impaired our deferred tax asset balance by nearly $10 billion which was triggered by cumulative GAAP based losses over the last three years. Second, a $2.6 billion goodwill impairment related to Mobileye, which shows up in our consolidated earnings. And lastly is $2.2 billion associated with the severance of approximately 15% of our employees, aligned with our plan to reduce operating expenses to $17.5 billion and take out $1 billion of other cost of sales next year. This last charge is the only charge with a cash impact. The tax asset impairment charge will not affect cash taxes going forward and full details are in the 10-Q, which will be available tomorrow. Q3 operating cash flow was $4.1 billion up approximately $1.8 billion sequentially on better working capital. We had growth CapEx of $6.5 billion in the quarter, resulting in adjusted free cash flow of negative $2.7 billion. We expect the principal cash cost associated with the restructuring charges to land in Q4 2024. We have $24.1 billion of cash and short-term investments, paid down $2.8 billion of debt in the quarter and remain focused on delevering next year as cash from operations continues to improve. Moving to segment results, Intel Products revenue was $12.2 billion up 3% sequentially. CCG revenue was down 1% quarter-over-quarter as customers worked down their inventory as expected. DCAI revenue was up 10% sequentially, as demand for traditional servers improved. Revenue for NEX was up double-digit sequentially, as elements of this business start to recover off a cyclical bottom. Q3 operating profit for Intel Products was $3.3 billion, 27% of revenue and up $400 million quarter-over-quarter on higher revenue and reduced operating expenses. Operating income was negatively impacted by a $300 million write-down of accelerator inventory due to reduced revenue expectations. Intel Foundry delivered revenue of $4.4 billion up slightly sequentially, driven by increased wafer mix of Intel 4, 3. Foundry operating loss of $5.8 billion was down sequentially materially driven by the $3 billion impairment charges I discussed earlier. We expect losses to continue at approximately the same rate in Q4, minus this impairment charge. Next year, as we move to nodes with a better cost structure and realize the savings associated with the restructuring actions, we expect operating losses to improve significantly. Additionally, we are intensely focused on driving improved returns on our roughly $80 billion of tangible book value, most of which is associated with Intel Foundry. Mobileye reported revenue of $485 million and maintained full year guidance for revenue and adjusted operating income. Q3 revenue was down 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by a more than 50% reduction in shipments to China, where comparisons will become easier as the exposure is now significantly smaller. Cash generation was quite strong, as operating cash flow was well above operating income. Altera delivered revenue of $412 million up 14% sequentially, consistent with guidance to support improved lead times by our distribution partners. Operating margins increased sequentially by 900 basis points on better gross margins and spending discipline. For Q4, we expect high-single-digit sequential revenue growth, as we work with our distribution partners to prepare for the cutover to Altera independent warehouse operations. Overall, billings remain below consumption, as end customers continue to work down inventory tied to previous supply constraints. We anticipate inventory normalization will continue through the first half of next year. Now turning to our Q4 guidance. We successfully worked down client customer inventory levels in Q3, in line with our expectations and despite continued client customer inventory reductions in Q4, CCG should grow towards the higher end of seasonal, often abnormal Q3. Revenue is expected to be flat sequentially across DCAI and NEX businesses in aggregate. Based on these factors, we expect revenue of $13.3 million to $14.3 billion in the fourth quarter. At the midpoint of $13.8 billion, we expect gross margin of approximately 39.5% with a tax rate of 13% and EPS of $0.12, all on a non-GAAP basis. On a GAAP basis, as we continue to execute on our cost actions and portfolio decisions, we expect additional restructuring charges in Q4. We continue to size the business to support trend line revenue growth of 3% to 5% annually with the ability to scale up to 7% to 9% as demand dictates. We anticipate that our 2024 gross and net capital investments will be approximately $25 billion and $11 billion respectively. Our expectation is for adjusted free cash flow to be negative in 2024 due to the restructuring charges disclosed today and the uncertainty around the timing of capital offsets as we approach year-end. In 2025, with OpEx of approximately $17.5 billion and gross and net CapEx of $20 billion to $23 billion and $12 billion to $14 billion, respectively, we expect to achieve positive adjusted free cash flow. Before I close, let me take a moment to remind you of a couple of items as you model 2025 and that today's restructuring and impairment charges are in service to achieve this financial model. First, we are positive on the growing market adoption of the AI PC and our strong product positioning. As our mix of outsourced products and CCG grows in calendar year 2025 and we ramp Intel 18A to support Panther Lake, gross margin expansion could be muted, particularly in the second half. We expect gross margin fall-through to significantly improve in 2026 driven by the vastly improved cost structure of Intel 18A, the return of tiles to a meaningfully underutilized Intel Foundry and operational efficiencies. Second, the estimated $700 million on a GAAP basis of noncontrolled income from Mobileye, Altera, IMS and the portion of the SCIPs earned by our partners is expected to be heavily weighted to the second half of 2025 and will continue to grow in future years with the ramping of wafer outs at our SCIP fabs in Arizona and Ireland. In closing, our profitability remains well below the standards we've set and recognize there's much more work to be done to improve the efficiency of the business. We're encouraged by the progress we made this quarter to rightsize the spending, and our process and product execution, combined with a strong external customer traction in the quarter, give us confidence our strategy will deliver compelling shareholder returns. I'll now turn it back over to John to start the Q&A.
A - John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. [Operator Instructions] With that, Jonathan, can we take the first question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our first question for today comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on solid results. Pat, I want to talk about the 18A transition. Can you just talk about what are the metrics we're going to be able to see externally on this to give people confidence and the ability to ramp it? You've said it's healthy. You've talked about new design wins. But when are some of the true metrics going to come either internally or perhaps even more importantly, externally as your Intel Foundry revenue from an external customer base grows?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Ross. And obviously this was a good quarter on the progress that we had, three new customers, Amazon, which we were public on a few weeks ago, Panther Lake and Clearwater Forest internally, two new external customers added to that. So solid progress on it. Clearly, next year, there's not a lot of financial benefit from it because we're only ramping late in the year. Thus, we'll be giving more qualitative metrics on progress as we go through the year, Ross. We'll continue to update, give LDV updates, lifetime deal value for foundry updates as we go through the year. Clearly, as we get more customers, we'll be updating on that progress. It has much larger impacts on '26 financials as we ramp and bring wafers home as well as move into the better margin structure that we'll have on Panther Lake with 18A and across the product line. So we'll be giving clarity in that way, but it will be hard to tie it to specific financials next year, but this is super important for us. For our foundry business, for the industry. So we'll be giving plenty of color as we proceed.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a follow-up question, please?
Ross Seymore: Yes, I do. One for Dave on the gross margin side of things. Just somewhat chronologically, ex the charges, it looks like you're about a 41% gross margin in the second or excuse me the third quarter. I know that's not where you want to be overall, but that's much better than you guided. So what was the cause of the upside there? Why is it going down in the fourth quarter? And what are the big picture puts and takes that you're alluding to about the gross margin leverage or lack thereof, especially as we get into the second half of next year?
David Zinsner: Yes. Good question. Okay. So I would say the third quarter surprise was really associated with better sell-through of previously reserved inventory. I think that was the thing that upsided us the most in the third quarter. As we look into the fourth quarter, we'll have that better sell-through won't repeat itself. So that will be a fundamental driver of why the gross margins kind of slipped down absent the impairment charge. And additionally, we're going to have more start-up costs in the fourth quarter associated with 18A than we did in the third quarter. So that's going to put a little pressure on the gross margins. But I do think the 39.5% guide at the midpoint for the fourth quarter is a pretty clean guide. It has less kind of noise around it than some of the previous quarters. So I think it's a good kind of metric to kind of start to inform how '25 will look in terms of gross margins. We're not going to provide guidance yet on '25. It's still early. I would say the puts and takes of it are, for sure, as Pat indicated, we're all in on AI PC and in particular, we're all in on Lunar Lake, which is our next-generation product. As you know, Lunar Lake has the memory in the package, that affects the gross margins, and I think it's going to weigh down the gross margins on the product side of the business for us in '25. Now as you know, Panther Lake is the next one, the margins get better just at the product level, but they also include more mix of wafers internally, which also helps the foundry business. So as we get more volume ramping in '26 and Panther Lake, that's going to be helpful for gross margins. On the Foundry side, we will see improvement next year. You won't see it because we don't report it at that level, but we will see gross margin improvement on the Foundry side as we step into '25, partly because of the reductions we talked about. As we talked about, we're going to reduce our spending by more than $10 billion, $1 billion of it is directly in cost of sales associated with the Intel Foundry business getting more efficient in terms of their spend. Additionally, we're just going to be mixing more to EUV wafers. EUV wafers have a better pricing dynamic, they have a better cost structure on a relative basis. So we see improvement there. And I've been pleased with just the new model of managing the Foundry business with a P&L. I've seen all kinds of better decision-making going on, both at Foundry and at the Product side just to optimize their cost structure in a better way, and that should help as well. Longer term, I just think as we continually improve our product portfolio, both in Foundry and Products, that usually commands a better margin profile and also longer term be a tailwind. But not yet, I think, something that shows up meaningfully in '25.
Patrick Gelsinger: And I would just add that, as we indicated on our last quarter's earnings call, as we go through this restructuring phase, we're in the next phase of our transformation. With that, we're much more focused on the sustainable business model results, shareholder return, financial disciplines. The first phase is very much about getting back in the game. Getting process in place, getting shell ahead in place, getting our products competitive. So I think overall, Ross, we're going to be much more focused on it. Those are the tough actions we've taken this quarter on getting our cost base where we need to be. And overall, the operating margin, the gross margins of the company, overall cost base, CapEx investment, they're just getting a lot more attention from us as we go forward.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question, please.
Timothy Arcuri: Pat, I think you mentioned at a conference maybe in September that defect density on 18A is you said sub 0.4, I think. Can you just talk about how that translates to yields? Is that sort of a good enough number to translate into high volume? And what sort of number for, say, defect density does a customer want to see when they're looking at your foundry?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Defect density, it's a complex conversation, Tim, because that big die sizes have lower percent yields, right, even at the same defect density. So it's very variable depending on the particular die size of the product. So when we said the D0 of less than 0.4, that was a healthy yield number at this phase of the process development, that's not yet a high-volume production yield level. But we're not at that phase of the process development yet for 18A. So it's a number that says we are at where we'd want to be at this point in the process development life cycle. Clearly, as you bring it to high-volume production, which we'll be doing in the second half of next year, we have to be markedly lower than that in terms of defect density. But we believe that we see all the signs, the signals, and we're managing this very carefully to accomplish that as we get to next year. Similarly, as we look at today's Intel 3, we're accomplishing the defect densities with the maturity levels that we'd expect on that. But again, yield in the process technology is something you're never done with, right? You hit key milestones on quality yield and then you go into high-volume production and you continue to work on that going forward. I'd also emphasize that the Arizona ramp is important for us as we move to 18A. And that comes online in volume in the second half of next year and that's all on track as well as we have tool move-ins, EUV tools and qualification now, first wafers coming out of the volume fab in Arizona in Q1 of next year. So overall, we're progressing well, and we'll be giving you updates as we proceed.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow-up question?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yes. I have a question on Panther Lake, Pat. So I know that it's coming back in-house, but we do still hear that most tiles are still being outsourced. Can you speak to that? Is that a change or was that always the plan? And I guess when you look at Nova Lake on the desktop side, is it still being dual track, meaning that there is still an option that it could be outsourced or is it guaranteed to be brought back in-house? Thanks.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. Panther Lake, some tiles would be external, but the majority of the millimeter square in the package are back internal. It's more 70% plus of the silicon area is back in-house. So the majority of Panther Lake wafer capacity by a good margin is coming back inside for Intel. Nova Lake, we definitely have some SKUs that we're looking at continuing to leverage externally, but the large majority of Nova Lake and more of the additional tiles have come back in-house as well. So we still have some flexibility in the Nova Lake product, but the large majority of that is committed to the Intel Product or Intel Foundry. So overall, we are absolutely executing on the bringing wafer's home strategy that we've laid out. That said, TSMC has been a great partner. Clearly, Lunar Lake has demonstrated the strength of the partnership and one that we'll use selectively in our product lines for the future. But a large percentage of wafers coming home that meaningfully fills our factories that also meaningfully improves the margin structure of Intel and Intel Products.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question, please.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow on that last question. In terms of the optionality in terms of securing leading-edge capacity, obviously, you're all in on 18A. But if that were to get delayed, what do you have in terms of negotiated capabilities in terms of securing capacity in '26, '27. And on the other hand, if 18A proves to be more successful, how are you thinking about timeframe being more aggressive in terms of adding capacity in Arizona?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, C.J. I'll say we have optionality in the product portfolio that way. We have more resilience in our supply chain than competition does as a result. So we feel quite good about that. We continue to really value the relationship, right, with TSMC and our product portfolio is set up very nicely with respect to 18A capacity. Given our shell ahead strategy and the investments that we've made over the last several years, we have a lot of flexibility to scale up if market conditions require for our products, but also if market conditions require for our Foundry customers as well. And given the margin stacking nature that we uniquely are able to benefit from every wafer we bring home adds to the margin structure of Intel in a meaningful way. So we really are setting ourselves up very nicely for the future. And as we make progress on 18A,18AP, 14A, an aggressive road map, advanced packaging, which is uniquely based on Intel technologies and finding more momentum in our product line, but also in our Foundry customers, we really are starting to see the benefits of the long-term strategy that we've put in place with Intel Products with Intel Foundry.
John Pitzer: C.J., do you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse: I do. Following the better the consensus guide for Q4, could you give us an early read on how you're thinking about seasonality into Q1?
David Zinsner: Yes. So we're not going to provide, C.J., guidance for Q1. Let's work on Q4, and we can update you in January. But the average seasonality for Q1 is in the 8% to 10% range and we'll give you more color as we get into next quarter's earnings, whether we are going to be seasonal or see things differently than that.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And I'd say, overall, it's hard to say. We have geopolitical factors and other things that the world is looking at and I don't think we have any wisdom beyond that at this point. We're clearly trying to manage the business to a cost structure that we're very comfortable with. But as we indicated by the last question, C.J., we have a lot of flexibility to scale up if necessary or we have the opportunity to do that as well. And overall, there's quite a bit of uncertainty, I think, in the marketplace, so our strategy positions us well to deal with those overall uncertainties that we don't control, but we're very committed to control what we can directly do.
John Pitzer: Thank you, C.J. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For the first one, I wanted to go back to 2025 and how we should kind of conceptually look at it. I think at one point, in the trend line of 3% to 5% growth top line. Is that how we should think about sales? And then on the gross margin side, Dave, you said that muted expansion, right. And if I look at your Q4 of 39.5%, is that sort of what you imply for 2025? And I asked that because I think at some other point, you also mentioned headwinds in the second half of '25. So that got me confused as to whether it could dip below these levels. So just I know you're not giving '25 outlook, but you did give a trend line number and you did kind of give us the 39.5% metric. So any color would be very useful.
David Zinsner: Yes. So on revenue growth, again, we're not going to, for 2025, I'd say just that we are managing the business in terms of how we're investing in the business to a 3% to 5% growth rate next year, but over time, in our minds. And things turn out to be better, then that's good fall through to us from a profitability perspective. I wasn't suggesting that you take the 39.5%, you move it every quarter. Clearly, every quarter is going to have some unique aspects to it. Only that 39.5% was a quarter in which it was clean and it was a good proxy to start the calculation for the full year of '25. You're right, yes, we do see more headwind in the second half versus the first half given Lunar Lake becoming a more meaningful part of the volume over time for 2025. Again, that starts to improve in the following year as Panther Lake becomes more and more meaningful part of the volume for the client business in 2026.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a follow-up question, please?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, John. So maybe one for Pat. Pat, what does the future look like for Intel's data center if there is no competitive AI product. Is just being CPU-centric good enough? At what point does the CPU get commoditized like custom chips or replaced with ARM-based products. What is Intel's AI strategy right now?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Vivek. Maybe three different perspectives just to highlight. Number one is the CPU plays an increasing role in data center AI compute. Even in cloud-based environments today, head nodes are an area of strength for Intel Xeon already, as I reflected in my comments. As you go into enterprise AI, we expect to place a more prominent role, databases, embedding, refinement or much more attuned to CPU workloads. And our strategy there is CPU plus accelerator or CPU plus Gaudi. So we see the enterprise use cases having a very long life associated with them going forward. Second, as I said, Gaudi 3, good product and seeing good early interest from customers. We mentioned the IBM win, but a good pipeline of activities there. So Xeon plus accelerator in that regard. And as we launched this quarter, we also have the x86 Ecosystem Advisory. We are breathing life into the x86 architecture and we're seeing extraordinary interest from the industry, from luminaries and how we build on that momentum. So we definitely want to be very front footed with x86 for a full range of use cases, but also the AI use cases as well and the industry is quite interested in joining us participating and expanding the world's greatest architecture of all time. The most industry influence, the broadest number of ISVs and applications and continuing that momentum forward.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Vivek. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it. Two questions, if I can as well. So first on the Foundry business as you guys ramp that we start to focus on the ramp of 18A looking forward. Given the pipeline of the design wins that you guys have talked about. I'm curious, how large is your external piece of that, call it, $4.4 billion revenue in this most recent quarter. I think it was about $77 million last quarter. And how do we think about the pace of that kind of inflecting higher as we look out into '25, '26? And I'm just curious how you would define success in that external business?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. So overall the external Foundry business will be a modest portion, right, of the Foundry business for the next couple of years. The Foundry revenues will be dominated by the internal products as we've been building that portfolio for many years. So we'll ramp as we go through the rest of the decade. We said our financial objectives by the end of the decade are $15 billion plus of external Foundry revenue. We'll be giving periodic updates on LDV, lifetime deal value of external Foundry customers as we go forward. And indicators like we did this quarter of new design wins, new customers coming online. But the reported numbers for Intel Foundry will be substantially dominated by the Intel Products for the next couple of years. That said, we saw a nice growth, right, quarter-on-quarter in the external Foundry business and we did break profitable for the advanced packaging portion of that business in Q3. So we are seeing nice growth characteristics, nice business characteristics, and we'll be giving more updates as we go forward. Dave, anything to add on that?
David Zinsner: No, I mean, other than it was up a bit this quarter, but still dominated by internal business within the Intel Foundry business.
John Pitzer: Aaron, do you have a follow-up question?
Aaron Rakers: Yes, I do. Thanks. Real quickly on the server side of the business kind of off the prior question. I guess there's a continual discussion or debate of like Intel's positioning as far as stabilizing or recapturing its share position in x86 service. I'm curious as we think about Granite Rapids, we think about Clearwater Forest and Diamond Rapids. How do you characterize your ability to kind of your views of recapturing share in that server CPU market? Thank you.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Aaron. And I'd say our goal is stabilize our position and grow from that position. And this was a solid quarter for our execution. Clearly, Xeon 6, Granite Rapids and Sierra Forest now fully shipping and available are important milestones. Obviously, the AWS deal was a very nice deal because it reinforces Xeon, but also our expanding role of customization. So I'll say the first order of business is hold share and then regain share. The strength that we've seen for Xeon is this AI head nodes, these AI use cases. We have very good performance on Granite Rapids for AI use cases. And as we look to the future, getting just more competitive on basic power performance per core and fighting for share there is clearly the initiatives that we have underway. Clearwater Forest powered on, right, showing health of 18A, Diamond Rapids will shortly go into fab. So the roadmap is in good solid shape as well. So I'd say, overall, we feel that is a good pathway. And if I add to the last question as well for AI, I'd also emphasize that all of the energy has been in training. And all of us all of that associated with cloud-based training. But training is creating the weather model, not using it. And increasingly, I think, every analyst is putting more and more attention to how do we use those models? How do we inferencing against them? How do we retrain for our localized data? How do we complement that with RAG and database embeddings and all of those are areas that are much more CPU-centric. So the strength of our CPU and its unique power in some of these AI use cases as well as something we see the market coming more toward us and the strength that we've traditionally had.
John Pitzer: Thank you. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James. Your question, please.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Pat, I have a question on the Foundry side, in particular, the packaging business you have. I know even though there's a lot of skepticism about 18A, but I think you guys have pretty good packaging technology, and it's proven, I believe, if I look at EMIB and Foveros, et cetera. So my question is, given the tightness in the packaging industry right now, I would have thought we would see more interest in your packaging services. So I'm just curious as to why we are not seeing that. Is it because it's, I guess, there must be some nuances of using your packaging with TSM wafers. I'm just curious as to why we are not seeing more interest.
Patrick Gelsinger: Well, I'd say we do see significant interest in this area and moving your supply chains, though, is complicated and takes qualification time and many of these designs were first designed on CoWAS, and now they're looking at Foveros, and then they're looking at the unique technologies that we have like EMIB as well. So we actually see very good momentum in that area. Now those aren't as revenue-producing as wafer design, so they're not nearly, right, as large in size, but the pipeline of activities is very strong. And the quarter-on-quarter improvements we saw were largely driven by advanced packaging. Most of the external revenue that we'll see, which will be nicely up year-on-year as we go into '25 in the external Foundry will be advanced packaging and we also see healthy margins for that technology as well. So moving supply chain is always hard and slow, but the progress that we've seen already the design wins that we already include in our LDV and then the pipeline of additional designs that we are engaging in, all of us give us great optimism that this becomes a foundational piece of our Foundry business for the long-term. And as I noted in an earlier comment, we did see our advanced packaging now as a profitable business, a standalone by itself as well.
John Pitzer: Srini, do you have a follow-up question?
Srini Pajjuri: Yes, I do. Thank you. I guess a question on the gross margin side, Dave. I guess there are two issues impacting your PC gross margins. One, the wafer outsourcing and the other, you said packaging of the memory. I'm just curious how much of an impact that memory packaging is having on your gross margin? I suppose that helps your ASPs, but I guess it hurts your gross margin percent. So just curious to know how much of an impact that's having. And then maybe for Pat, architecturally, why do we need to, I guess, combine memory in one package? And is this something that's going to be ongoing or is it just a one-off with, I guess, Lunar and Meteor Lake? Thank you.
David Zinsner: Yes. And just to be clear, it's exclusive to Lunar Lake, but not Meteor Lake. And it's having a pretty meaningful impact, a significant impact on Lunar Lake's gross margins, and originally we were like a third of the volume in terms of our expectations next year on Lunar Lake when we recognized how important the AI PC market would be and how good this part was competitively. We pushed the volume significantly up. And so that has put some reasonable pressure on the gross margins for the total company.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And maybe architecturally, the second half of that question, Lunar Lake was initially designed to be a niche product that we wanted to achieve highest performance and great battery life, capability, and then AI PC occurred. And with AI PC, it went from being a niche product to a pretty high-volume product. Now relatively speaking, we're not talking about 50 million, 100 million units, but a meaningful portion of our total mix from a relatively small piece of it as well. So as that shift occurred, obviously, this became a bigger margin implication both for Lunar Lake and for the company overall. But we were very pleased to have the option to scale Lunar Lake and higher volume because of the momentum energy around the AI PC category. That's at a volume product and a volume industry like the PC industry, you don't want to have volume memory going through that channel. It's not a good way to run the business. So it really is, for us, a one-off with Lunar Lake. That will not be the case with Panther Lake, Nova Lake and its successors as well. We'll build it in a more traditional way with memory off package in the CPU, GPU, NPU and I/O capabilities in the package. But volume memory will be off package in the roadmap going forward. And we won't have this kind of impact that we're dealing with for '25 in the margin structure specifically around Lunar Lake. But again it's a great product. And we're happy that we have it in the portfolio and we've scaled it commensurate with the enthusiasm of the AI PC category.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Srini. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess the first question is on both CapEx and OpEx as you go through next year. And I think you were a bit clear about what the plans are and what the resulting free cash flow is. I guess, Dave, the question is how much flex maybe in those numbers, I guess, as you go through '25 and '26 as well given the fact that you do have to invest in new technology nodes, how much flex is there for changes in market conditions. Also recognize that you don't have very much revenue growth in the plan for that as well.
David Zinsner: Yes. I think on the $17.5 billion for OpEx, that's a pretty firm plan. I mean, obviously, we can make some adjustments here or there, if necessary. But we think we've rightsized the investments to invest in the most important areas that Pat and the team want to pursue. And so that, I would say, is relatively firm. Maybe there's just a little bit of variability there that we can make adjustments as we kind of progress through the year. The CapEx, there are three components to CapEx. There is what we're going to invest for the process, advancing the process. There's investment associated with this shell ahead and there's investments associated with capacity. We're always going to make those investments to advance the process. That will always be the case. Shell ahead, we will, but we have largely caught up, I think. And so now we're going to be more measured, I think, as we look to increasing our shell capacity. And then capacity itself then becomes the flex, the tooling out of shells, and we're kind of modulating that based on what we see in terms of demand and, of course, managing it relative to cash flow. So there obviously is flexibility there as we progress through the year and into the following year. And our goal is to generate free cash flow to generate adjusted free cash flow next year and there and onwards. So we'll be managing net CapEx accordingly. I guess the one other variable to the net CapEx would be any of the offsets. And of course we're aggressively pursuing offsets, some of which we know will already show up next year. SCIP will be a component of our offsets next year. We're also going to start to see some more meaningful impact from the investment tax credit next year, which we have already baked into the forecast.
Patrick Gelsinger: Chris, the thing I would, just to add a little bit to that, Chris, would be that now that we've gotten an EUV fleet, right, into our CapEx base, we have a lot more flexibility across that fleet. Largely, the CapEx used for Intel 3, 18A and 14A highly leveraged across it. So we're much more building to overall capacity requirements and not this very rapid 5 nodes, 4 years, get back to a modern fleet of capability. Obviously, the other point to add to that is now that we have finished this 5 nodes, 4 years, we're progressing to a more normal cadence of new technologies as opposed to this racing through capital. So that will also give us additional flexibility. And I'll say largely with the singular exception of high NA, EUV, the equipment bases are almost entirely the same across the 14A node as well. And even at high NA, we've built flexibility into the TD development that we have optionality to include or not include that as a central part of it. So we've built a lot of capacity. Now we're going to leverage that capacity in much more efficient ways for both a overall high-volume manufacturing and a TD leverage going forward.
John Pitzer: Chris, do you have a quick follow-on?
Chris Caso: I do. And I mean it's a good segue in the next question, Pat, and it's I guess a question about your comments on Better Together. And if you could kind of explain the rationale of why you think that's the case, obviously, there's various opinions on that. And if Intel would be willing or has looked at anything strategic beyond what the current plan is right now?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And I'll just say, we're very comfortable that moving to the subsidiary model as we outlined in the last earnings call, it gives us, I'll say, three things that we're aiming for greater operational rate integrity, right, as we create that clear separation, the opportunity to be able to communicate that more clearly and definitively to our external customers and then the potential to fund and manage the capital requirements of Foundry. That said, the vast majority of volumes through the decade come from Intel Products. The synergies of that co-development and customer zero aspect is very substantial as we see it. And the benefits that we get from the overall cash flows and managing the balance sheet of the company as we go forward are highly beneficial as well. So for all those reasons, our simple view is distinct but Better Together.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Chris. Jonathan, we've got time for one last question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question for today comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. In your opening remarks, you talked about narrowing the product focus and prioritizing x86. Can you talk about, practically speaking, what happens there? Does that mean, are there other areas that you're investing less in to focus more on x86? Is that a mindset shift, organizational shift? Just what do you mean by that?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And there's a lot of details behind it, Joe, but I'll just maybe give a couple of quick examples. We, for instance, create complexity in the server product line E-Cores, P-Cores across different socket types that complexity was maybe appropriate when the business was substantially larger and growing. At its current size, it puts too much complexity on our development as well as our customers and OEM, how many SKUs they're developing. So we've taken steps to simplify the product line, have fewer SKUs to cover the marketplace, and we're focused on the efficiencies associated with that. Similarly, in the client product area, simplifying the roadmap, fewer SKUs to cover it. How are we handling graphics and how that is increasingly becoming a large integrated graphics capabilities. So less need for discrete graphics in the market going forward. So simplifying the roadmap in those areas. And then the steps we took around our CCG and Edge business to be able to bring that together for better reach to the market, leveraging our core investments. So a variety of those, but many others behind that as we get ourselves, I'll say, in fighting shape that allows us to leverage our investments, hit our $17.5 billion OpEx that Dave spoke about and still have a very solid growth in a more profitable way for the future.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a quick follow-on?
Joseph Moore: Yes, I do. To the extent that you are kind of prioritizing the x86 leadership that you have. Does anything shift in the IDM 2.0 model? Is it -- they referenced that the arm's length relationship with IFS is still going really well. Like is that still a focus? Is there a benefit to if the focus is more on internal Foundry versus excess to marrying those business more tightly? Just how do you think about that relationship?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And clearly external Foundry, right, requires a different view of how you run and manage that business, but the wafers, the cash flows come from the internal business. So this subsidiary model is a key piece of how we're going to drive that cultural transformation, but still bring the success of an at-scale leading-edge, western-centered Foundry model. That is an extraordinary asset for us, for the industry and for the world. So we're very focused on making that successful. This has been an extraordinary journey to accomplish 5 nodes in 4 years and bring us from years behind to a leadership position in technology. And wow, it's just stunning to see what our TD teams have been able to accomplish there, but we're not done. We have a lot of work in front of us yet. We're well on our way to completing what will be one of the most seminal restructuring in the history, the steps that we took in our financial restructuring this quarter was very critical to be able to bring us to a point that we can say we have the capacity to and driving to long-term shareholder return. So maybe just as we wrap up, thank you, as always for joining the call. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our progress, the actions we've taken. Q3 was a good step. Now we need to finish the year strong and prepare for 2025. We're determined to get it right and I look forward to the updates along the way. Thank you and look forward to speaking to you all again soon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now you should have received a copy of the Q2 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger, and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains reference to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Patrick Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 profitability was disappointing despite continued progress on product and process roadmaps. With our new operating model firmly in place, we are accelerating actions to improve profitability and capital efficiency by more than $10 billion in 2025, which I will discuss shortly. For the quarter, we delivered sequential revenue growth in line with our forecast despite the unexpected timing of new export control restrictions announced in May. Q2 profitability was below our expectations due in part by our decision to more quickly ramp core Ultra AI CPUs as well as other selective actions we took to better position ourselves for future quarters, which Dave will address fully in his comments. We previously signaled that our investments to define and drive the AI PC category would pressure margins in the near term. We believe the trade-offs are worth it. The AI PC will grow from less than 10% of the market today to greater than 50% in 2026. We know today's investments will accelerate and extend our leadership and drive significant benefits in the years to come. Our efforts will culminate with the introduction of Panther Lake in second half of 2025. Panther Lake is our first client CPU on Intel 18A, a much more performant and cost-competitive process, which will additionally allow us to bring more of our tiles in-house, meaningfully improving our overall profitability. Another important driver of improved financial performance is the cost-reduction plan we announced today. This plan represents structural improvements enabled by our new operating model, which we are pulling forward to adjust to current business trends. Having separate financial reporting for Intel Products and Intel Foundry clarifies and focuses roles and responsibilities across the company. It also enables us to eliminate complexity and maximize the impact of our resources, taking a clean sheet view of the business is allowing us to take swift and broad-based actions beginning this quarter. As a result, we expect to drive a meaningful reduction in our spending and headcount beginning in the second half of this year. We are targeting a headcount reduction of greater than 15% by the end of 2025 with the majority of this action completed by the end of this year. We do not take this lightly and we have carefully considered the impact this will have on the Intel family. These are hard, but necessary decisions. Our actions will reduce OpEx to approximately $20 billion in 2024 and we see a bigger impact next year with 2025 OpEx targeted at $17.5 billion, more than 20% below prior estimates. We expect further benefits in 2026 with OpEx to decline in absolute dollars yet again. Even as we lower overall spending, we will continue to fund the investments needed to deliver our strategy. Our new operating model is also driving benefits to our capital requirements, giving us the transparency to more rigorously scrutinize every project and every dollar of capital. As a result, we now expect gross CapEx in 2024 to be between $25 billion and $27 billion. That is a reduction of over 20% from our plan entering the year and additionally reflects expectations for softer second half demand. Combined with strong execution of our smart capital strategy, including our second SCIP with Apollo, we expect net capital spending in 2024 of between $11 billion and $13 billion. These benefits will carry forward to next year as well. For 2025, gross capital spending is targeted between $20 billion and $23 billion and net capital spending between $12 billion to $14 billion. Increased capital efficiency has a positive impact to gross margins over time, but we will also accelerate improvements by generating roughly $1 billion of savings in non-variable cost of sales in 2025. Once again, these reductions do not impact our ability to execute our plan. We designed our smart capital strategy to enable us to conservatively manage the day-to-day business to trend line growth, while maintaining the operational flexibility to quickly and cost-effectively capture upside when it comes. We are taking the added step of suspending the dividend at the beginning of the fourth quarter, recognizing the importance of prioritizing liquidity to support the investments needed to execute our strategy. We reiterate our long-term commitment to a competitive dividend as cash flows improve to sustainably higher levels. Reductions across OpEx, CapEx, and cost of sales total well over $10 billion in direct savings in 2025 and provides clear line of sight to a sustainable model with the ongoing financial resources and liquidity needed to support our long-term strategy. We remain confident that we have and will continue to make the investments needed to drive long-term shareholder value and we view cost discipline as the compass that drives effective execution, helping teams stay on track to both prioritize and achieve measurable results. The operational and capital improvements we are driving will be especially important as we manage the business through the near term. While we expect to deliver sequential revenue growth through the rest of the year, the pace of the recovery will be slower than expected, which is reflected in our Q3 outlook. Specifically, Q3 will be impacted by a modest inventory digestion in CCG with DCAI and our more cyclical businesses of NEX, Altera, and Mobileye trending below our original forecast. Our outlook reflects industry-wide conditions without any meaningful change in our market share expectations. As we look into Q4, normal seasonal revenue growth has historically been in a range of flat to up 5% quarter-on-quarter. With improved client inventory levels exiting Q3, we see Q4 revenue at the high end of that range. Let me now provide more details by our key business units, starting with Intel Foundry. A key part of our strategy is returning to process leadership with our aggressive five-nodes-in-four-years march and the finish line is officially within sight. We are well into the ramp of Intel 4, Intel 3, and Intel 20A is been ready for production next quarter. On Intel 18A, we released the 1.0 PDK last month and are on track to be manufacturing-ready by the end of this year with production wafer start volumes in first half of 2025. Panther Lake for client is now running Windows and looking very healthy. This is the first microprocessor to use RibbonFet, PowerVia, and advanced packaging, achieving a significant milestone. Clearwater Forest for server, which also includes Foveros Direct and other key advanced packaging capabilities is booted and likewise looking very healthy. These are the first of many Intel 18A products on track to bring Intel 18A to the mass market. Importantly, the launch of 18A will be our fifth node in four years, completing an historic pace of design and process innovation and returning Intel to process leadership. Our team is resolute and determined to finish what we started and once we do, it will unlock further growth and value creation across our Foundry and Product businesses. Our investments in a global footprint of leading-edge capacity continues to weigh on near-term profitability, but long term, they position us to profitably participate in the largest and fastest-growing parts of the semiconductor market. We continue to expect the investments we're driving through this year to put us on a course for meaningful financial traction with operating profits for Intel Foundry troughing in 2024 and then driving to breakeven. To help accelerate [Technical Difficulty] our Foundry Services business, Kevin has led large foundry and fabless businesses outside Intel and is a great addition to our leadership team. He has hit the ground running [Technical Difficulty] considerable time with current and future Foundry customers as we ramp our process packaging and chipset capabilities for the AI era. We are also pleased to welcome Naga Chandrasekaran from Micron later this month to lead our Foundry Manufacturing and supply chain organization. He brings more than 20 years of leadership in deep technical R&D and manufacturing expertise that will help advance our priorities. Overall, our Foundry team is driving excellent collaboration with our design ecosystem partners. In Q2, Ansys, Cadence, Siemens, and Synopsys all announced the availability of reference flows for Intel's embedded multi-die interconnect bridge advanced packaging technology. EMIB makes it possible to cost-effectively scale to a larger silicon area by connecting multiple die in a single package, which simplifies the design process and offers design flexibility. These same partners also declared readiness for Intel 18A designs, and we will be collaborating closely with the ecosystem in the second half to prepare for next year's 18A launches. Beyond Intel 18A, we are well underway on Intel 14A and Intel 10A development. Even as we continue to extend leadership and innovation on our process roadmap, we are transitioning to a more normal cadence of node development. The normalized cadence will have positive implications for both pace and magnitude of ongoing R&D and capital spending requirements. Let's now turn to Intel Products. In our largest and most profitable business, CCG, we continue to strengthen our position and execute well against our roadmap. The AI PC category is transforming every aspect of the compute experience and Intel is at the forefront of this category creating moment. Intel Core Ultra volume more than doubled sequentially in Q2 and is already powering AI capabilities across more than 300 applications and 500 AI models. This is an ongoing testament to the strong ecosystem we have nurtured through 40 years of consistent investments. We have now shipped more than 15 million Windows AI PCs since our December launch, multiples more than all of our competitors combined, and we remain on track to ship more than 40 million AI PCs by year end, and over 100 million accumulative by the end of 2025. Lunar Lake, our next-generation AI PC, which achieved production release ahead of schedule in July, will be the next industry-wide catalyst for device refresh. Lunar Lake delivers superior performance at half the power with 50% better graphics performance and 40% more power efficiency versus the prior generation. Lunar Lake delivers 3 times more tops Gen-on-Gen with our enhanced NPU and will be the ultimate AI CPU on the shelf for the holiday cycle. Microsoft has qualified Lunar Lake to power more than 80 new Copilot+ PCs across more than 20 OEMs, which will begin to ship this quarter. Lunar Lake will quickly be joined by Arrow Lake, which will scale AI to the desktop category next quarter. And as mentioned earlier, we are already gearing up to launch Panther Lake next year to further extend our leadership position. So very good progress in CCG and a super strong roadmap over the next 18 months. Let me now turn to DCAI. This is one of the most important areas of focus as we work to improve our performance and market position. We have a strong foundation of which to build, including the more than 130 million Xeon powering data centers around the world today, and our roadmap is designed to build upon this vast installed base to deliver greater performance and efficiency, enable AI solutions that are open, flexible, and scalable and reduce total cost of ownership for customers. We took some important steps forward this quarter, starting with the launch of Xeon 6 with E-core processors, formerly codenamed Sierra Forest. This is our first Intel 3 product and is particularly well suited for high-density to scale our workloads. It drives performance up, power down, and dramatic rack consolidation. Early adopters are already seeing 25% better performance per watt versus competitive solutions. This will be followed by Xeon 6 with P-Core, codenamed Granite Rapids, which delivers greater performance for the most demanding workloads and will begin shipping this quarter. Looking to the future, we are excited about the launch of Clearwater Forest, our first Intel 18A server product featuring our industry-leading hybrid bonding. Clearwater Forest has achieved power-on and is on track to launch in 2025. As we've reestablished Xeon's competitive position, we are strongly positioned as the head node of choice in AI servers. We are also focused on improving our accelerator roadmap. We're delivering a combination of performance, flexibility, and value that is very compelling to customers, particularly cloud and enterprises seeking scalable, cost-effective Gen AI solutions. Our focus on open models, open developer frameworks, and reference designs combining Xeon with accelerators through OPEA or Open Platform for Enterprise AI, are gaining considerable market traction. Launching in Q3, Gaudi 3 will take our accelerator performance to the next level, at just two-thirds the cost of competitive offerings. To put it into perspective, we expect Gaudi 3 to deliver roughly 2 times performance per dollar in both inference and training versus H100. Gaudi 3 has strong ecosystem support, including Dell Technologies, Hewert-Packard Enterprise, Lenovo, Supermicro, Foxconn, Gigabyte, Inventec, Quanta Cloud Technology, and Wistron. Turning to NEX, we continue to see stability in Q2, while introducing new products that will expand our leadership in edge and networking into the future. As a founding member of the Ultra Ethernet Consortium, we announced an array of AI optimized scale-out Ethernet solutions, including the Intel AI Network Interface Card and Foundry Chiplets, which we'll launch next year. Our recent IPU adapter for the enterprise supported by Dell Technologies and Red Hat broadens access to the solution co-developed with Google Cloud. We expect the IPU to be accretive to growth and profitability as it becomes an increasingly important part of acceleration in the AI data center. We also announced the creation of Ultra Accelerator Link, a new industry standard dedicated to advancing high-speed, low latency communication for scale up AI systems, communication, and data centers. Combined with the growing number of use cases of AI on the edge, NEX is well-positioned to be an accretive growth driver in 2025 and beyond. Lastly, as Altera reaches full operational separation by year end, we are actively working toward capitalizing the business to generate proceeds for Intel on a path to an IPO in the coming years. We are excited to provide Altera with the mandate focus and resources to realize their growth opportunities and execute their strategy. We expect their increased autonomy will help to drive value for our shareholders, similar to the decisions we made with Mobileye two years ago and IMS last year. Before I turn to Dave, let me sum up by saying, it has been a hard fought first half of the year. We have achieved several important milestones and we are taking clear and decisive actions to improve our sustainable financial performance. We have entered Q3 with a very clear focus and renewed intensity to up our gain and are motivated by the progress we are seeing as we execute our strategy and realize our vision. That is the mindset driving us forward as we continue to build a stronger Intel. With that, I'll pass it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. Second quarter revenue was $12.8 billion, down 1 point year-over-year and up 1% sequentially. Revenue was in line with the range we provided in May after receiving notice of an export license restriction, which negatively impacted our client business in China. Intel Products and Intel Foundry both delivered 4% year-over-year growth, offset by headwinds in our more cyclical businesses. Profitability was significantly more challenged versus our previous expectations with Q2 gross margin of 38.7% and EPS of $0.02. Weaker than expected gross margin was due to three main drivers. The largest impact was caused by an accelerated ramp of our AI PC product. In addition to exceeding expectations on Q2 Core Ultra shipments, we made the decision to accelerate transition of Intel 4 and Intel 3 wafers from our development fab in Oregon to our high-volume facility in Ireland, where wafer costs are higher in the near term. However, this change resulted in approximately $1 billion of capital savings and will improve Intel 4 and Intel 3 gross margin long-term as we scale up the Ireland fab. Margins were also impacted by higher than typical period charges related to non-core businesses and charges associated with unused capacity. Finally, we saw an unfavorable product mix and more competitive pricing than expected. Q2 operating cash flow was $2.3 billion, up approximately $3.5 billion sequentially on better working capital. Gross CapEx of $5.7 billion was more than offset by $11.5 billion in grants and partner contributions, highlighted by Apollo's SCIP investment in our Ireland factory operations, resulting in adjusted free cash flow of $8.2 billion. Intel Products revenue was $11.8 billion, up 4% year-over-year. The client business grew 9% year-over-year as the AI PC ramp contributed to higher volume and ASPs, partially offset by export license restrictions communicated during the quarter. DCAI revenue was roughly flat sequentially and down 3 points year-over-year. We expect sequential growth in the data center through the second half as demand for traditional servers improves modestly. Revenue for the NEX business was approximately flat both sequentially and year-over-year, so excluding the previously discussed inventory digestion impacting the telco market, NEX delivered 10% year-over-year growth in the first half. Q2 operating profit for Intel Products was $2.9 billion, 25% of revenue and up approximately $400 million year-over-year, on higher revenue and reduced inventory reserves. Intel Foundry delivered revenue of $4.3 billion, down 1 point sequentially and up 4% year-over-year, driven by increased wafer volume on Intel 7 and our first EUV nodes, Intel 4 and Intel 3. Foundry Services revenue more than doubled sequentially off a small base, including the start of advanced packaging revenue. Foundry operating loss of $2.8 billion was worse sequentially. We expect operating losses to continue at approximately the same rate in Q3 with more than 85% of wafer volumes still coming from pre-EUV nodes with an uncompetitive cost structure and power performance and area deficits reflected in market-based pricing. The continued ramp of our Intel 4 and Intel 3 Ireland facility and elevated R&D and start-up costs to support the rapid progression of our leading-edge technology development will also weigh on profitability. Mobileye revenue of $440 million improved 84% sequentially due to non-recurrence of the significant inventory drawdown that occurred in Q1. The rapid revenue and margin recovery indicates digestion occurred in an organized, predictable fashion, and we believe it is now complete. However, difficult conditions in China, which are impacting many Western automotive suppliers, led Mobileye to lower their revenue and income guidance for the second half. Altera delivered revenue of $361 million, up 6% sequentially with operating margins improving 4 points in the quarter. Revenue remains below consumption as inventory positions tied to previous supply constraints are worked down. We expect double-digit sequential revenue growth through the second half as customers return to more normal buying patterns. Now turning to our Q3 guidance. Weaker spending across consumer and enterprise markets, especially in China, and continued focus on AI server investments in the cloud have reduced our TAM expectations for 2024. As a result, customer inventory levels are elevated. We expect customers to reduce inventory over the second half of the year, along with the continued modest negative impact from export controls. These market dynamics should result in below seasonal revenue growth in Q3 with the client business flat to down and modest growth in data center and edge markets. With an expectation of healthier inventory positions exiting the quarter and the continuation of an enterprise refresh cycle, we should see revenue growth at the high end of seasonal in the fourth quarter. We expect gross margins to be moderately weaker sequentially with modest revenue growth and efficiencies offset by a continued ramp of new manufacturing nodes. While we will continue our work to improve near-term profitability, a heavier dependence on external wafers as we ramp AI PC products over the next several quarters will pressure gross margins. As a result of these factors, we expect revenue of $12.5 billion to $13.5 billion in the third quarter. At the midpoint of $13 billion, we expect gross margin of approximately 38% with a tax rate of 13% and EPS of negative $0.03, all on a non-GAAP basis. As Pat discussed earlier, lower than anticipated revenue in the back half of the year is putting pressure on gross margins and earnings. We are taking aggressive actions to significantly reduce spending in response. These actions, while difficult, will help streamline the organization to improve productivity and make better decisions more quickly. Please note that we are likely to have charges associated with these actions, some of which may be included in our non-GAAP results. Since we have not yet estimated these charges, they are not included in our guidance. Smart Capital continues to guide the pace and breadth of our global capacity expansion and our new operating model has uncovered opportunities to build and utilize manufacturing capacity more efficiently. Additionally, we've responded to lower revenue by reducing 2024 gross capital investments to a range of $25 billion to $27 billion with a net capital spending of $11 billion to $13 billion, including our SCIP programs. These adjustments ordinarily would bring us back to approximately breakeven adjusted free cash flow, but we now expect adjusted free cash flow to be modestly negative as we make payments related to the restructuring charges necessary to achieve our spending targets. In 2025, with OpEx of approximately $17.5 billion and net CapEx of $12 billion to $14 billion, we expect to achieve positive adjusted free cash flow. The suspension of the dividend, initial Altera capitalization, and positive adjusted free cash flow should significantly improve our liquidity in 2025 and position us to begin the process of meaningfully decreasing our leverage. Before I close, let me take a moment to highlight a couple of items as you model 2025. As previously mentioned, we expect operating expenses to be reduced from Street expectations of $21 billion to approximately $17.5 billion. We will also reduce spending within non-variable cost of sales by approximately $1 billion. While that will obviously have a positive impact on gross margins, we still only expect a roughly 60% fall-through for gross margin next year. The AI PC is a big winner for the company and the early signals on the performance of Lunar Lake are very positive. We therefore intend to ramp that product significantly next year to meet market demand. While the product is great, it was originally a narrowly targeted product using largely external wafers and not optimized for cost. As a result, our gross margins will likely be up only modestly next year. The good news is the follow-on product, Panther Lake, is internally sourced on 18A and has a much improved cost structure. As the momentum of AI PCs drives Panther Lake demand, together with the improvements from our new operating model and the cost savings from our lower capital spending, we will be in a great position to see meaningful gross margin expansion in subsequent years. Lastly, the non-controlled income from Mobileye, Altera, and IMF and the portion of the SCIPs earned by our partners show up on a line below net income called non-controlling interest. The NCI adjustment has been negligible so far, but we expect it to be a more meaningful driver, reducing our controlled share of income by approximately $700 million on a GAAP basis in 2025 and increasing as wafer production at our SCIP fabs in Arizona and Ireland increases in subsequent years. In closing, the market has not recovered as expected and we're obviously not satisfied with our results. We're responding by aggressively adjusting 2025 spending to achieve profitability and positive adjusted free cash flow that is commensurate with the current market conditions, while continuing to invest in and execute our strategy. In addition to these near-term actions, we're also seeing meaningful opportunities to improve financial results, leveraging our new operating model. We remain optimistic that reduced spending, operating efficiencies, and more competitive products will keep us on track to our target model of 60% gross margin and 40% operating margin by the end of the decade. I'll now turn it back over to John to start the Q&A.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. As a reminder, we would ask each of you to ask one question and a brief follow-up question where appropriate. With that, Jonathan, can we please take the first caller?
Operator: Certainly, our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Pat, big picture, are the challenges the product issue, market issue, strategic issue, execution issue, I'm just wondering has the core issues been accurately diagnosed, because when we look at your CPU competitor, they appear to be doing much better in this same environment. So I'm curious what is plan B if just cost cuts don't do the job?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Vivek. I'll start out, would say that this first phase of the recovery, restoration, and rebuilding plan is now well underway. With 18A, PDK 1.0, with Panther Lake, Clearwater Forest powered-on, our geo footprint now starting to take shape, we have more competitive products in every segment of the industry. That said, with that foundation in place, it's time for us to focus on Phase 2, building a more financially sustainable model for the company for the future. Many of the new products are yet to ramp into the marketplace and we're just now getting to competitiveness. But we need to build a more sustainable business model for us that allows us to have the financial wherewithal for the long-term journey. I'd say this rebuilding that we're underway, this is the most significant rebuilding of Intel since the transition from memory to microprocessors four decades ago. We firmly believe in the IDM 2.0 strategy. We're building two world-class companies. The forensics that we've done this year, this clean sheet exercise as we could describe it, is building a world-class Intel Foundry and building a world-class Intel Products Group. These efforts we believe have identified many opportunities for us to have financial savings. We've launched those aggressive steps today, and we believe that with the new products, a better financial position that we've done for a more efficient operation that we see the long-term opportunity for significant value creation for all of our stakeholders.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, John. For my follow-up, I'm curious, what impact do the restrictions -- sorry, the restructuring actions have on either your R&D roadmap, your long-term external foundry opportunity, and any CHIPS Act funding? I think in the past you had suggested about $15 billion in long-term value from external foundry, is there any impact on those growth targets because of the restructuring action? Just what changes with these restructuring actions? Thank you.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you, Vivek. And fundamentally, we believe our strategy will be maintained even as we get these more efficient steps in place. The CHIPS grants -- taking your questions sort of one-by-one, on the CHIP side, these are milestone-based investments. We still believe that we're comfortably able to execute against those milestones across the projects that we've announced. So we believe very comfortably that the CHIPS model that we've put in place, we've worked closely with the CHIPS program office in the U.S. government, we're very comfortable on those plans. Also, the foundry, we are seeing a lot of momentum in areas like the advanced packaging areas where we're actually seeing quite a lot of uptake and expansion of those opportunities. So the $15 billion of LDV that we've talked about and the $15 billion revenue by the end of the decade, we're very confident that those are still very solid guidelines for us to be building to. Obviously, with the capital changes that we've made, we're going to be driving just like a world-class foundry does to be much more efficient with our capital investments and scrutinizing them more carefully. And now that we've paid the capital to catch up, and I'll view -- this catch-up capital, we had no spare capacity, we had no site ahead, show ahead. We had no capacity to catch up. As those investments are now largely completed, we're able to focus much more on capital efficiency for the future and aligning our capital spend to the market signals as we see to the future of our products as well as the foundry commitments that we have in place. Finally, I'll just say, again, we're building this against the market outlook. We're going to flex our investments up and down appropriately, and we've now established a model with our smart capital to have that effectiveness that we can scale up and down to market conditions. So we feel like all of the things that we said for our strategy on track and we're now moving into Phase 2 of the execution of that strategy.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Vivek. Jonathan, can we have the next caller, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Kind of want to follow-up on the first two, and Pat, maybe just ask it a different way. Part of what you're saying, it sounds like you're adjusting your spending across the board to reflect the macro reality, slower growth, et cetera, et cetera, but it seems like that would be difficult to do if it didn't impact any of the structural dynamics as well. So I guess the real question is, are there any changes either to your competitiveness, the structure of the company, the long-term $100 billion target that you just saw weren't happening and therefore felt these cuts were necessary, so do any of the structural changes -- or can you describe any of the structural changes and what the outcome to your financial targets might be?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, let me point you back to what I said at the start. We started this forensics, this clean sheet analysis concurrent with the rolling out of our new operational model. We said we have to be a world-class foundry. We are going to benchmark ourselves against world-class foundries and that's what Intel Foundry is going to become, and that's uncovered a lot of things, a lot of inefficiencies, a lot of ways that we can drive our capital footprint more effectively, and every aspect of that business is being analyzed and how we do maintenance, how we procure chemicals, how we run and price wafers and shuttle lots and everything like that so clean sheet analysis. Similarly, on the product side, we've done exactly that same analysis. What does a world-class fabulous company look like. And we uncover quite a lot of areas where we don't leverage industry IPs. We're not using our EDA vendors as effectively. We've done too many steppings. We validate versus build-in design quality. So many of these things are steps that we're taking to be a world-class Fabless company, and these are significant structural steps. We also realized that as an IDM 1.0, we were never built for efficiency. We were built for leadership. And now as we add this focus on efficiency, we see a lot of opportunities. I'm having each of the four business areas, client, networking, and data center, look at their own portfolios, even though those are the right product areas for us for the future, and similarly, the portfolio of our Intel Foundry business and that's the work that we've now been undertaking and we're now accelerating based on the less than expected quarterly results, we're accelerating those impacts. We're going to drive that in the second half of this year. We want to get these restructurings done quickly so that we can move forward more aggressively with the product lines next year. In terms of the long-term forecast, we're clearly tempering our view of how fast we can grow in the near-term based on the market conditions. But our model is built that we will scale up or scale down the capital requirements appropriate to the market conditions we see. We believe the long-term guidance that we've given you, the 60:40, getting to the Foundry business model we've described, the growth areas that we've said, those are larger portions of our business. We believe those are long-term still achievable in that regard and we're on track for many of those things in the models that we're laying out and today's actions will help accelerate us achieving those.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a quick follow-up?
Ross Seymore: Yes, I do. Dave, you went through with the good details of the cost structure and what would change the puts and takes for next year. I wondered -- I know you're not going to guide to 2025 revenue, but the puts and takes from maybe a competitive positioning point-of-view, how you're feeling in CCG, DCAI, primarily relative to the competition, any sort of tailwind, headwind analysis or description for 2025 would be helpful.
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. On the client side, obviously, we feel very good given our AI PC position, we're leading that new product category. And I think we talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about Lunar Lake, our next product coming in after Meteor Lake and the performance of that, so that looks like a phenomenally good product and position. We're making the early inroads on the AI side of data center and that's only going to grow as we go into next year. The big question is when does the kind of traditional CPU market recover? It has been tempered this year, and of course, affected by other regions of the world like China spending and so forth. That's obviously been a soft space and so we'll have to see how that plays out. And then NEX, obviously also outside of the telco space is starting to recover. And then we have these other businesses, Altera is starting to recover now. So we're optimistic that next year will be a good year for them and we'll have to see how Mobileye plays out ultimately. I think on the margin front, I talked about our kind of tempered view of gross margins next year, given the ramp of Lunar Lake, which with memory and package and almost all of the material getting sourced outside and they're seeing -- we're seeing inflation in that space that is impacting it. But that part is followed by Panther Lake, that comes back into the fab. And I think one of the bigger stories we'll have once we get beyond next year is kind of the resurgence of our internal facilities to start taking on a lot of the capacity that we had to move into the external sources should provide some meaningful improvement in terms of -- in terms of profitability. And then, of course, we've done a lot, as Pat talked about in terms of restructuring the business and those will start to show up next year, but will be even more impactful the following year, including the new operating model. So I think the good news for us is we actually don't need a ton of growth to see our model play out, both in the kind of medium term and long term in terms of gross margins and operating margins. And if we do get the growth, it puts us in an even better position.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next caller, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question, please.
CJ Muse: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, Dave, a follow-up to that prior question. I was hoping you could perhaps speak to how to think about gross margins beyond 2025. It's obviously very hard to offer the leverage when you're investing in both foundry capacity and at the same time outsourcing meaningful tiles to TSM. So encouraging that you're bringing Panther Lake back in-house. How should we think about incremental margins there? And any of the other kind of moving parts that you've been speaking about on this call, including the unfavorable product mix and the more competitive pricing. Is that just a near-term kind of phenomenon or something else we should be thinking about into 2025, 2026?
David Zinsner: Yes. So as I talked about to Ross, CJ, the good news for 2026 for us is that, that really begins the shift back to the internal manufacturing footprint for a lot of our tiles and so bringing back more wafers to the internal network will meaningfully improve the cost structure. I think the adjustments in CapEx, which are clearly helpful in terms of cash flow in the near term become really beneficial to the cost structure as depreciation becomes kind of less of a headwind for us, so that will also be helpful. And then like I said, we've got all these structural improvements that are coming our way, both from the actions we've taken today, but the new operating model and decisions will get made on a go-forward basis that will just optimize our business model going forward. I think 2026 should be a good year for us in terms of gross margins. We'll save the actual number for a later date when we have more visibility into how things are playing out. I think from a mix perspective, it's probably not going to be a big headwind or tailwind for us, just strict mix other than as we move towards more leading-edge wafers, the margins on those wafers are significantly better than the margins in pre-EUV nodes. So that will -- that will be one factor that will certainly help us. It also -- in that regard, that also helps us on the pricing side because, obviously, from a wafer perspective, we get better pricing on EUV wafers as opposed to pre-EUV wafers. And then ultimately, I think on pricing, it will really come down to when we have a competitive process and we have competitive products running on a competitive process and we're delivering what the customers want, that helps us in terms of the pricing dynamic. And we're getting to the place as Pat talked about where we're starting to deliver on all those fronts. And so I feel good about our opportunity to realize that in the form of pricing as we progress through the next few years.
Patrick Gelsinger: And just one thing to add on top of that, just to clarify, with Panther Lake already powered on, right, and showing good health, that is a product that we start ramping in the second half of next year, right? So we'll start to see some of those benefits, but obviously, the huge volume benefits of that really are in 2026, where we'll be very aggressive at bringing both the wafers home on a more competitive process with a more competitive product with Panther Lake, offsetting the volumes of Lunar Lake, which is almost entirely outsourced. So we bring Tiles home with a more competitive product and a more competitive process, and that really is, I'll say, the story that will start to unfold as we talk to you more next year.
John Pitzer: CJ, do you have a quick follow-up?
CJ Muse: Yes. Just a quick one on OpEx. You gave us the $17.5 billion for all of calendar 2025, but could you share with us what you think the exit rate would look like? I'm coming to around $4.25 billion, is that in the ballpark?
David Zinsner: Yes. I'll say, given that some of the actions we're taking will kind of go through at least the early part of next year, we're going to enter at a higher number than we're going to exit, I'll give you that. And we should be down in 2026 relative to 2025. Give me some time as we progress through the year to start to fine-tune the budget for 2026 and I'll give you more clarity around that.
John Pitzer: Thank you, C.J. And Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. You talked about the server roadmap with Sierra Forest shipping and Granite Rapids shipping this quarter, can you talk about how that -- where that puts you competitively? Do you think you're kind of have closed the gap or is it leadership product, and obviously, Clearwater for us is the longer-term focus, but where are we in the interim?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And obviously, Sierra Forest, right, E-core product, very efficient, but a new category for us, so we have to go win sockets with it. Early customer feedback, very positive. As we said, greater than 25% TCO value that they're seeing from it, but it's early in its ramp. Granite Rapids is really the peak core, I'll say, the more traditional Xeon for us and we'll start that ramp this quarter. But we'll take as anything in the server market, winning back share, winning back sockets is a longer-term cycle for that. But a lot of encouraging signs for Granite Rapids, even though a lot of the data center energy right now is on the AI build-out, as you know. So in this environment, we're largely facing a period where much of the investment energy is going into the AI footprint. So we're having to fight to win those socket back, but Granite Rapids looks very positive. The early health of Clearwater Forest is really spectacular. This is a really stunning technical achievement with the new design, 8A, this level of health, this are early in a major server product is really spectacular. The new Foveros Direct and should have substantial TCO benefits for next year. And then the next P-Core version of that on 18A is also showing very good -- not in fab yet, but showing a very good design progress. So we feel like the roadmap gets more competitive, and with it, we believe our market share position is fairly, I'll say, static, right? So year-on-year, we do see that overall the arm market share is more modest in the second half this year, so the X86 share, and we're stabilizing our overall position in the marketplace. We believe as we then go to fight to win back. One of the good things that we've seen for our server market is the AI head nodes where we're quite advantaged and we're seeing a lot of interest in Xeon being the head node of choice for anybody's accelerator, including ours. So a lot of things to unpack there, but we do feel like our position is stabilizing and strengthening with our products and the roadmap only improves from here.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a follow-up?
Joseph Moore: Yes. Just on the notion that AI has kind of stolen some of the focus from server, it seems like we would be looking at a ceiling in overall power budgets in a couple of years that would mean we need to invest in traditional server ecosystems and maybe do a significant refresh. Do you see any indications of that and given that -- I perceive you guys are sort of stronger in enterprise than in cloud right now, like how are you positioned to take advantage of that when it does come?
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Joe. And we do think that the enterprise market, right, is a more favorable market for us and we do have some early indications of a positive cycle there, but I'll say it's too early to give you any real firm indications, but we are starting to see, I'll say, better buying behavior, better signals from our OEMs in the enterprise market. Similarly, for the cloud market, we do believe there will be a refresh cycle, right, as people get their AI strategies in place. The TCO benefits of a server refresh now as we start talking about 3X, 4X consolidation ratios that they can have on their traditional, right, cloud environments, their container delivery environments, these are quite substantial. So we do believe that as our products get to be more competitive, right, and there is a natural refresh cycle on that, that the markets will be more favorable for the traditional CPU market. But of course, the story is CPU plus GPU, right, and that's the bigger message that we'll be delivering. And obviously, as Gaudi 3 starts shipping the CPU plus GPU use cases like we've described with OPEA, that will also help us for positioning on both sides of the cloud and the enterprise market for both CPU and GPU. That's the strategy that we're building toward.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Joe. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question, please.
Timothy Arcuri: Sure, thanks. Dave, can you again explain how June gross margin was so much worse than you thought just three months ago? I mean, revenue is basically in line. I know you talked about mix, but it seems like it was probably a pretty small part of it mix was and it was really more the decisions around Intel 4 and Intel 3. So can you just explain again, I'm not sure -- I'm not sure I understand why that was such a big.
David Zinsner: Yes. Okay. That was the biggest one. Let me -- I'll just say that there were a couple of other things that we had to do some write-offs related to legacy businesses that impacted us. Our utilization was a bit lower that did impact us. But the biggest one was the shift. We were originally planning to ramp Meteor Lake, Intel 3, and even run production on Intel 4 -- sorry, Intel 4, and then run production on Intel 3 in Oregon, which is our TD fab, our process technology fab, kind of our development fab. We made the decision to more quickly shift all of that over to Ireland. And it's a good move because it saves capital. We don't have to spend capital twice essentially. And it starts to mature the Intel 4 and Intel 3 processes in Ireland more quickly. The downside of that is the wafers are expensive right now. And so we get this kind of early ramp of the product at a much higher wafer cost that we're pushing through the system and that puts pressure on the margins. That's going to carry into next quarter. I mean, we will do better in next quarter, obviously, but we're going to do more volume and the margins will be below the corporate average because of -- because while we're improving the wafer cost, it's not -- still not to the point where it's above corporate average yet. And so it will weigh down on margins for the third quarter as well. After that, we start -- it gets more and more mature, the cost structure gets better and the situation on Meteor Lake will improve meaningfully.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a quick follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: Yes. Pat, can you just talk about the foundry strategy given the CapEx cut? I guess my question is how you sort of execute on the plan with this lower CapEx. I mean kind of on one hand, you keep -- we keep talking about bringing all these wafers back in-house to help gross margin in 2026. But I also hear about a lot more outsourcing to TSMC even in real-time so, is the cut more that some of your foundry customers are maybe structurally deciding that they're not as committed? I'm just trying to understand how you can kind of CapEx and still execute on this strategy. Thanks.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And at the highest level, the Foundry strategy unchanged. And we've built capacity corridor for Foundry customers. However, until we have committed orders, we're going to be modest on how much equipment we put against the shells and the sites that we have in place. And how much of that corridor we keep available, how much flexibility working with our equipment suppliers that we need for that will be a subject of careful scrutiny as we go forward. We've also made some adjustments in the capital investment that we need to support our current view of market forecast. So all of those are, say, are adjustments. The big thing is now that we're finishing this phase of aggressive build-out, right, and as you think about what we had to catch up, we had no EUV capacity. We had no shell ahead, side ahead capacity. We had no capacity to pull tiles home. As those come into place, we've been making substantial capital investments over the last couple of years, and now we're focused on how do we harvest those investments in 2024, 2025, and 2026. So we're putting much more aggressive view of capital utilization, right? How much capital require ahead of working with the suppliers to be more efficient in our capital dollars, just like a foundry does? And for that, we'll point you back to again, right, we're going to be a world-class fabless company. Intel Products, we're going to be a world-class Foundry with Intel Foundry. The last point I'd make here on this is a lot of the early success that we're having with foundry customers is advanced packaging. And there, the capital requirements are not as significant as required for wafer capacity. So we believe very much that we're seeing a surge of interest there. Customers in advanced packaging are clearly interested in us for capacity, but increasingly for our most advanced packaging technology. So that's an area that we believe we have as, and we've described before, as the on-ramp for Intel Foundry and that's continuing to look very good. The final point is the Intel Foundry capacity will be aligned with, right, to the first order, the Intel product requirements. And clearly, there's a lot of tiles externally in 2025, we bring those home in 2026, that's when we'll start to really, as Dave said, see the benefits of the model that we've put in place. Tiles coming home, leadership process technology, leadership products starts in 2025, deliver big-time in 2026 and beyond.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Tim. Jonathan, do we have the next caller, please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James. Your question, please.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. A couple of follow-ups. Dave, on the move from Oregon to Ireland fab, you talked about that being a gross margin headwind. Can you talk about how much -- can you clarify how much of a headwind that is right now? And also when it's fully-loaded on a like-for-like basis, how much of a headwind do you think that's going to be on an ongoing basis?
David Zinsner: I'm sorry, the second question is how much will the headwind be on...
John Pitzer: On ongoing basis.
David Zinsner: On an ongoing basis is what you're saying?
Srini Pajjuri: Ongoing basis? Yeah.
David Zinsner: Okay. All right. So I think the best way to think about it is, we were -- I don't know, 400 basis points or so off on the gross margin taking into account revenue was part of it. It was a meaningful chunk of that 400 basis points. There was the write-offs related to legacy businesses and the mix and underutilization also affected and it wasn't an insignificant amount, but that was a good portion of that 400 basis points, let's call it that. And that will be the case in the third quarter probably given the increase. I think we're talking about a 50% increase in Meteor Lake quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter. Beyond that, it's going to start to become less and less to the point where it's actually not going to be a headwind.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, it becomes a tailwind.
David Zinsner: Yes, exactly.
Patrick Gelsinger: As the Ireland factory ramps, a production factory will have a lower-cost per wafer start than a TV factory like Oregon. So it becomes a headwind as we go into next year.
David Zinsner: Tailwind as we go into... Now as we -- now the challenge for next year will be, we'll now be ramping Lunar Lake next year. Lunar Lake has the memory in the package, so we're going to have to essentially buy that at a price and turn around and include that in our price at 0% margin. So that puts some negative pressure on the margins. And additionally, it's got more of the content sourced externally, and as you know, we're seeing some inflation. So that one then becomes more of the -- Meteor Lake starts to be helpful, but Lunar Lake starts to become a drag on the Intel Products margins, which is why we're tempered in terms of our outlook for margins next year because we're going to have a lot of improvements on the Intel Foundry side. It's going to be tempered on the product side and it's really going to be because of Lunar Lake.
Patrick Gelsinger: And I was just going to add one thing, as we move the Intel 4, Intel 3 capacity into Ireland, it also gives our TD team more focus on their capital on 18A as well as then 14A and 10A, and we're taking, for instance, the second high NA tool is coming into our Oregon facility. So we're well underway on 14A. So part of this was a capacity and cost decision for the long term. Part of it was an AI PC acceleration, but it was also a TD cadence decision and optimizing the use of our TD resources for the next-generation technologies, which are already well underway and showing good early indicators.
John Pitzer: Srini, do you have a quick follow-on?
Srini Pajjuri: Yes. So, Pat, I think in the past, you talked about the foundry business potentially breaking even sometime 2027, and given all the cuts -- and you seem to at least sound confident that foundry opportunity is not changing, so I'm just curious, do you see a possibility that Foundry business could actually breakeven sooner given all the cuts?
Patrick Gelsinger: Clearly, that's our objective for Dave and I. You all say that said, we have a lot of wood to chop until we complete that journey. The steps that we've taken today are significant, right, ones for our operational efficiency that we're putting in place. So clearly that's our operating objective that we have. But as we said, 2026 is really this year that many of these wafers come home, many of the new factory investments come online, the new process technologies. So I'd say that 2027 timeframe is still a good one, but you can trust that every aspect of what we're doing is to accelerate the profitability. And the significant announcement today of the cost and financial focus, right, will give us, I'll say, the scrutiny and the lens by which to focus our Intel Foundry, $10 billion next year is a big number and we expect that many of these operational improvements will carry-forward in 2026. Dave said, an acceleration of our adjusted free cash flow turning positive, so everything that we're doing is aligned with our thought, Srini.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Srini. Jonathan, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Then our final question for today comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from TD Cowen. Your question, please.
Matthew Ramsay: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you, guys. I guess my first question is on the client space. I think, Dave, you might have mentioned client flat to down in September. I think your primary x86 competitor is going to be up double-digits or I think they mentioned above seasonal, however, you quantify seasonal now. Maybe you could give us a little color there. There's lots of maybe noise in the system about ARM coming into the client market, I think that impact would be more modest relative to what you described. But if you could kind of give us puts and takes there and how the inventory with OEMs might be affecting what you're guiding for since September. Thanks.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. I'll take that Matt. We feel very good with our client position, the momentum we have in AI PC. Here we have a very healthy ecosystem as well. And I'll say as the large market share position that we have, we're very focused on sell-in and sell-through in the channel. So I believe our overall view of inventory levels, where our market share is, we're actually quite comfortable in the indications that we've given some inventory sell-through in the third quarter above seasonal in Q4. Overall, the TAM expansion is low-single-digit, even though we're seeing a lot of enthusiasm around the AI PC and further TAM expansion as we go into 2025 as expected now broadly. We'd also say that our position in the commercial portion of this market is very strong with our vPro assets and we believe we're coming into a refresh cycle on the corporate. We also saw things like vPro have great success for customers as they were dealing with the CrowdStrike Blue Screen period and customers who are vPro customers were able to recover in a day or so, where customers not on vPro took weeks to recover from that. So a lot of reinforcement of the ecosystem, the leadership that we have on AI PC. And as Dave said, Lunar Lake and Panther Lake only make our market position stronger. So I think we're very comfortable and every indication so far this quarter is very solid for those outcomes.
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a quick follow-on?
Matthew Ramsay: Yes, I do. Thanks, John. I wanted to ask -- I think in some of the prepared script and maybe early in the Q&A, Pat, you kind of reiterated the $15 billion funnel for the Foundry business, and I know in the medium term, a lot of that is packaging, but I wanted to ask about the customers that you've engaged with on 18A and maybe early on 14A, how have you seen the charts of the programs that they're planning to bring into your foundry progress in the last few quarters. Are people still committed to ramping those things? Are they taking PDKs and maybe doing tape-ins? Are things moving forward? Have you seen any acceleration? Have you seen hesitation or maybe wait-and-see from those customers? I'm just trying to figure out how that stuff is progressing on 18A? Thanks.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Let me just clarify, the $15 billion is lifetime deal value of committed deals, right? So this isn't a pipeline. This is committed business that we now have in place. So I just want to clarify that, Matt, because I think your question suggests that the pipeline. There's a lot more in the pipeline. This is $15 billion of committed deals. As you say, a lot of the near-term opportunity has been advanced packaging and we're seeing a significant expansion of that capability in terms of volume and technology. On 18A specifically, a lot of customers have been waiting for the PDK, right, and now that we released the PDK last month, the 1.0 PDK, we've seen a flurry of activity with the EDA, the IP vendors, and the end customers. So I'd be optimistic that we have good indicators coming in that area in the future, but this was really the starting point for many of them to go from test chips to start looking at production chips coming based on the PDK that we've just released. So we remain very comfortable with our earlier comments in that area. I'd say, we do believe that we'll have further updates there, but as we've also indicated, customers are reluctant to put their name out there given the supply base and the traditional operation of the Foundry industry. Overall, things are looking on track for what we've said with a meaningful acceleration in packaging over the last quarter, more updates to come. Maybe with that, John, I'll wrap us up. Thank you for joining our call. We appreciate the time as always. And I'd say on a couple of these topics, I hope to see many of you at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference coming up where we'll have some further updates. I want to reiterate in a quarter like this that we are resolved to finish the audacious turnaround, the building of our process and product key milestones that we've achieved of this phase, but now we have to shift to putting more emphasis on the financial sustainability of our business. We're making difficult decisions as we rightsize. We rebuild a more efficient, leaner, agile Intel for the future and one that we're confident will enable our long-term success. Thanks, and good afternoon, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intel Corporation's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. 
 And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. 
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q1 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. 
 I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains reference to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. 
 Our earnings release, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to corresponding GAAP financial measures. 
 With that, let me turn things over to Pat. 
Patrick Gelsinger: Thanks, John, and welcome, everyone. 
 We've reported solid Q1 results, delivering revenue in line and EPS above our guidance as we continue to focus on operating leverage and expense management. Our results reflect our disciplined approach on reducing costs as well as the steady progress we are making against our long-term priorities. While first half trends are modestly weaker than we originally anticipated, they are consistent with what others have said and also reflect some of our own near-term supply constraints. We continue to see Q1 as the bottom, and we expect sequential revenue growth to strengthen throughout the year and into 2025, underpinned by: one, the beginnings of an enterprise refresh cycle and growing momentum for AI PCs; two, a data center recovery with a return to more normal CPU buying patterns and ramping of our accelerator offerings; and three, cyclical recoveries in NEX, Mobileye and Altera. 
 We had an extremely productive Q1 and achieved several important milestones along our journey to reposition the company for improved execution, competitiveness and perhaps, most importantly, financial results. We hosted our first-ever Intel foundry Direct Connect, which drew nearly 300 partners, customers and potential customers to hear about the momentum we are building with our foundry offerings. We were pleased to announce Microsoft as our fifth Intel 18A customer. We also updated our lifetime deal value to greater than $15 billion and extended our road map with Intel 14A, the first process node in the industry to use High NA EUV technology. 
 Shortly following Direct Connect, we were thrilled to join with President Biden and Commerce Secretary Raimondo to announce our position as the National Semiconductor Champion along with the single largest award from the CHIPS and Science Act of more than $45 billion of proposed grants, tax incentives and loans. During the second week of April, we brought together more than 1,000 of our top customers and partners at Intel Vision 2024, where we introduced our next-generation Gaudi 3 accelerator. We were joined by Naver, Dell, Bosch, Supermicro and Roche, among many others who shared how they are benefiting from Intel solutions. 
 Vision went straight into Open Source Summit, where we led the launch of the open platform for enterprise AI project. This industry initiative aims to accelerate gen AI deployments in what will be the largest market for AI applications, starting with retrieval augmented generation, or REG. Our Xeon plus Gaudi use cases, along with our established enterprise ecosystem, have a big role to play here. 
 Lastly, we hosted the industry's first Sustainability Summit, underscoring our deep commitment to building a more geographically diverse, resilient, trusted and of course, sustainable supply chain for semiconductors. We are proud of our leadership position in chemical conservation, renewable energy and water reclamation. Our accomplishments year-to-date build on all the work we have done to execute on the strategy I laid out when I rejoined the company 3 years ago. Job #1 was to accelerate our efforts to close the technology gap that was created by over a decade of underinvestment. 
 The heart of Phase 1 was 5 nodes in 4 years. The rallying cry was toured. It combined accelerating our node transitions with improving our product execution and cadence to regain customer trust. We have rebuilt our Grovian culture and execution engine and are on track to completing our 5 nodes 4-year goal, which many of our stakeholders thought impossible at inception. In so doing, we are in a unique position with at-scale EUV technology, Western-based capacity and at the very least, a level playing field with the market leader. Intel 20A, which helps pave the way for Intel 18A, begins production ramp in the second half of this year with Arrow Lake. We expect to release the 1.0 PDK for Intel 18A this quarter. Furthermore, our lead products, Clearwater Forest and Panther Lake, are already in fab, and we expect to begin production ramp of the Intel 18A in these products in the first half of '25 for product release in the middle of next year. 
 Given this progress, now is the time to turn our focus to matching technology leadership with a competitive cost structure. Establishing a founder relationship between our products group and our manufacturing group was a critical step to achieve better structural cost. This quarter, we officially transitioned to our new operating model and introduced Intel products and Intel Foundry. Today, for the first time, we are reporting our results to reflect the new way in which we are running the company. Separating the internal financial reporting between Intel Foundry and Intel products was a critical step needed to provide transparency, accountability and the proper incentives to allow both groups to make better decisions to optimize their own cost structures. 
 This change also provided the added benefit of giving more transparency to our outside owners, we knew that the day 1 P&L for Intel foundry was going to spark debate, but we also knew it was important to establish a baseline and provide a target model based on reasonable to conservative revenue and cost assumptions that we have a high degree of confidence we will achieve. I'm going to reiterate that point so it is heard and understood. Our target model is reasonable, conservative and reflects a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver. And you can rest assured that we will be working hard to beat these targets. If we can move faster and do better, we will, and our new operating model is already catalyzing change in driving efficiencies across the organization. 
 Let me highlight 3 important aspects of our business and our strategy that is underscored by the new model. First, with Intel products, we have exposed a solid fabless franchise with established, powerful and hard to displace installed base and ecosystem across enterprise, consumer and edge that provide meaningful benefits to our customers and partners. Intel products is a solidly profitable business today despite just recently emerging from a semiconductor downturn and still competing with legacy process technology. That is changing rapidly as we ramp Intel 3 in 2024 and Intel 18A in 2025. 
 We then claim, we are defining and leading the AI PC category. IDC indicates the overall PC market is now expanding. And as stated earlier, as standards emerge and applications begin to take advantage of new AI embedded capabilities, we see demand signals improving, especially in second half of the year, helped by a likely corporate refresh. 
 Our Core Ultra ramp, led by Meteor Lake, continues to accelerate beyond our original expectation, with units expected to double sequentially in Q2, limited only by our supply of wafer-level assembly. Improving second half Meteor Lake supply, and the addition of Lunar Lake and Arrow Lake later this year, will allow us to ship in excess of our original 40 million AI PC CPU target in 2024. Next year, with Panther Lake, we will extend our lead with Intel 18A and further product enhancements. Our share position is strong and continues to strengthen as we execute on our product road map. Within DC AI, as committed, we have achieved product release on our first Intel 3 server product, the first-generation E-Core Xeon 6, codename Sierra Forest. 
 The next-generation P-Core Xeon 6 product, Granite Rapids, will be released in Q3. At Vision, we demonstrated a 70 billion parameter model running natively on Xeon 6 with good performance. We continue to expect share trends to stabilize this year before improving in 2025. While budgets are still being prioritized to generative AI build-out, where we have a strong position in the head node, customer conversations continue to show improving signs for traditional CPU refresh starting in late Q2 and into the second half. Our first Intel 18A product, Clearwater Forest, is slated to launch next year and will allow us to accelerate share gains. Our Gaudi 3 launch gave us a strong offering to improve our position in accelerated computing for the data center and cloud. 
 We now expect over $500 million in accelerated revenue in second half of 2024, with increasing momentum into 2025 based on Gaudi 3's vastly superior TCO as well as our own expanding supply. In addition, we are finding good traction with the Intel Developer Cloud with customers onboarding with this platform, including Dell and Zeekr, our largest IDC win to date. We are encouraged by our progress but far from satisfied. Lastly, within NEX, the business has stabilized and beat our Q1 targets with channel inventories approaching normal levels and business acceleration expected through the year as a result. We also recently announced our plans for scale up and scale out Ethernet-based AI networking delivered as a discrete NIC and chiplets for AI foundry customers with numerous key providers in the industry and market standardization through the Ultra Ethernet Consortium. 
 So that is Intel products, good momentum and a lot for us to build on. Let me turn to Intel Foundry. We are executing on our strategy to drive meaningful improvement in profitability over time. We are obviously not there yet, given the large upfront investment we needed to build out this business. But we always said this was going to be a multiyear plan, and we are right on track with where we expect it to be right now. As we discussed during our webinar at the beginning of the month, the transition from pre-EUV wafers to post-EUV wafers is a powerful tailwind for us. We expect our blended average wafer pricing to grow 3x faster than cost over the decade, driving significant margin expansion. 
 In addition, more competitive wafers will allow us to bring home many of the tiles that today are being manufactured at external foundries. Both dynamics are in our control and not dependent on revenue growth and are key elements to drive the business to breakeven, more than doubling our current earnings power at the Intel consolidated level. Of course, more competitive wafers combined with our position as the only company manufacturing with leading-edge wafers outside of Asia, is drawing strong interest from potential external customers. It is important to note that our leadership in advanced packaging creates more value in our wafer technologies and wafer-level assembly, and base die opportunities further fill our factories and extend the useful life of our tools for increased financial returns. 
 I am pleased to announce that this quarter, we signed another meaningful customer on Intel 18A, bringing our total to 6. A leader in the aerospace and defense industry, this customer chose Intel Foundry based not only on the process technology benefits of Intel 18A, but also because of their desire to have a secure U.S.-only supply base. Just this week, we were very pleased to announce that the DoD awarded Intel Foundry Phase III of the RAMP-C program, which we are confident will lead to additional federal aerospace and defense customers. 
 More broadly, we are seeing growing interest in Intel 18A and we continue to have a strong pipeline of nearly 50 test chips. The near-term interest in Intel Foundry continues to be strongest with advanced packaging, which now includes engagements with nearly every foundry customer in the industry, including 5 design awards. While we are highly focused on improving the near-term profitability of Intel Foundry, it is also important that we keep sight of the long-term opportunity here. 
 The foundry market is expected to grow from $110 billion today to $240 billion by 2030, with almost 90% of the growth coming from EUV nodes and advanced packaging. Given this backdrop, we have clear line of sight to becoming the largest system foundry for the AI era and the second largest overall by 2030, building on our EUV High-NA process technology leadership in advanced packaging, manufacturing capacity, our systems expertise and the surge in AI demand. Put it another way, our $15 billion of external revenue embedded in our Intel Foundry target model would represent less than 15% of the leading edge foundry market. It is not a question of if but when Intel Foundry achieves escape velocity. And every day, we are proving to the market that Intel Foundry is a resilient, sustainable and trusted alternative to serve a semi market on a path to top $1 trillion by the end of the decade. 
 Let me wrap up by speaking to our All Other category, where our #1 priority is to unlock shareholder value. This quarter, we formally rebranded our Programmable Solutions Group, Altera, an Intel company. We look forward to bringing in a private equity partner this year to help prepare the company for an IPO in the coming years. This puts Altera on a similar path as Mobileye. We are excited about the future of both companies. By providing them with separation and autonomy, we believe we enhance their ability to capitalize on their growth opportunities in their respective market and accelerate their path to create value. Combined with IMS, our mask writing equipment business, we believe these 3 assets represent more than 1/4 of our overall market value today. Along with a solid Intel products franchise and an Intel Foundry business rapidly approaching $100 billion in net tangible assets, we see the opportunity to unlock significant value for our shareholders as we meet our financial commitments, stand up Intel Foundry and drive it to profitability and further leverage our opportunity in AI. So overall, I'll say that there's a lot for us to build on coming out of Q1. We are systematically executing to our strategy, and we are making steady progress. We are maniacally focused on executional excellence and fiscal discipline and we are relentless in our drive to regain process leadership and bring next-generation solutions to solve our customers' hardest problems. 
 All of this gives me confidence in where we are headed. Yes, we have a lot of hard work in front of us, but we know what we need to do and the payoff will be significant in the end. Semiconductors are the currency that will drive the global economy for decades to come. We are one of 2, maybe 3 companies in the world that can continue to enable next-generation chip technologies and the only one that has Western capacity and R&D, and we will participate in the entire AI market. Quarter-by-quarter, we are positioning ourselves well to capitalize on the immense opportunities ahead. 
 With that, let me turn things over to Dave. 
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. 
 We delivered solid results in the quarter with revenue finishing in line and gross margin and EPS, again beating guidance. Forward-looking demand signals in our core markets improved at a measured pace through the first quarter, and we expect to deliver full year revenue and EPS growth in 2024, with the pace of revenue growth accelerating in the second half. First quarter revenue was $12.7 billion, up 9% year-over-year and just above the midpoint of our guidance, with product segments performing in line with expectations. Intel Products delivered 17% year-over-year growth, offset by inventory headwinds impacting Mobileye, Altera and our 5G customers as well as the sunsetting of several noncore lines of business including the traditional packaging business within Intel Foundry. 
 These noncore revenue headwinds drove a sequential decline of just over $1 billion, in line with our Q1 guidance. Gross margin was 45.1%, 60 basis points above guidance, and EPS of $0.18 beat guidance by $0.05 on operating spending discipline and strong sell-through of previously reserved inventory. 
 Q1 operating cash flow was negative $1.2 billion. Net CapEx was $5 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $6.2 billion and we paid dividends of $0.5 billion in the quarter. We expect Q1 to be the low point for adjusted free cash flow, driven by seasonal factors, including timing of annual bonus payments, along with upsides from larger capital offsets expected in the second half. 
 As Pat mentioned, this is our first quarter reporting in the new operating segments. The revised structure creates a foundry relationship between manufacturing and our products groups with Intel Products purchasing wafers and services from Intel Foundry at fair market prices. This quarter represents another important step in our transformation, with increased transparency and accountability across all layers of the organization, which is already having a positive impact on decision-making efficiencies and financial discipline. 
 As I talk about our results, I'll categorize them between Intel Products, Intel Foundry and All Other, with the All Other category, including the results of Mobileye and Altera. Additional detail can be found in our earnings release and SEC filings. Intel Products revenue was $11.9 billion, up 17% year-over-year. The client business grew by more than 30% year-over-year with a strong product portfolio and share position and significantly improved customer inventory levels. The data center and AI business contributed 5% year-over-year growth, driven by higher Xeon ASPs and improved enterprise demand. 
 NEX revenue declined 8% year-over-year. As discussed last quarter, we saw significant declines in the 5G market, partially offset by approximately 10% year-over-year growth in our network and edge markets, which we expect to continue to recover through the year. Intel Products' operating profit expanded by more than $2.1 billion year-over-year, driven by higher revenue, better sell-through of reserved inventory and operating spending discipline, resulting in an operating margin of approximately 28% in the quarter. 
 Intel foundry revenue was $4.4 billion, down 10% year-over-year on lower back-end services and sample revenue, along with lower IMS tool sales. In addition, wafer volume was modestly higher in the quarter, with ASPs modestly down, driven by pricing for mature nodes. Operating profit declined by approximately $100 million year-over-year, with lower revenue being partially offset by improved factory utilization. 
 Op margin declined significantly quarter-over-quarter, driven by higher start-up costs and the conclusion of the traditional packaging business impacting revenue. The foundry P&L will remain challenged through the year, and we expect operating margins to trough in 2024 as start-up costs associated with 5 nodes in 4 years peak and the P&L absorbs an expected increase of roughly $2 billion in depreciation. Beyond 2024, as volume begins to shift toward leadership manufacturing nodes with a competitive cost structure scale improves, including the return of compute tiles to internal process nodes and our efficiency actions begin to flow through the P&L, we expect to see rapid profitability improvement. 
 Mobileye revenue of $239 million and an operating loss of $68 million were both down meaningfully year-over-year due to a well-publicized drawdown of iQ customer inventory. Mobileye reiterated full year guidance on their earnings call this morning. With the inventory digestion process on track, financial results are expected to recover quickly. Altera revenue was $342 million, down significantly year-over-year, with results impacted by the industry-wide inventory digestion following supply constraints in 2022 and '23. Altera's $39 million operating loss is a result of lower revenue and spending associated with standing up Altera as a stand-alone company. 
 We continue to expect Altera to exit 2024 at a $2 billion revenue run rate as inventory positions normalize. I want to acknowledge the hard work and focused execution across the company to transition our systems and processes to our new reporting structure. We're already seeing the results of the increased transparency catalyzing change and driving efficiencies across the company. 
 Now turning to our Q2 guidance. We expect revenue of $12.5 billion to $13.5 billion in the second quarter, with the midpoint aligned to typical seasonal growth. At the midpoint of $13 billion, we expect gross margin of approximately 43.5%, with a tax rate of 13% and EPS of $0.10, all on a non-GAAP basis. We see the client and data center business roughly flat to Q1 results at the low end of seasonal. Q2 client revenue is constrained by wafer-level assembly supply, which is impacting our ability to meet demand for our Core Ultra-based AI PCs. We do expect sequential growth from Mobileye, NEX and foundry services. 
 As we look beyond Q2 guidance, we expect growth across all segments in the second half of the year, led by improved demand for general purpose servers from both cloud and enterprise customers and increased core ultra assembly capacity to support a growing PC TAM, driven by enterprise refresh and the AI PC. We should also see accelerating growth from our network and edge businesses, a return to growth for Altera and a meaningful Gaudi ramp in the second half. 
 Despite 2024 representing the peak for 5 node and 4-year driven factory start-up costs, we expect roughly 200 basis points of FY '24 gross margin improvement compared to FY '23. Our net capital intensity forecast of mid-30s as a percent of revenue across 2023 and 2024 in aggregate remains unchanged. With significant capital offsets expected to land in the second half of the year, we continue to expect approximately neutral 2024 adjusted free cash flow. While first half demand signals have been a bit weaker, Q1 played out largely in line with our expectations. We achieved several important milestones towards our IDM 2.0 vision, and we're participating in a large and growing TAM with encouraging market signals for the second half of the year and into 2025. By capturing margin at both the foundry level and the fabless product level, we have margin stacking advantage unique in the industry. We are 3 years into our transformation, and 2024 represents the steepest part of the climb, with 5 node and 4-year start-up cost peaking and the majority of our volume on pre-EUV process nodes with uncompetitive economics. However, as we crest the hill and look toward the next few years, we have strong wins at our back and a clear path to achieving the mid- and long-term financial targets we laid out earlier this month. 
 With that, let me turn the call back over to John. 
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. [Operator Instructions] With that, Jonathan, can we take the first question? 
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: I guess for my first question, I wanted to dive into the demand side of the equation. What was weaker in the near term than you had expected? And much more importantly, it seems like the back half you're going to have double-digit sequential growth in largely both quarters, so that's significantly above seasonal. I know you went through some of the reasons at a high level, but can you dive a little bit deeper into what gives you that level of confidence in the second half ramp? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Starting out, so Ross, thanks for the question. I'll just say the market was weaker. You've seen that in a number of others that have commented as well. So I'll say somewhat across the board a bit. We've seen that, cloud customers, enterprise, across geos. So I'll just say a bit weaker demand, right, we'll just say at the low end of seasonality Q1 to Q2 that we saw. And as we go into the second half of the year, we're engaging deeply with our customers today, our OEM partners, and we just see strength across the board, right? 
 Part of that is driven by our unique product position, some of it driven by the market characteristics and client, AI PC and a second half Windows upgrade cycle, we believe, underway and Core Ultra is hot. And as we said, even in Q2, we're racing -- we're meeting all of our commitments, but not all of the upside requests that we're seeing from customers. So we see a very strong AI PC outlook in the data center. As we bring in our new products, we're seeing ASPs increase very healthy on our data center products and with products like CR4 that we just went to production with this week on Intel 3, we're seeing improved product position as well for competitiveness. 
 We have the $0.5 billion of Gaudi, right? And most of that is second half loaded. And the All Other businesses coming out of inventory positions in Altera and Mobileye and NEX, all of those improved first half to second half as well. And then incremental, I'll just say, Intel Foundry, every quarter from here until the decade and we're seeing improvement in the Intel Foundry. And one by one, we're seeing all of those business improvements both on revenue and margin improvements over time. So we feel very comfortable that the second half outlook is quite strong for the business, a first half a bit weaker, but we think it's very understandable, very explainable, and a second half outlook that will be very comfortable for every business across Intel growing and a lot of momentum as we go into '25. 
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a quick follow-up? 
Ross Seymore: I do. Maybe for Dave, on the gross margin side, nice upside in the first quarter, but the drop in the second quarter is a little bit puzzling with revenues going up. So could you just talk a little bit about that second quarter drop and then the confidence in the rebound in the second half? Is that just revenue driven in the second half? Or what's the key metrics there, please? 
David Zinsner: Yes. Good. Thanks, Ross. Maybe start with Q1 because it somewhat explains Q2. We had better sell-through of product. I hadn't even mentioned Meteor Lake strength. That better sell-through was on previously reserved material. And so we just saw some upside in gross margins because of that. We had a little bit more of a flattish plan between Q1 and Q2 in terms of how that would flow through. And so it kind of pulled some of the benefit of gross margin improvement we would have seen in Q2 and kind of pulled it into Q1. So that was part of it. 
 The second part is, as we talked about, this year was going to be a heavy year for start-up cost for us. And it really shows up more meaningfully in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And so that puts a little added pressure on gross margins. As you point out, the upside in the revenue, we will have good fall-through in Q3 and Q4, that will help lift the gross margins from where they are today. And then on top of that, we'll see some areas which have high gross margins, helping us like, for example, Mobileye, we get good gross margin for Mobileye and the strength that we'll see through the year there and products like that will also help drive better gross margins in the back half of the year. 
 As we look into '25, I think we'll have better gross margins than '25 than we had in '24. So this should be an ongoing story for us on the gross margin front. And as you know, we're driving to get to kind of mid-50s gross margins by the midpoint between now and 2030 and ultimately getting to 60%. Of course, revenue will be part of that. But a lot of that is within our control. It's things like 18A wafer pricing growing at 3x the cost of 18A that will help drive margins. The pull-in of tiles, as Pat mentioned, internally is going to drive better gross margins for us over time. All of what we're doing in terms of resegmenting new businesses to drive better decision-making, that better decision-making will translate into significant cost improvements for us, which should also be a meaningful driver for gross margins over time as well. And of course, as Pat mentioned, we're happy to get the CHIPS announcement out. And of course, that, coupled with what we expect from the EU and the investment tax credit will also be major tailwinds on gross margins over a long-term basis. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius. 
Benjamin Reitzes: Appreciate the chance to ask a question here. Pat, can you talk a little bit more about servers in the data center? There was talk of a bottom there in previous discussions. How do you see that kind of going throughout the year in light of your 2Q guidance? And what's the catalyst for the pickup there? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Ben. And obviously, as we look at our position in the data center, I'll just say we're stabilizing. And with that, we're improving our competitiveness. We also see, as I mentioned in the comments, that the ASPs are going up comfortably as well. So socket fairly stable through the year, but the ASP per socket with increased core count improves our position. And then new products like Sierra Forest or Xeon Gen 6 product, definitely gives us power performance capabilities. So overall, we're seeing a very healthy growth rate, mid-20s as we go through the year. We're also seeing increasing interest in the AI capabilities of Xeon. And we're winning head node positions, and we're seeing pretty extraordinary performance at Vision. 
 We talked about the ability to now run 70 billion parameter models directly on Xeon. And these type of capabilities, say, for a lot of enterprise use cases, Xeon is a very strong product. And as we laid out at Vision, the ability for Xeon plus Gaudi to start positioning this open platform for enterprise AI is a very strong position for us. So overall, we feel like we're on a solid trajectory into a market that even though it's been dominated by the gen AI theme as enterprises, our OEMs and ODMs are communicating, there's growth here in servers. And we now have a much better product position, improving ASPs and a better overall positioning in AI for a lot of these use cases where it's Xeon CPU plus GPU and accelerator. 
John Pitzer: Ben, do you have a quick follow-up? 
Benjamin Reitzes: Yes. Thanks. Can we just double-click also on Gaudi, $500 million in the back half of the year? I think you previously talked about a couple of billion in the pipeline. What does that say about your yield to revenue on an annualized basis with AI? And is there an update on the pipeline and your confidence there heading into 2025 on the accelerator front? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Ben. And obviously, pipeline converting into revenue, revenue is much more meaningful and as we said, greater than $500 million for the year, and that's obviously quarter-on-quarter accelerating rapidly, which also gives a great indication for the business in '25 as well. At our Vision event, we had over 20 customers publicly describing their embrace of Gaudi 2 and Gaudi 3. And I was super pleased to see the breadth of those customers. It was CSPs like Naver and Ola and IBM Cloud. It was ISVs like Zeekr, right, coming on board, but maybe most importantly, enterprise customers. 
 And ultimately, gen AI training, okay, creating models, but enterprises are going to use models, and that's where our TCO benefits. The ability for us to action customers' data in their enterprise environment is so powerful and customers like Bosch were coming forward and Roche to be able to demonstrate the true benefits of Gaudi and Xeon plus Gaudi. The road map is in good shape. The Gaudi 3 Falcon Shores in '25. We're also seeing that the industry wants to open alternatives. And we announced our AI networking initiative, Ultra Ethernet Consortium standardizing on scale up and scale out to Ethernet, increasing work for abstract levels of AI development with PyTorch and the embrace of the open platform for enterprise AI that we rolled out. All of those taken together, the industry is looking for open enterprise alternatives for regenerative AI deployment and Intel are quite well positioned, and we're starting to really see that uptake in our Accelerator and Xeon pipeline now. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could talk to the server road map. It sounds like you're confirming the time frame for both Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids. Can you talk about -- is there demand for the Sierra Forest product as well? Do you expect that to be bifurcated where you see demand for both? And then how quickly will you see those products come to volume? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. So Sierra Forest, our first Xeon 6 product on Intel 3, and I'm super proud, right? Now we have a leadership process technology back on American soil for the first time in a decade. This is really exciting. And Sierra Forest, high core count, 144, 288 core product, very focused on power, performance, efficiency, and we do see a good pipeline of customers and a good pipeline of, I'll say, socket win backs because the area of power performance has been an area that we've been carrying a deficit, being on an older node. And now that we're on leadership nodes, we definitely see share gains for that. 
 Of course, Granite Rapids, which will come in Q3, the Xeon 6 P-Core part is much more the bread and butter of the Xeon family. So we do see that being a stronger element to the portfolio this year as we haven't been participating in the power performance sockets as aggressively lately, and Sierra Forest gives us that tool. So it really is a one-two punch, as we've described. With Granite coming in Q3 and a volume ramp on Intel 3 with that, we feel we have a very good product line. 
 Next year is Clearwater Forest, the second generation of the E-core part, the leadership position on 18A in the server market, a very strong product for us, unquestioned leadership and power performance, so I believe that's a great opportunity for us to gain share again in the data center. So the road map is healthy. The execution is strong, and we're rebuilding customer trust. They're looking at us now and saying, "Oh, Intel is back." And we're quite excited by that. And then beyond that, building the volume, building the confidence and the momentum for traditional use cases as well as the AI use cases, as I just referred on Ben's question as well. 
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a quick follow-up? 
Joseph Moore: Yes, I do. Thank you. On the foundry webinar, you had sort of talked about Intel 3 volume being kind of more of an inflection next year. Does that mean it was in server that these Intel 3 products are sort of get to volume crossover kind of some point next year? Or could we see -- obviously, the leadership you just talked about is important. What's kind of keeping you from getting those products ramping in the second half? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, Joe, thank you. And servers always just take a while to ramp. Customers bring them in, they qualify them, they test them because they're generally putting these things at scale. So there's just an adoption cycle for server products. And the numbers that I'm holding my team accountable for are some of the most aggressive volume ramps that we've ever achieved on server products. So we're driving them very hard. That said, in terms of the total wafer volume this year, right, it's dominated by Intel 7. And the Intel 4 and 3 wafer volumes become much more prominent next year, and that's what I was communicating on the webinar. 
 But as we go through the year, you're going to start to see the wafer ASPs pick up as a result of Intel 4, 3 ramping at much better ASP points, better margins associated with those, and they will become much more prominent in the foundry P&L next year. But these are production ramps that are already underway on Intel 3. The Intel 4 ramp already underway. We began that second half of last year. So these wafer ramps are underway with volume productions, volume products that we're bringing to the marketplace, very confident in our ability. And then, of course, 18A as we deliver the PDK for that in Q2, the 1.0 PDK and we'll begin the volume ramps on Clearwater Forest and Panther Lake in the first half of next year for those products coming out. So we feel very comfortable with that overall picture that we've laid out. So thank you, Joe. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho Securities. 
Vijay Rakesh: Just a quick question on the Grand Rapids, any thoughts on the timing? And do you expect to regain some computing share, server share there with those ramps? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. I'm building a little bit on the last question. Granite Rapids will come in Q3 of this year when we'll have the production release of that product. Same as -- it just takes some time for customers to get comfortable, qualify, and bring those products to marketplace. But Sierra Forest, Granite Rapids, these are much more competitive power performance products on Intel 3. So we see them stabilizing and then giving us opportunity to regain share. And as we go into next year, we expect that we're regaining share as we end this year and go into next year. These are great products and we're going to be ramping them very aggressively with our customers. 
John Pitzer: Vijay, do you have a follow-up? 
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Thanks. Just on the GPU side, on the AI side, any parts on Falcon Shores? Any preliminary takes on that? How do you see that building out into '25? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And Gaudi 3 announcement this quarter, extremely well received. And as I mentioned already, 20-plus customers for Gaudi 2, 3, so we're seeing that build. Obviously, Falcon Shores will build on that momentum. We'll be bringing that late next year when Falcon Shores when we combine the great systolic performance of Gaudi 3 with a fully programmable architecture, and all of that comes together with Falcon Shores. And then we have a rich -- a very aggressive cadence of Falcon Shores products following that. We also added the Gaudi 3 PCIe card to it. This use case of Xeon plus an accelerator or Gaudi accelerator is getting very good response from customers as well. So we'll be bringing that out later this year. But the real story is delivering the TCO value, delivering the enterprise use cases. Falcon Shores will just build on the momentum that we're establishing with Gaudi 2 and 3.
 We also described customers coming on the Intel Developer Cloud, where we're getting these products very early in their life available for developers and enterprise customers. And customers like Zeekr, now our biggest Intel Developer Cloud win to date, are seeing the benefits. But the bigger story is how do we unleash the data assets of our enterprise customers, and that's things like the open platform for enterprise AI that we launched at Open Summit. So overall, a lot of good things happening to unleash the gen AI cycle for Intel. And of course, right, as we're doing this, AI is a hot market. We're participating across all of our segments, whether that's client, edge, enterprise or our foundry opportunities as well, delivering AI everywhere. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS Securities. 
Timothy Arcuri: Dave, I also wanted to ask about gross margin. You did say it's going to be better next year, but it is really whipping around a lot. And it looks like you sort of have to exit this year at 48 or maybe a little higher, which is already well above the 45.5 that you'll be at this year because you're guiding it up to 100 basis points. So I know you don't want to guide next year, but if you can even qualitatively help us, can you sustain those margins at that level? And I asked because last year, you sort of exited at 49% and then things crashed here during the first half of the year. So can you help us just think about what some of the puts and takes will be next year off of that high base if you're going to exit this year at? 
David Zinsner: Yes. Good question. So there will be additional start-up costs next year. We do think it on a percent of revenue basis, it will be lower. So that should help lift the margins. Of course, the expectation would be we see growth in revenue. That also should help. On top of that, we already are seeing good decision-making and changing decision-making around how we operate now under this new different business structure that we have at this point. A lot of that stuff doesn't actually show up in the P&L. We have all these decisions get made this year, but a lot of the decisions made -- sorry, a lot of the benefits to those decisions don't show up until next year and the year after. So we should see some benefit from that as well. 
 The other thing that kind of has whipped this -- our margins around a bit over the last few years has been this notion where we reserve material all the way up until the PRQ Pat just mentioned that Sierra Forest just PRQ-ed. So ordinarily, we take a whole bunch of reserves on Sierra Forest and then we would release them as we started shipping beyond the PRQ date. We won't be doing that going forward. So that should help adjust the volatility of the gross margin. So it will be more a function of revenue growth spending profile in the fabs, start-up costs that we have and the mix. 
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow-up question? 
Timothy Arcuri: I do. I do, yes. So I want to ask about server CPU share. March -- I think the assumption for March was that service share was going to be pretty flat. So the question is, was that the case? And it sounds -- you sound maybe a little bit less optimistic, if I'm sort of reading between the lines, on share into the back half of the year, just given how long it takes these things to sort of impact your share. So your bullish outlook in the second half of the year, it sounds like it's more market-driven versus share driven. Can you just clarify that? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Well, overall, I like to say it's hard to predict, right, exactly how these will play out in light of the overall gen AI surge that we've seen. That said, products are good, right? We came into the year improving our market share position in the first quarter of the year. It does take time to ramp these new products. But better products, rebuilding trust with our customers that we're delivering on these and now hitting the, what we would call the early end of the cycles on these new products is giving us a lot of interest with the market and the customer. New use cases also demonstrated a 70 billion parameter model running natively on Granite Rapids at our Vision event, all of these just make us more and more confident in our business execution. 
 We're also seeing that we don't need SoC account to increase. The ASPs are going up with the core counts on our new leadership products as well. So all of those in a fairly optimistic view that we're getting from our OEMs and our channel partners for their view of upgrade cycles, building momentum from customers across the industry. 
 We feel very comfortable that we're stabilizing our position. We have been improving our road map, and we do expect to see share gains as we end the year and go into '25. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James. 
Srinivas Pajjuri: My question is on the client side. I think, Pat, you mentioned something about supply constraints impacting your 2Q outlook. If you could provide some color as to what's causing those supply constraints and when do you expect those to ease as we, I guess, go into the second half. And then in terms of your AI PCs, I think you've been talking about $40 million or so potentially shipping this year. Could you maybe put that into some context as to how it actually helps Intel? Is it just higher ASPs? Is it higher margin? I would think that these products also come with higher costs. I just want to understand how we should think about the benefit to Intel as these AI PCs ramp? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And overall, as we've seen, this is a hot product. The AI PC category, and we declared this as we finished last year, and we've just been incrementing up our AI PC or the Core Ultra product volumes throughout. We're meeting our customer commitments that we've had, but they've come back and asked for upside on multiple occasions across different submarkets. And we are racing to catch up to those upside request, and the constraint has been on the back end. Wafer-level assembly, one of the new capabilities that are part of Meteor Lake and our subsequent client products. So with that, we're working to catch up and build more wafer-level assembly capacity to meet those. 
 How does it help us? Hey, it's a new category. And that new category of products will generally be at higher ASPs as your question suggests. But we also think it's new use cases, and new use cases over time create a larger TAM. It creates an upgrade cycle that we're seeing. It creates new applications, and we're seeing essentially every ISV AI-ing their app, whether it's the communications capabilities of Zoom and team for translation and contextualization, whether it's new security capabilities with CrowdStrike and others finding new ways to do security on the client or it's way other creators and gamers taking advantage of this. 
 So we see that every PC is going to become an AI PC over time. And when you have that kind of cycle underway, Srini, everybody starts to say, "Oh, how do I upgrade my platform?" And we even demonstrated how we're using AI PC in the Intel factories now to improve yields and performance inside of our own factories. And as I've described it, it's like a Centrino moment, right, where Centrino ushered in WiFi at scale. We see the AI PC ushering in these new use cases at scale, and that's going to be great for the industry. But as the unquestioned market leader, right, the leader in the category creation, we think we're going to differentially benefit from the emergence of the AI PC. 
John Pitzer: Srini, do you have a follow-up? 
Srinivas Pajjuri: Yes, John. Thank you. And I guess my other question is on the other bucket. I think, Dave, you kind of talked about Altera potentially exiting the year at a $2 billion run rate from current levels. That's a pretty steep ramp. And also, I think you said next growth will accelerate over the next couple of quarters. So -- and given the telecom weakness out there that we're seeing, I'm just curious as to what's giving you that visibility or confidence. I mean is this driven by some new products? Or is it just the market recovering? Any color would be helpful. 
David Zinsner: Yes. On Altera, and this is not unprecedented when you see a massive work down of inventory, of course, that significantly impacts the revenue. But as that normalizes, then you start shipping to end consumption. So it's actually a pretty easy lift to get to the $2 billion mark once we're through the inventory digestion period. So I think we have high confidence on that. 
Patrick Gelsinger: And others have commented on their inventory cycles as well in the FPGA category. We have good products in the second half of the year, with Agilex starting to ramp as well. 
David Zinsner: And then on NEX, of course, that business also has gone through its own inventory adjustment. So we have good confidence around that reversing, which will help drive strength. And then some of the products that are more tailored to the AI space, of course, we'll see like, at NEX, for example, we'll see strength through the year. And so that should drive good revenue growth through the year as well. 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. And also in NEX, the AI networking products are strong, our IPU products, we're seeing strength in that area. So it's inventory as well as products. Even though, as your question suggests, the communication sector and the service providers, that is weaker through the year, but pretty much every aspect of their business in edge AI, as Dave said, is seeing strength as we go into the second half of the year and into '25. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Pat, just a conceptual question. In a gen AI server with accelerators, how important is the role of a specific CPU? Or is it easily interchangeable between yours or AMD's or ARM's? I guess the question is that if most of the workload is being done on the accelerator, does it really matter which CPU I use? And can that move towards gen AI servers, essentially shrink the TAM for x86 server CPUs, because a number of your cloud customers have announced ARM-based server alternatives. So I'm just curious, how do you think about that conversion over to gen AI and what that means for x86 server CPU TAM going forward? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. And we spoke at our Vision event about use cases like RAG, retrievable augmented generation, where the LLMs might run on an accelerator, but all of the real-time data, all of the databases, all of the embedding is running on the CPU. So you're seeing all of these data environments, which are already running on Xeon and x86 being augmented with AI capabilities to feed an LLM. And I believe this whole area of RAG becomes one of the primary use cases for enterprise AI. And if you think about it, an LLM might be trained with 1-, 2-year old data, right? But many of the business processes and environment are real time, right? 
 You're not going to be retraining constantly. And that's where this area of the front-end database becomes very prominent. All of those databases run on x86 today. All of them are being enhanced for use cases like RAG. And that's why we see this unlock occurring because the data sits on-prem, the data sits in the x86 database environments that are all being enhanced against these use cases. And as we've shown, we don't need accelerators in some cases. We can run a 70 billion parameter model natively on Xeon with extraordinary TCO value for customers. And furthermore, all of the IT environments that enterprises run today, they have the security, they have the networking, they have the management technologies in place. 
 They don't need to upgrade or change those from any of those use cases. So we see a lot of opportunity here to build on the enterprise asset that we have with the Xeon franchise, but we're also going to be aggressively augmenting that. And we're commonly the head node, even when it's other accelerators are being used or other GPU is being used. And as we've described, Xeon plus Gaudi, we think is going to be a very powerful opportunity for enterprises. 
 So in many of those cases, we see this as a market lift, new applications, new use cases, new energy coming to the enterprise AI. Here we are in year 23 of the cloud, and while 60% of the workload has moved to the cloud, over 80% of the data remains on-prem under the control of the enterprise, much of that underutilized in businesses today. That's what gen AI is going to unlock. And a lot of that is going to happen through the x86 CPU and we see a powerful cycle emerging. And I would just point you back to what we described at Vision. This was a great event and many customers are seeing that value today. 
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a quick follow-up? 
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. Maybe one for Dave on the potential operating loss, kind of how do we model that for the foundry business. So let's say, if I exclude the $2 billion in depreciation headwind, which I'm assuming is almost all going to your foundry business. What is the right way, Dave, to think about foundry operating income or loss this year? And how much of external foundry revenue are you expecting this year? 
David Zinsner: Yes. Good question. The operating losses will pick up. We roughly were at like 2-, 4-ish in the first quarter. It will pick up in the second quarter, given the start-up costs are increasing and I would say, be roughly in that range for the remainder of the year. And then what I said before is we see that improving then going into '25. And Pat's given me the order, he wants to see every quarter some improvement in the operating loss ultimately to get to breakeven midway through the point between now and 2030. And I think that is very achievable. Sorry, Vivek, what was the second question? 
John Pitzer: Vivek, are you still on? 
Operator: No, we've moved on. 
John Pitzer: Why don't we go to the next caller, Jonathan? 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. 
Matthew Ramsay: Yes. Pat, one question I've been getting from some folks, and I totally understand the lead times of starting some of these programs to put increased tile volume at external foundry, but you guys have made the progress on the 5 nodes in 4 years, as you highlighted multiple times. Is there any flex at all to bring back some of that external volume earlier? And I think it matters to some folks because it's a demonstration of you guys being able to ramp your own product to volume and to yield and to economics on 18A, which might give some indication to some external customers that are looking at your foundry business. So just any flex at all to pull that timeline in of sort of reshoring some of the external tiles? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Matt. And largely, those decisions are made when the product decisions are made. So there's limited flexibility to move them around. And if you pick a process node for a certain tile, generally, that's the process node that it's on. So there's limited flexibility there. And many of those decisions, as we've highlighted before, Matt were literally made years ago, right? And those choices were made. 
 That said, we see the peak of our external tiles being this year and next year. And then the road map and the movement of those coming back begins to quite accelerate, even starting late next year. So the plan is clearly laid out. As we said, we see a couple of fabs' worth of capacity coming back into the Intel factory network as we move into '26 and beyond. So this becomes a significant driver. 
 We've also driven significant road map decisions against that improving profile of our products. And I'll say that begins in a very powerful way next year with Panther Lake and Clearwater Forest. Unquestioned, the best products in clients, the best products in server are now being built on Intel 18A. And as the question suggests, we see customers seeing that. Every foundry customer that we speak to, right, understanding where we are in our product and process cycle and the ability for them to essentially benefit from Intel as customer 0 in the foundry network. 
 So overall, this is feeling very good. We're on track to go accomplish that and the business model that we've laid out and Dave and I presented as we go through the decade shows a very healthy improvement in wafer ASP, wafer volume, foundry and these decisions are made, right? We're on track to both have the wafer foundry capabilities, have the process technology and the products to fill those factories. And that's why Dave and I have such confidence in the business model that we've laid out and the improvements that it will deliver as we go over the next several years together. 
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a quick follow-up? 
Matthew Ramsay: Yes, John. Thank you. I wanted to ask a question about the AI accelerator road map. So you guys have Gaudi 3 that you talked about and Falcon Shores coming next year. And the hardware looks quite good. I wanted to ask a question about the software that goes on top of that for both -- well, really for inference but also for training. How do you feel about the software road map that you guys have in the AI space going forward? And how much compatibility, or uniqueness rather, is there to the software that runs on Gaudi 3 versus what will come on Falcon Shores and the forward road map? 
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Maybe 3 different points there. The first one is for inferencing, you need a whole lot less software compatibility, right? And as the market is more focused on inferencing going forward, if you can run the models, right, in the context of the databases and the other, so that portends and that's why we're seeing the strength that we're seeing right now, Matt, in these use cases. And clearly, some of the software compatibility issues of a GPU have led to the training environments that have been challenging for us. But now as customers get much more focused on enterprise use cases, inferencing TCO, we're finding a lot of strength in the offerings that we have. And as we've matured a number of customers now, we've worked through many of those use cases and getting quite a lot of acceptance of the software stack that we have with Gaudi 2 and 3. 
 We will have a very smooth and seamless upgrade from Gaudi 3 into Falcon Shores. But the powerful thing that will come with Falcon Shores is the full programmability that you'll see with the complete instruction set capabilities of Falcon Shores. And at that point, we will have no deficits for any of the use cases and much greater compatibility for the full range of AI capabilities. 
 The other thing that I emphasize is Xeon is a powerful capability with incredible programmable capabilities and we're finding these use cases like I described with the open platform for enterprise AI, RAG use cases is clearly beneficial there for us. So overall, we're feeling like the software story is coming together very nicely. And the entire industry is moving to higher level software abstraction such as Python and Triton. So they're moving away from any of these dependencies to an open software or platform. So the industry trends are in the right direction. Our maturity is in the right direction, and our software stack has gotten much more mature, and we'll have a very smooth upgrade to Falcon Shores. 
 So let me just close our time together and say thank you for the questions. Thanks for joining our call. We appreciate the update to give you on a very solid Q1. And we got a lot done in Q1 that gives us a great foundation for the future. We continue to drive our process and products and AI innovations and delivering on our process technology and leadership road map. If any of you were at COMPUTEX in a few months, I look forward to seeing you there. We have a number of products and offerings that we'll be announcing there as we continue our AI momentum and competitiveness. And as always, we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q4 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we'll hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Q4 was the culmination of a year of tremendous progress towards our IDM 2.0 transformation. We consistently executed on our plan to reestablish process leadership, further build out our capacity and foundry plans, greatly improved product execution and began to execute on our mission to bring AI everywhere across our product segments. We delivered solid Q4 results exceeding expectations for the fourth quarter in a row. Revenue was at the higher end of our guidance, and we had strong EPS upside as a result of our ongoing relentless focus on driving operating leverage and expense management, including comfortably meeting our $3 billion cost savings commitment for fiscal year '23. 2023 was definitely a year when we did what we said we would do and more. We intend to make 2024 another such year. And when we look out over the next 12 months, we are confident that we can continue to drive considerable progress on our IDM 2.0 journey. As we look into Q1, our core business, including client server and edge products continues to perform well and is tracking to the lower end of seasonal. However, discrete headwinds, including Mobileye, PSG and business exits, among others, are impacting overall revenue, leading to a lower Q1 guide. Importantly, we see this as temporary, and we expect sequential and year-on-year growth in both revenue and EPS for each quarter of fiscal year '24. Momentum and excitement around new products and businesses remain strong as we head into the year and will grow stronger as the year progresses. We could not be prouder of the execution across our process technology roadmap in 2023 and we became the world's first high-volume manufacturer of logic devices using EUV, both the U.S. and Europe as we aggressively ramped Core Ultra on Intel 4 in both Oregon and Ireland. Intel 3 achieved manufacturing readiness in Q4 as committed with solid performance in year progression. Our two lead vehicles in Intel 3 are on track, and we look forward to launching Sierra Forest in first half '24 followed shortly thereafter by Granite Rapids. Sierra Forest has final samples at customers and the production stepping of Granite Rapids is running ahead of schedule well into power-on validation and very healthy. We are even more excited about breaking into the Angstrom era with Intel 20A and Intel 18A. We are first in the industry to have incorporated both gate-all-around and backside power delivery in a single process node, the latter unexpected two years ahead of our competition. Arrow Lake, our lead Intel 20A vehicle will launch this year. Intel 18A is expected to achieve manufacturing readiness in second half '24, completing our five nodes in four year journey and bringing us back to process leadership. I am pleased to say that Clearwater Forest, our first Intel 18A part for servers has already gone into fab and Panther Lake for clients will be heading into Fab shortly. As we complete our goal of five nodes in four years, we are not satisfied nor are we finished. We have begun installation of the industry's first high NA EUV tool in our most advanced technology development site in Oregon aimed at addressing challenges beyond 18A. We remain focused on being good stewards of Moore's Law and ensuring a continuous node migration path over the next decade and beyond. Third-party engagements with IFS continue to validate our progress on process technology. We launched IFS with a long-term view of delivering the world's first system foundry that brings together a secure and sustainable supply chain with the best of Intel and our ecosystem. While our ambitions will not materialize overnight, we made tremendous progress in both Q4 and fiscal year '23 towards our goal of becoming the second largest external foundry by 2030. The rapid adoption of AI by all industries is proving to be a significant tailwind for IFS as high-performance compute, an area where we have considerable wafer and packaging know-how and IP is now one of the largest, fastest-growing segments of the semiconductor market. We made major strides in building our foundry ecosystem in 2023 with now over 40 strategic agreements across EDA design services, IP, cloud and U.S. military aerospace and government. Critical agreements with ARM and Synopsys continue to gain momentum. We delivered the Intel 18A 0.9 PDK and broadened its availability in Q4. We expanded the RAMP-C program significantly and just this quarter signed a major foundry contract with the United States Government and Department of Defense. We are also very pleased to have completed a major agreement with United Microelectronics, or UMC, to develop a 12-nanometer process platform targeting high-growth markets, including mobile, communication infrastructure and networking. This expands both Intel and UMC's foundry process portfolios and customer access to a broader and more resilient supply leveraging our Arizona site. This agreement builds upon and furthers our long and deep relationships with the vibrant Taiwan ecosystem. This also meaningfully extends the production life of our installed capacity and improves our returns on investments, similar to the announcement last quarter of our Tower Semiconductor partnership at the 65-nanometer node with our New Mexico site. Our success with IFS will be measured by customer commitments and revenue. We have taped out more than 75 ecosystem and customer test chips. IFS already has more than 50 test chips in the pipeline across 2024 and 2025, 75% of which are on Intel 18A. During CES, we welcomed the Valens Semiconductor to the growing list of foundry customers as they announced they would use IFS to fabricate their MIPI A-PHY chipsets using our advanced technology. In addition to the 3 Intel 18A customers we disclosed in Q3, we won a key design win with a significant high-performance computing customer. This customer was particularly motivated by our unique leading-edge manufacturing capabilities and U.S. capacity. We came into 2023 committing to one 18A foundry customer. We executed on four inclusive of a meaningful prepay and our momentum continues to grow. Our advanced packaging business is proving to be yet another important advantage for IFS, a faster on-ramp to broader foundry relationships. During the quarter, we captured three additional advanced packaging design wins, bringing the total to five in 2023, with the majority of revenue starting in 2025. To support our growing demand, just yesterday, we opened Fab 9 in New Mexico, marking a milestone for high-volume 3D advanced packaging manufacturing. The momentum in advanced packaging is very strong and is another facet of our foundry strategy, which is clearly benefiting from the surge of interest in AI. With leadership technology and available capacity, our opportunity set continues to grow. In total, across wafer and advanced packaging, our lifetime deal value for IFS is now over $10 billion, more than doubling from the $4 billion we provided in our last update. Supporting our growing momentum in IFS is our global manufacturing footprint we are the only semiconductor company with that scale and sustainable manufacturing in every major region of the world providing ourselves and our foundry customers resilient access to the right capacity in the right regions at the right time. All of our expansion projects in the U.S., EU and Asia are progressing on schedule, and our chips applications in the U.S. and EU are progressing well. Finally, we are thrilled to be hosting our first Foundry Day, IFS Direct Connect on February 21 in San Jose where we will have the opportunity to showcase the breadth of our ecosystem as well as begin to talk about our process roadmap beyond Intel 18A, next-generation packaging and our full foundry vision. We hope to see many of you there. Intel continues its mission to bring AI everywhere. We see the AI workload as a key driver of the $1 trillion semiconductor TAM by 2030. And given our foundry and product offerings, we're the only company able to participate in 100% of the TAM for AI Silicon logic. We have already discussed how our 50-year heritage and high-performance computing transistors and our advanced packaging positions IFS to benefit from the accelerating move to AI. Within our product portfolio, we are the only company with the products, IP and ecosystem reach to empower customers to seamlessly integrate and effectively run AI in all their applications from the cloud through the network, into the enterprise client and edge. For the developer working with multitrillion parameter frontier models in the cloud, Gaudi and our suite of AI accelerators provides a powerful combination of performance, competitive ML perf benchmarks and leadership TCO. As AI proliferates and the world moves towards more AI integrated application, there's a market shift toward local inferencing and smaller, more nimble models. It's a nod to both the necessity of data privacy and an answer to cloud-based inferencing cost and round trip latency. With AI accelerated Xeon for enterprise, Core Ultra ushering in the AI PC era and OpenVINO enabling developers seamless and versatile support for a range of clients and edge silicon, we are bringing AI to where the data is being generated and used rather than requiring it in the cloud. Our expansive footprint spanning cloud and enterprise servers to volume clients and ubiquitous edge devices positions us well to enable the AI continuum across all our market segments. In Q4, our server business experienced solid sequential growth, consistent with market share, which we believe was flat with Q3 levels. Since launching 4th Gen Xeon in early 2023, we have shipped more than 2.5 million units with approximately 1/3 of all 4th Gen demand driven by AI. With our 5th Gen Xeon launch, we enable up to 42% higher AI inference performance compared to the industry-leading 4th Gen Xeon. 5th Gen Xeon has reached general availability at Alibaba is entering public and private previews with several CSPs and is on track to ship with OEMs next month. More importantly, our improved execution is strengthening our product portfolio with Gen 4 and Gen 5 Xeon ramping well, Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids coming soon and Clearwater Forest already going into the fab. Momentum is building and positioning us well to win back share in the data center. Our Gaudi 2 AI accelerators continue to demonstrate price performance leadership compared to the most popular GPUs. In a recent blog published by Databricks, Gaudi 2 was shown to clearly deliver the best training and inference performance per dollar based on public cloud pricing. We're building on this momentum with Gaudi 3, which is on track to launch this year and is expected to deliver performance leadership with 4x the processing power and double the networking bandwidth for greater scale out performance. Gaudi 3 is now in the lab, powered on and showing great health and performance and Falcon Shores is also well underway. Our accelerator pipeline for 2024 grew double digits sequentially in Q4 and is now well above $2 billion and growing. We recently increased our supply for both Gaudi 2 and Gaudi 3 to support the growing customer demand and we expect meaningful revenue acceleration throughout the year. As we announced last quarter, we are now operating PSG as a standalone business beginning on January 1. Our intent is to bring in private capital this year to create an eventual path to an IPO over the coming years. As we outlined on our Q3 call, PSG is in the midst of an industry-wide cyclical correction for FPGAs, which we expect to last through the first half of '24. Despite the financial correction, operational momentum is strong and PSG executed its most ambitious FPGA roadmap, delivering 21 new product releases in 2023 and executing supply assurance agreements valued by our customers. Finally, even as we congratulate Sandra Rivera, the new CEO of PSG, I am extremely pleased to welcome Justin Hotard as Executive Vice President and General Manager of DCAI. Justin joined us from Hewlett Packard Enterprise, where he was Executive Vice President and General Manager of High Performance Computing AI and Labs. He will play a key role in helping customers accelerate their businesses with our Xeon processor family, delivering on our commitments to customers and partners by increasing our GPU and accelerator footprint and supporting our mission to bring AI everywhere. Moving to client. CCG performed very well in Q4, posting the third consecutive quarter of double-digit sequential growth. Demand reflected a normalized inventory environment of sustained strength in gaming and commercial with our highest end SKUs exceeding Q3 records by 20%. The 2023 consumption TAM was roughly 270 million units consistent with our views entering the year, and we expect the PC TAM up low single digits year-on-year in 2024, in line with third-party estimates. Our share position is strong, and our product portfolio for 2024 and beyond and ecosystem work will continue to drive industry-leading performance and experiences. In Q4, we ushered in the age of the AI PC with the launch of Intel Core Ultra. Representing our largest architectural shift in decades, the Core Ultra is the most AI-capable and power-efficient client processor with dedicated acceleration capabilities across the CPU, GPU and Neural Processing Unit or NPU. Ultra is the centerpiece of the AI PC, systems that are capable of natively running popular $10 billion parameter models and drive superior performance on key AI-enhanced applications like Zoom, Adobe and Microsoft. We expect to ship approximately 40 million AI PCs in 2024 alone with more than 230 designs from ultrathin PCs to handheld gaming devices to be delivered this year from OEM partners, Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, LG, MSI, Samsung Electronics and others. The Core Ultra platform delivers leadership AI performance today with our next-generation platforms launching later this year, Lunar Lake and Arrow Lake tripling our AI performance. In 2025 with Panther Lake, we will grow AI performance up to an additional 2x. NEX is well positioned to benefit from the proliferation of AI workloads on the edge where our market-leading hardware and software assets provides improved latency, reliability and cost. OpenVINO adoption grew by 60% sequentially in Q4 and today is a core software layer for AI inferencing on the edge, on the PC and in the data center. NEX is also driving the shift of AI networking in the cloud from proprietary technologies to open Ethernet-based approaches in partnership with a broader industry ecosystem. NEX Q4 results beat our internal forecast and the division is poised for solid growth in 2024 across edge network and ethnic products more skewed to the second half. Yet another growing market opportunity for us is automotive. While Mobileye is experiencing a sharp inventory correction in Q1, we are encouraged by their improving forecast throughout 2024 and more importantly, the recent announcement at CES that they were awarded a series of production design wins by a major Western automaker across the company's three key platforms: SuperVision, Chauffeur and Drive. In addition to Mobileye's strengths in AV, at CES, we announced the launch of AI-enhanced software-defined vehicle, SoCs with Geely’s Zeekr brand as our first OEM partner and our agreement to acquire Silicon Mobility, a fabulous silicon and software company specializing in power management SoCs focused on EVs. These announcements build on shared IP across clients and data center and our existing Intel SoC footprint of more than 50 million vehicles worldwide. Our strategy will continue to broaden our exposure to the growing auto market on both the product and the foundry sides of our business. Finally, underpinning our across-the-board progress in 2023 is our operational and financial discipline. As our new internal foundry model, which is designed to drive greater transparency, accountability and focus on cost begins to take root, we expect to unlock further cost savings and efficiencies in 2024 and beyond. We have officially transitioned to this new operating model on January 1, and we'll report the new segmentation format as part of our Q1 earnings. We see incremental efficiencies as we drive to our long-term model of 60% gross and 40% operating margins. As I reflect on our progress in 2023, I am incredibly proud of our employees whose commitment and perseverance were instrumental to the execution of our ambitious strategy. Together, we exited the year accomplishing exactly what we set out to do. We improved our execution engine consistently being on track or ahead on our process and product roadmap. And as I said at the beginning of my remarks, we are confident in our performance and financial trajectory for the year ahead. We know we have much work in front of us as we work to regain and build on our leadership position in every category in which we participate. We will maintain our relentless focus on our mission and commitment to driving long-term value for our shareholders. With that, let me turn things over to David.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered strong financial results in the quarter on top of continued execution of our products and process roadmap commitments. We again beat our guidance across revenue, gross margin and EPS. We've taken proactive steps to prioritize our investments, aggressively manage near-term expenses and made meaningful progress on reducing our structural cost gaps. We exit 2023 a healthier and leaner company, but there is much more work to do in 2024 and beyond to deliver on our long-term financial objectives and the potential of IDM 2.0. Fourth quarter revenue was $15.4 billion, up 9% sequentially, 10% year-over-year and $300 million above the midpoint of our guidance with solid execution across reported segments. Gross margin was 48.8%, 230 basis points better than our guidance, driven by favorable product mix and ASPs, improved unit costs and higher revenue. EPS for the quarter was $0.54, beating guidance by $0.10 on improved gross margins, stronger revenue and disciplined OpEx management. Q4 operating cash flow was $4.6 billion. Net inventory was down more than $300 million and nine days in the quarter, and DSO remains under 20. Net CapEx was $5.9 billion resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $1.3 billion, and we paid dividends of $0.5 billion in the quarter. Moving to the fourth quarter business unit results. CCG delivered revenue of $8.8 billion, up 12% sequentially, 33% year-over-year and ahead of internal expectations for the fourth consecutive quarter. We saw sustained strength in gaming and commercial segments, along with record performance notebook shipments in the quarter. Customer inventory levels have normalized and 2023 PC consumption was in line with our 270 million unit forecast. Operating profit was $2.9 billion, up more than $800 million sequentially and nearly $2.4 billion year-over-year on improved TAM and market share and sell-through of reserved inventory. DCAI revenue was $4 billion, up 4% sequentially. The server business delivered double-digit growth sequentially, partially offset by the FPGA inventory correction. Revenue was driven by improved unit TAM, stable share and rising average core density contributing to record Xeon ASPs. Operating profit was $78 million, roughly flat sequentially as advanced node development costs continue to weigh on profitability. NEX revenue was $1.5 billion, up 1% sequentially and ahead of internal expectations on strength from network and Ethernet segments. The business saw an operating loss of $12 million, down modestly quarter-over-quarter. Intel Foundry Services contributed revenue of $291 million, down modestly on a sequential basis and up 63% year-over-year on increased traditional packaging revenue. IFS operating loss was $113 million, driven by continued investment to develop and grow world-class systems foundry. Mobileye delivered record revenue of $637 million, up 20% sequentially and 13% year-over-year, along with record operating profit of $242 million, up 42% sequentially and 15% year-over-year. Recently disclosed design wins are expected to contribute more than $7 billion of future revenue or more than 3.5x Mobileye's record FY '23 revenue. As Pat summarized, the company made significant progress towards our IDM 2.0 strategy including strong execution against our 2023 financial commitments despite macro headwinds throughout the year. As committed at our Q1 '23 earnings call, we delivered revenue gross margin, operating margin and EPS growth each quarter. Despite significant investments in future growth and continued progression through five nodes in four years, we achieved our 2023 commitment of $3 billion of spending reductions. Through a strong focus on cash and cost controls, we achieved excellent DSO and DPO in the second half of 2023, and delivered net inventory reductions of nearly $2 billion and 35 days from our peak in Q1 '23. Working capital initiatives yielded roughly $2 billion of cash in 2023, helping us to meet our commitment for roughly breakeven adjusted free cash flow in the second half of the year. We remain committed to our smart capital framework with growing contributions from our Skip agreement with Brookfield and progress toward government incentives in the U.S., Europe and Israel. In Q4, we also recognized $845 million of advanced manufacturing investment credits or AMIC, as defined in the CHIPS Act. While our continued IDM 2.0 capital investments will result in increased gross CapEx in '24 as compared to '23, we're on track to our aggregate 2023 through 2024 guidance of net CapEx spending in the mid-30s as a percent of revenue, with offsets towards the high end of the 20% to 30% range. Now turning to Q1 guidance. We expect Q1 revenue of $12.2 billion to $13.2 billion. At the Q1 revenue midpoint of $12.7 billion, we expect gross margin of approximately 44.5% with a tax rate of 13% and EPS of $0.13. While we expect a slightly subseasonal first quarter from our core product businesses, we see material inventory corrections in Mobileye and PSG. Additionally, we expect a significant drop in IFS revenue after seeing accelerated purchasing in our traditional packaging business and cyclical weakness in wafer equipment buying in the first half of the year, impacting the IMS business. When combined with businesses we exited in 2023, we expect a roughly $1 billion sequential revenue impact from businesses outside of our core products. With market signals remaining positive for PC demand and usage rates, we expect TAM to grow in the low single digits in 2024, consistent with third-party views. Our recent results show the PC remains essential, and we remain confident in our longer-term TAM forecast as the age of the AI PC further enhances the value of device refresh. We expect Q1 data center revenue to decline double-digit percent sequentially before improving through the year. While the data center has seen some wallet share shift between CPU and accelerators over the last several quarters, we expect growth in CPU compute cores to return to more normal historical rates and our discrete accelerator portfolio with well over $2 billion in pipeline to gain traction as we move through 2024. Within NEX, telco markets are likely to remain weak through the year, though we expect solid growth from our Network, FNIC and Edge products. These signals give us confidence that consolidated revenue will grow beyond typical seasonality after a soft Q1. And that we can deliver sequential and year-over-year growth in both revenue and EPS each quarter of 2024. We're confident we can grow earnings faster than revenue this year and maintain roughly breakeven adjusted free cash flow, though I'll remind you that the rapid pace of delivering five nodes in four years and capacity expansion in support of external foundry commitments remain headwinds on the pace of our margin expansion. We expect depreciation to grow by approximately $2 billion in 2024, in addition to a significant increase in variable factory start-up costs. 60% gross margin flow-through as a percent of revenue growth remains a rule of thumb in aggregate in the intermediate term, though we may see volatility in our quarterly gross margin results. We're excited to mark the first month fully operating under our new internal foundry reporting structure with improved accountability, transparency around cost and value drivers and increased focus on driving higher rates of return for our owner's capital. We intend to provide you with the recast historical financials this quarter in the form of an 8-K. We will unpack the details at that time, but you will see not only the first view of our manufacturing P&L, but a view of our products group more in line with external peers. While come as no surprise, our manufacturing P&L is under significant pressure as we get back to process leadership and build the infrastructure to meet both internal and external demand, we see abundant opportunity to drive improvement. Finally, standing up a separate legal entity for manufacturing, technology development and IFS is important to our foundry customers. We expect to have that structure in place in the second half of 2024. As we look back at 2023, we have a lot to be proud of. We entered the year with a challenging macro backdrop. I'm pleased with our team's efforts, controlling spending, ramping new products, managing share, executing product and process roadmaps and delivering for our customers. We continue to focus our portfolio by exiting five businesses in 2023 for a total of 10 since past return. While also identifying profitable adjacent markets, we can serve with our existing IP as we have done with Intel Auto. We executed within our Smart capital framework and are beginning to see meaningful capital offsets. We unlocked value for our shareholders through Mobileye and IMS and announced our intention to pursue external investments in PSG. I'd like to thank the entire Intel team for the hard work and execution, which drove our improved 2023 results. While we aren't yet where we want to be from a financial perspective, we're participating in a large and growing semiconductor TAM. Our foundry and AI assets are showing great momentum in the market and with the strong foundation of financial discipline we set in 2023, we're confident and committed to our long-term financial objectives. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Pitzer: We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. As a reminder, we ask each of you to ask one question and a brief follow-up where applicable. With that, Jonathan, can we please take the first question?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our first question. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I have a near-term one and then for my follow-up would be a longer-term one. So the near-term one is on the demand picture. Dave, you were helpful in breaking up kind of the non-core impacts in the first quarter versus the core, but the low end of seasonality is a little bit of a surprise given that cyclical pressures seem to have been abating and some of the market share trends should have been going in your favor, at least also not worsening. So can you just talk a little bit about why you're at the low end of seasonality in the first quarter for your core businesses and what gives you confidence in super seasonality thereafter?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Hi, thanks, Ross. I'll start and ask Dave to follow-up. And first, what's seasonality Q4 to Q1? There's a wide range of perspectives, anywhere from 3% to 20% historically. So I'll just say it's a wide statement, of what that looks like. Obviously, as we come into the year, it's coming off a very strong Q4. Our product lines are strong. We feel our inventory positions are healthy. We're gaining momentum across it. And obviously, we've built the forecast consistent with our customers and channel partners that we believe is merited. Obviously, Dave talked about some of the discrete events, which as we added them up, were a little bit larger than we forecast, but the core business we see is healthy. For it, we see no areas for market share loss and the products are getting stronger. So, we'll say it really reflects as we view the market, but we've also said, hey, we're improving every quarter as we go through the year, like improving on revenue, top line, improving on profitability as we go through the year. And we've quite scrutinized that outlook for the year. And obviously, as the year improves, new product lines are merging, tailwinds in areas like AIPC, Gaudi ramping for accelerators. Overall, a lot of things just keep improving as we go through the year. Combined with good cost discipline, we feel quite comfortable that we're starting strong and we're going to have an improving year as the year progresses.
David Zinsner: And what's the long-term question, Ross?
Ross Seymore: You just, the confidence in, oh, the second half. The long-term question is one, yes, sorry. The long-term question is one of the manufacturing nodes. The five nodes in four years is going well, but one of your biggest foundry, well, customers and competitors is doubling down on their ability to keep the leadership positioning. So what gives you confidence that 18A will in fact have the leadership node? And how do we reconcile the fact that you seem to be using that customer as a foundry partner for some of your heterogeneous products, whether it be Arrow Lake or Lunar Lake going forward? If you have the leadership, why wouldn't you be doing that internally?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. I'll do that and ask Dave for pile on both of those a little bit. But with respect to the manufacturing, I'll just say, hey, we look at this every single day and we're scrutinizing carefully our progress on 18A. And obviously the great news that we just described those Clearwater Forest taping out, that gives us a lot of confidence that 18A is healthy. That's a major product for us. Panther Lake following that shortly. We've also had our fourth customer this quarter. Some of the IP providers are giving us very strong affirmation on the competitiveness of the process technology. And particularly, we're just way ahead on backside power. And that's not even, everybody in the industry is recognizing that. And many of the customers who are looking at it are seeing substantial gains, not just in power performance, but in area savings as well. So overall, we feel very confident that our roadmap is strong in the process technology side. We do use external foundries and obviously that grew as we were dealing with some of our own challenges for process competitiveness. And as we create more and more focus in the business, more wafers will come in internal to the Intel factory network. But long-term, we're going to continue to use external foundries to complement, manage our capital requirements. And to make sure that our teams always are building the best products in the industry and using the best technologies to accomplish that. So overall, we feel super good with our strategy. You'll see more use of our own factory network, even as we leverage external foundries where appropriate.
David Zinsner: The only other thing I'd add is, just the use of external foundries as part of our smart capital strategy. It's one of the five pillars. So as Pat said, that will continue to be part of our strategy. Obviously, we're going to maximize how much we can do internally, but we're always going to be using external foundries based on smart capital.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question, please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot, Dave. I had a question about gross margin. It was obviously much, much better in December, and the March guidance is actually pretty good. So does this include the sale of any previously written down inventory and maybe help us get a clean margin number? Is this March number pretty clean that we can carry that incremental forward through the year?
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean - what I said in the prepared remarks, I think, is that we think that a 60% fall through is probably the best rule of thumb. That said, as you know, quarter-to-quarter, things can move that number up and down. In Q4, we saw a better fall through. Largely, it was related to a better sell through of previously reserved product. We also actually did better on the factory side in terms of spending and yield. And so that also benefited us to some extent. And then in Q1, I think we're going to do a little worse. We're going to see the fall through be a little harder on us. And largely, that's some of that stuff going away a little bit. But I think if you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it's kind of a '23 to '24, '24 to '25, we'd largely expect it to be this 60% fall through. We're going to have these quarter-to-quarter movements that kind of violate that, because of just one-off things. But I think in general, you'll see 60% fall through be the right measure. Longer term, we're obviously going to want to see that number go up, because it's going to drive us to the 60% gross margins. We ultimately want to attain. But in the near term, we're kind of dealing with a lot of the costs associated with five nodes in four years. It's just a lot of startup costs back. We'll probably hit our peak start-up cost in 2024. So that's a huge headwind we'll have to deal with. So that's going to, kind of keep us in this 60% fall through range for the next couple of years.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow- up question?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. I do, Dave. Yes. Just how you get to that 60%. So it seems like there could be persistent headwinds in terms of capacity utilization. I mean, I think a lot of us see that there's this plan to cut over to internal, starting with Panther Lake, but that doesn't really ramp into high volume until probably 2026. So are you managing to some sort of like utilization rate for your internal capacity to sort of get to that 60%? Thanks.
David Zinsner: Yes. Well, maybe step back a little bit on the 60%. I mean, it will be driven by a number of factors, one of which is just revenue. Revenue growing on a largely fixed cost business is going to help gross margins. Obviously, we have optimism around how we can drive the growth of the business. The second, as you point out, is loadings. And we are managing our capital spend and our investment with an eye on loadings to make sure that we keep those in a good place. Obviously, last year, we had some underloadings to deal with. But as we kind of break out of that and start to move into the next year, I think we'll start to see some improvements there. Third, as we get, as Pat was talking about, to leadership in terms of nodes and products, ultimately across the entire product portfolio, that's going to help out on margins. It's going to help out from a cost structure perspective, but also better performing products are just going to yield better pricing and so forth, better profitability. And then lastly, we've got this internal foundry model that Pat mentioned, and I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we think is going to deliver tons of savings for the company. I think every week that Pat and I spend on this. Somebody brings up another big rock that they found of savings they can identify, because they were looking at the business in an entirely different way than they're used to looking at it. The product groups are now hyper-focused on test times and how many - and what sort of hot lots they do and how much sample activity they use. The factories now, as you point out, very, very hyper-focused on loadings and making sure they're properly thinking about their capital investments associated with the loadings. So, we're way more focused in terms of steppings and so forth. So, I think we'll get, like I said in a call a couple of quarters ago, $4 billion to $5 billion of savings from this internal foundry model ultimately. And so that's another big step function that I think gets us to the 60% gross margin.
Pat Gelsinger: I'd also add things like we just announced with UMC, right. We're taking older factories. And as Tim, as you might've heard me say in the past right, a bug in the Intel business model, right. Just when a factory got very good and depreciated, we moved to the next node. Well now, we're starting to fill that with long-term foundry business as well. So all of these are improving the discipline of running the business as well as how we utilize our factory networks long-term. And we really do think that the 60-40 is what Dave and I are driving the business to and we're going to get there.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the data center decline in Q1, how much of that is a function of the weakness in FPGAs that you've talked to already and then just any sense of what the cloud and server environment is like in the first quarter?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. So, overall, when you fact, obviously, we've spoken separately about the FPGA business. So, let's just move that to the side. Overall, I'll say it's fairly seasonal quarter-to-quarter in what we expect. That said, we're seeing strength from our server customers. For instance, more of the OEM responses are strong with regard to the momentum they're seeing in the enterprise server business. And obviously, our product line is improving there. We do expect year-on-year growth here. We see our market share stabilizing. And obviously, as we're ramping, Gen 4, Gen 5, Granite Rapids, Sierra Forest, the momentum is building for us overall. And as we indicated, hi, we think more of the AI surge is going to result in AI inferencing on-prem, which we're well positioned to be a beneficiary of. I would just cite that here we are in year 20 of the public cloud, and you have 60% plus of compute in the cloud, but 80 plus percent of data remains on-prem. Customers want to realize the value of that on-prem data with AI, and that's an enterprise strength for Intel. So, we do see all of these trends giving us a very favorable outlook for the year. And there's nothing surprising about the Q1 guide here. And we're going to be very focused on beating those numbers and building on the momentum of improving our product line.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
Joseph Moore: Yes, I do. Along the same lines, can you talk about Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids? And I guess, how do you see the long-term mix between those? What kind of appetite do you see for the Sierra Forest and higher core count designs?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And I would love to talk for hours about Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids. I am super excited about those products, both of them on Intel 3. And if I build on the last question from Tim about factory loadings, hi, we are driving hard to accelerate those products into the marketplace, and they're really the drivers of Intel 3 capacity. The mix between them, obviously, this is our first, I'll say, volume mainstream offering for a high core count. I sort of view this as the cloud guys just one VMs at scale or just one containers at scale. That's what Sierra Forest is about, is sort of that bulk workload. And it doesn't have some of the performance capabilities, peak capabilities, feature capabilities that Granite Rapids has. I expect the bulk of the market to stay on Granite Rapids type products, the P-core products, certainly in '24 and '25. But we do see a pretty steady rise in the use of Sierra Forest. And then as we move to Clearwater Forest in '25, a very compelling product. We do see a pretty healthy split between those for the cloud and data center customers. I think most of the enterprise customers will stay with the P-core products that they will have. And it really is Sierra Forest, Clearwater Forest, and successors being sort of that bulk mainstream cloud offering that's very focused on TCO. So with that, we feel super good about our product portfolio, P-cores, E-cores, really allowing us to stretch the offerings to the highest performance with high core count and to the best TCO. And with that, this is a portfolio that will allow us to regain share in the core data center market.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Joe. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Ben Reitzes: Yes. Hi. Thanks. Appreciate it. I wanted to revisit the gross margins, and I appreciate the 60% flow-through comment that we should use as a rule of thumb. But Dave, starting at 44.5% in the first quarter, how do you - are you still looking for the overall reported non-GAAP number to be up year-over-year from the 43.6%? And you mentioned some volatility there. I just want to clarify on the call how the gross margin trajectory is going to look year-over-year and understanding there's that volatility there? Thanks.
David Zinsner: Yes. Yes, to be clear, the way I was looking at gross margins is on a year-over-year basis on the 60% fall-through. So you should take the full year gross margins that we had in '23, which were roughly 43.5%. And think about this 60% fall-through based on the 43.6% gross margins. I think when you do that, we obviously start off at a level that's better on a year-over-year basis, but obviously down on quarter-to-quarter basis. And so, you should expect generally improving dynamics through the year. The only challenge will be this quarter-to-quarter always has volatility to it. So there could be quarters in which we get less ship through of previously reserved products. Sometimes it's more. And so and kind of avoiding trying to pinpoint every quarter, because of the difficulty around pinpointing that, but we feel very confident around the 60% fall-through.
John Pitzer: Ben, do you have a follow-up?
Ben Reitzes: Yes, thanks, John. Could you talk a little bit more about the client market? There was - you mentioned that corporate, you said some strength and Dell had said there was some weakness. And heading into the first quarter, can you talk about the revenues on client and what makes you so confident that it's really going to pick up? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. So as we look at the market year-on-year, we expect it to be a few points bigger than it was last year. So last year was 270. This year, a couple of points higher than that. I think that's consistent with the various market forecasters that we have. Our market share position is very stable. We had good execution of market share through last year. And the product line is better this year with a number of tailwinds, like we said. So overall, we think it's going to be a very solid year for us in our client business. Obviously, as we start the year, everybody is, I'll say, managing through what their Q1 outlook looks like, even as they expect to see stronger business as we go through the year. I'd also comment, Ben, that some of these tailwinds really only start to materialize as you go into second quarter and second half. AIPC is just ramping right now. The Windows 10 EOS goes into effect. And customers are starting to look at the post-COVID refreshes. So a lot of those benefits materialize as you go through the year. But our position in gaming, commercial, very strong for us overall. And I'll tell you, we're just seeing a lot of excitement for the AIPC. I describe this the Centrino moment. The most exciting category-defining moment since Wi-Fi was introduced two-plus decades ago. So, we do think that it's going to bring multi-year cycle of growth, great ISVs, great new use cases, and a product line that is clearly leading the industry established in this category.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Ben. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arora from Bank of America Security. Your question, please?
Vivek Arora: Thanks for taking my question. But I'm curious, now that we are a year into the generative AI deployments, what's your view on how cloud customers are thinking about the CapEx between traditional and AI servers? Because when we look at the revenue growth across your GPU competitors, they seem to be capturing nearly all of the incremental CapEx and in some cases, even more than right, just the CapEx at the public cloud company. So does that really leave much room for your CPU business to grow right beyond just the seasonal variations? So just how are you looking at the AI market overall? And what part of that is Intel really able to capture when we just look at how much is being or needing to be dedicated to your GPU competitors?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And let's just maybe three different aspects to it. The first one is clearly the high end cloud guys and what they're doing for maximizing training environments. Clearly that's been an accelerator market so far. But that even is giving, I'll say a bit of a tailwind in the sense there are lots of head nodes associated with that. We do think, as we said, that the market moves much more from high end training to inferencing. Of where our product line is more substantive for it. But the enterprise market, as we see it for data centers, is very much going to be an on-premise play, taking advantage of inferencing in that data pools that they already have. And that's an area of good strength for Intel. And we're starting to see that in some of the conversations with our OEM customers. And as I finished, probably 50 meetings between World Economic Forum and Davos and CDS with customers, I'll say we have absolute unanimous response that they're going to be deploying a lot of their AI on premise in their data centers. And, you know, Xeons and our on premise offerings are simply the preferred way for them to be taken advantage of those capabilities inside of their data centers. Inside of the TCO envelopes, power, networking management that, they have in place. Obviously, we need to be participating - more in the accelerator piece of that. And we're seeing the growing pipeline of our opportunities. We saw a nice uptick in revenue in Q4 from a small number, but a lot of momentum as we come into the year. And Gaudi3 is getting a lot of excitement, you know, clearly leading in TCO. So, we're going to be competing much more for that high end accelerator footprint. But I think the message of 2024 is going to be inferencing, AI everywhere. That's going to be at the edge. That's going to be the AIPC. And it's going to be in the enterprise data center, all areas that Intel has a much stronger footprint.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a follow-up question?
Vivek Arora: Yes. Thank you, John. Thank you, Pat. So on the foundry side, I think you mentioned IFS, you know, some declines in Q1 after the strong Q4 that you had. So, I was hoping if you could just help us size what is IFS in Q1. And then longer term, you know, you mentioned now you have four 18A wins, but how do we quantify what they mean for '24 or '25 or '26? And I think on the call you had mentioned somewhere about $10 billion in lifetime wins. I'm hoping that that's what you meant for 18A. But when I look at that $10 billion over multiple years, that is not really that big relative to I think the $130 billion plus annual foundry market. So could you just help us size what does Intel's external foundry business mean for 2024 or 2025 perspective? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And the two things in the Q4 to Q1 numbers on IFS, one is the - I'll say the natural ending of our traditional packaging volume. So that affects Q4 as we go into Q1. And obviously our focus there isn't doing I'll say traditional packaging. You know, that's best supplied by OSAT vendors, but we were in a unique position to help our customers as we went through the COVID cycle. All of our packaging focus going forward, is advanced packaging where our technology is differentiated, the margins are good. And as you saw, we just announced the New Mexico facility, as the first major advanced manufacturing facility on U.S. soil. A lot of excitement from that from customers across the world. Also, we had our foundry equipment business, which was another factor Q4 to Q1, very consistent. With the profile that you might've heard from people like ASML, right? As they saw the quarter-to-quarter implications on the equipment business. So I'll say Q4 to Q1, all explainable in those contexts. The business we're winning 18A foundry customers, Intel 3 packaging, it takes quarters for that to materialize and for wafer customers' years. And that's why we said lifetime deal value is probably the best metric that we can give you to help you understand the nature of that business as it's growing. And as I said, we saw a big uptick from our prior update to this one. Obviously we need to, as your question suggests, get to a much bigger number. And that's exactly what we're going to do. We're now well underway. We're seeing healthy growth in lifetime deal value. We'll be giving you periodic updates on it as a good metric of seeing how rapidly that business is growing for us. And I've emphasized that number is just external foundry, right? Our internal business is what's going to be driving the factory build out. And that really gives us the scale to then start adding these additional external customers to it. Those deals, as we say, they could be a year or two, or they could be multiple years in length. There'll be a varying contract length associated with them. And we just want to give some visibility, transparency to the business and a rapidly growing lifetime deal value is a good way for us to give you some characterization of that business outlook. Finally, I want to see you on February 21. We're going to hold a big industry ecosystem event, our IFS direct connect and meeting with the ecosystem, our customers, but we're inviting analysts to listen in to the great conversations we're going to have and the disclosures that we'll be giving there.
John Pitzer: Thanks Vivek. Jonathan, if you have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our final question for today. And our final question for today comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question, please.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for squeezing me in. I'll combine both my questions into one. Typically, you know, in a manufacturing transition, you take on one, maybe two kinds of technical challenges. Here at 18A, you know, you're taking on backside power, gate all around and high in A. So, we'd love to hear kind of maybe some of the struggles you've seen, how you've worked through them, and what kind of feedback you're getting from customers in all three of those and kind of the confidence on delivering the goods in the timeline that we set out? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Very good. So let me characterize a little bit more carefully, because we've been trying to carefully manage the risk that we're taking on. So first was the move into EUV. We began that with Intel 4 and Intel 3. And those, as we said, are high volume manufacturing underway done. So, we sort of took the risk of EUV off the table there. Backside power, right, we ran an internal node, something we didn't disclose to external foundry customers. But we ran, many, many wafers using Intel 3, with backside power to go de-risk backside power, before we put it into Intel 20A and Intel 18A. So, we had a major step to de-risk backside power. And then of course, gate all around the transistor. So 18A brings those two together, backside power and the gate all around transistor. But I'll tell you, as we've been going through the development process. Backside power on 18A has been elegant, beautiful, high yield, very clean in its introduction into the process. And really the focus has been on the new transistor structure with gate all around. As customers are taking advantage of that now, as they're starting to look at that, they're really seeing great benefits from backside power. In some cases, almost as much performance benefit and significant area benefit from that. And gate all around transistors making good progress are 0.9 PDK that we delivered in Q4. And we'll be having the 1.0 PDK in Q2 on track. And as I said, Clearwater Forest is the first product. And it's now in fab on 18A, a huge milestone for us, both on the product side, as well as on the process side. High-NA, the next generation of EUV is not part of 18A, right? That will be part of the next major node. We'll talk more about that at the Intel Foundry Day, as we said on February 21, but we're not introducing that as a risk factor into 18A. You know, it's the EUV tools that are in production today that we've already de-risked as part of the Intel 4 and Intel 3. So, we think we've done a very careful management of risk. And we look at this all the time as we're rebuilding our momentum. And as I said, overall, we are confident five nodes in four years. This was audacious. It's been superbly executed, and we are on track to deliver it and get back to process, technology, leadership for both our products, as well as to establish a major foundry opportunity for the industry. Rebuilding Western supply chains, the momentum we're seeing in our whole factory network. You know, this is really incredible, the progress, and I couldn't be proud of our team for getting it done. So with that, you know, let me say thank you for joining us on the call as always. We appreciate the opportunity that we have to update you on a strong Q4, beating on top and bottom line, finishing an incredible year in 2023. And we're just excited about the momentum we see across the business for both our products, our business and financial execution, the manufacturing technology, foundry design wins really across the board. Our say-do ratio has been extremely high, and we appreciate the interest. And as I said, we look forward to the opportunity to give you some more updates as part of Foundry Direct Connect, February 21 in San Jose. And I hope to see many of you there as we lay out an exciting update to the industry, and it'll be a great day for us. Thank you so much for joining us.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation’s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program is being recorded. And now I’d like to introduce your host for today’s program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q3 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our investor website, intc.com. For those joining us online, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today’s discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our discussion also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations, where appropriate, to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, given our significant and now almost 50-year presence in Israel, we are deeply saddened by the recent attacks and their impact on the region. Our utmost priority is the safety and welfare of our people in Israel and their families. But I also want to recognize the resilience of our teams as they have kept our operations running and our factory expansion progressing. Our thoughts are with all of those affected by the war, and I am praying for a swift return to peace. Turning to our results, we delivered an outstanding Q3, beating expectations for the third consecutive quarter. Revenue was above the high-end of our guidance and EPS benefited from both strong operating leverage and expense discipline. More important than our standout financial performance were the key operational milestones we achieved in the quarter across process and products, Intel Foundry Services, and our strategy to bring AI everywhere. Simply put, this quarter demonstrates the meaningful progress we have made towards our IDM 2.0 transformation. The foundation of our strategy is reestablishing transistor power and performance leadership. While many thought our ambitions were a bit audacious when we began our five nodes and four-year journey roughly 2.5-years ago, we have increasing line of sight towards achieving our goal. Intel 7 is done with nearly 150 million units in aggregate of Alder Lake, Raptor Lake, and Sapphire Rapids already in the market. In addition, Emerald Rapids has achieved product release and began shipping this month. In Q3, we began initial shipments of Meteor Lake on Intel 4, which we are now aggressively ramping on the most productive fleet of EUV tools in the industry, providing us with a greater than 20% capital efficiency advantage, compared to when EUV tools were first launched. High volume EUV manufacturing is well underway in Oregon and more recently in Ireland. Our FAB 34 in Ireland represents the first high volume EUV production in Europe, underscoring our commitment to establish geographically diverse and resilient supply. We are the only leading-edge semiconductor manufacturer at scale in every major region of the globe. Our Intel 3 process is tracking to be manufacturing ready by year-end, supporting our first two Intel 3 products, Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids. In fact, our production stepping of Sierra Forest is already out of fab, and what we expect to be the production stepping of Granite Rapids has already taped in and is in the fab now. We are particularly excited by our move into the Angstrom era with Intel 20A and Intel 18A. Adding to our accelerating adoption of EUV are two key new innovations, RibbonFET and PowerVIA, representing the first fundamental change to the transistor and process architecture since we commercialized FinFET in 2012. I have been studying SEM diagrams for almost 40-years. RibbonFET and PowerVIA are true works of art, the most exquisite transistors ever created. We expect to achieve manufacturing readiness on Intel 20A in the first-half of 2024. Arrow Lake, our lead product on 20A, is already running Windows and demonstrating excellent functionality. Even more significant, we hit a critical milestone on Intel 18A with the 0.9 release of the PDK with imminent availability to external customers. In simple terms, the invention phase of RibbonFET and PowerVIA is now complete, and we are racing towards production-ready, industry-leading process technology. Our first products on Intel 18A will go into fab on schedule in Q1 ‘24 with Clearwater Forest for servers, Panther Lake for clients, and of course a growing number of IFS test chips. We expect to achieve manufacturing readiness for Intel 18A in second-half 24, completing our incredible five nodes and four years journey on or ahead of schedule. While Intel 18A reestablishes transistor leadership, we are racing to increase that lead. We announced that innovation are plans to lead the industry in a move to glass substrate for high density, performance, and unique optical capabilities. We also announced our plans to begin installation of the world's first high NA EUV tool for commercial use by the end of the year to continue our modernizations and infrastructure expansions of our Gordon Moore Park in Oregon, home of our technology development team. Moore's Law continues to be the foundational driver of semiconductor technology and economics, which, in turn, fuels broader innovation in every industry across the globe. We remain committed to be good stewards of Moore's Law and drive advancements until we have exhausted every element on the periodic table. Importantly, our progress on process technology is now being well validated by third parties. We have made great progress with early IFS customers this quarter, which we expect to only accelerate with the release of the 0.9 PDK for Intel 18A. A major customer committed to Intel 18A and Intel 3, which includes a meaningful prepayment that expedites and expands our capacity corridor for this customer. The customer is seeing particularly good power, performance and area efficiency in their design. This opportunity is very significant and highlights our full system's foundry capabilities and high-performance computing, big die designs, leadership performance and area efficient transistors, advanced packaging and systems expertise. In addition, we are extremely pleased to announce today that we have signed with two additional 18A customers. Both are particularly focused in areas of high-performance compute and benefiting from power performance per unit silicon area. We have also made substantial progress with our next major customer and are expecting to conclude commercial contract negotiations before year-end. Finally, we were also very happy to expand our growing foundry ecosystem by completing our strategic partnership with Synopsys in Q3 to include IP for Intel 3 and Intel 18A for both Intel internal and external foundry customers. With the rise of AI and high-performance computing applications, our advanced packaging business is proving to be yet another unique advantage. We have seen a surge of interest in our advanced packaging from most leading AI chip companies. With capacity corridors quickly available, this is proving to be a significant accelerant and on-ramp for Intel foundry customers. During the quarter, we were awarded two customer AI designs for our advanced packaging and with an additional six customers in active negotiations, we expect several more awards by year-end. We have also established an important business relationship with Tower Semiconductor, utilizing our manufacturing assets in New Mexico, along with Tower investing capital expenditures of roughly $300 million for its use in this facility. This represents an important step in our foundry strategy, improving cash flows by utilizing our manufacturing assets over a significantly longer period of time. Finally, we have submitted all four of our major project proposals in Arizona, New Mexico, Ohio, and Oregon, representing over $100 billion of U.S. manufacturing and research investments to the CHIPS Program Office and are working closely with them as they review these proposals. We look forward to providing a deeper update on our foundry business during our planned IFS industry event in Q1 of 2024. We are on a mission to bring AI everywhere. We see the AI workload as a key driver of the $1 trillion semiconductor TAM by 2030. We are empowering the market to seamlessly integrate and effectively run AI in all their applications. For the developer working with multitrillion parameter frontier models in the cloud, Gaudi and our suite of AI accelerators provides a powerful combination of performance, competitive MLPerf benchmarks and a very cost-efficient TCO. However, as the world moves towards more AI-integrated applications, there's a market shift towards local inferencing. It's a nod to both the necessity of data privacy and an answer to cloud-based inference cost. With AI accelerated Xeon for enterprise, Core Ultra launching the AIPC generation and OpenVINO enabling developers seamless and versatile support for a range of client and edge silicon, we are bringing AI to where the data is being generated and used rather than forcing it into the cloud. Our expansive footprint spanning cloud and enterprise servers to volume clients and ubiquitous edge devices positions us well to enable the AI continuum across all our market segments. The AI continuum enables AI everywhere. DCAI exceeded our forecast this quarter with server revenue up modestly sequentially. We continue to see a strong ramp of our 4th Gen Xeon processor with the world's top 10 CSPs now in general availability and improving strength from MNCs. During the quarter, we shipped our 1 millionth 4th Gen Xeon unit and are on track to surpass 2 million units next month. 4th Gen Xeon includes powerful accelerators, demonstrating best-in-class CPU performance for AI, security and networking workloads. Our AI-enhanced Xeons are primed for model inferencing, enabling seamless infusion of AI into existing workloads. This was visible this quarter with over one-third of 4th Gen Xeon shipments directly related to AI applications. We are the clear leader in AI CPU results as seen in MLCommons benchmarks today, and our road map provides significant further improvements with Granite Rapids expected to deliver an additional 2 times to 3 times AI performance on top of our industry-leading 4th Gen Xeon. We continue to make excellent progress with our Xeon road map. Our 5th Gen Xeon processor code-named Emerald Rapids is in production and ramping to customers and will officially launch on December 14 in New York City. Sierra Forest, our first E-core Xeon is on track for first-half '24 with customers well into their validation process. Sierra Forest will feature up to 288 E-cores targeting next-generation cloud-native workloads, delivering even more price performance and power efficiency for our customers. Granite Rapids, which shortly follows Sierra Forest, is also well into our validation cycle with customers. While the industry has seen some wallet share shifts between CPU and accelerators over the last several quarters, as well as some inventory burn in the server market, we see signs of normalization as we enter Q4 driving modest sequential TAM growth. Across most customers, we expect to exit the year at healthy inventory levels, and we see growth in compute cores returning to more normal historical rates off the depressed 2023. More importantly, our successful road map execution is strengthening our product portfolio with Gen 4 and Gen 5 Xeon, Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids positioning us well to win back share in the data center. In addition, we expect to capture a growing portion of the accelerator market in 2024 with our suite of AI accelerators led by Gaudi, which is setting leadership benchmark results with third parties like MLCommons and Hugging Face. We are pleased with the customer momentum we are seeing from our accelerator portfolio and Gaudi in particular, and we have nearly doubled our pipeline over the last 90 days. As we look to 2024, like many others, we now are focused on having enough supply to meet our growing demand. Dell is partnering with us to deliver Gaudi for cloud and enterprise customers with its next-generation power edge systems featuring Xeon and Gaudi AI accelerators to support AI workloads ranging from large-scale training to inferencing at the edge. Together with Stability.ai, we are building one of the world's largest AI supercomputers entirely on 4th Gen Xeon processors and 4,000 Intel Gaudi2 AI accelerators. Our Gaudi road map remains on track with Gaudi3 out of the fab, now in packaging and expected to launch next year. And in 2025, Falcon Shores brings our GPU and Gaudi capabilities into a single product. Moving to the client. CCG delivered another strong quarter, exceeding expectations for the third consecutive quarter, driven by strength in commercial and consumer gaming SKUs where we are delivering leadership performance. As we expected, customers completed their inventory burn in the first-half of the year, driving solid sequential growth, which we expect will continue into Q4. We expect full-year 2023 PC consumption to be in line with our Q1 expectations of approximately 270 million units. In the near-term, we expect Windows 10 end-of-service to be a tailwind, and we remain positive on the long-term outlook for PC TAM returning to plus or minus 300 million units. Intel continues to be a pioneer in the industry as we ushered in the era of the AIPC in Q3 when we released the Intel Core Ultra processor code-named Meteor Lake. Built on Intel 4, the Intel Core Ultra has been shipping to customers for several weeks and will officially launch on December 14 alongside our 5th Gen Xeon. The Ultra represents the first client chiplet design enabled by Foveros Advanced 3D packaging technology, delivering improved power efficiency and graphics performance. It is also the first Intel client processor to feature our integrated neural processing unit, or NPU, that enables dedicated low-power compute for AI workloads. Next year, we will deliver Arrow Lake as well as Lunar Lake, which offers our next-gen NPU, ultra-low power mobility and breakthrough performance per watt. Panther Lake, our 2025 client offering, heads into the fab in Q1 '24 on Intel 18A. The arrival of the AIPC represents an inflection point in the PC industry, not seen since we first introduced Centrino in 2003. Centrino was so successful because of our time-to-market advantage, our embrace of an open ecosystem, strong OEM partnerships, our performance silicon and our developer scale. Not only are these same advantages in place today, they are even stronger as we enter the age of the AIPC. We are catalyzing this moment with our AIPC acceleration program with over 100 ISVs already participating, providing access to Intel's deep bench of engineering talent for targeted software optimization, core development tools and go-to-market opportunities. We are encouraged and motivated by our partners and competitors who see the tremendous growth potential of the PC market. NEX is also seeing early signs of the benefits from growing AI use cases. Our ethnic and IPU businesses are well suited to support the high I/O bandwidth required by AI workloads in the data center with growth expected to accelerate for both in 2024. Additionally, at the edge, as part of Intel's focus on every aspect of the AI continuum, NEX launched OpenVINO 2023.1, the latest version of the AI inferencing and deployment run time of choice for developers on client and edge platforms, with AI.io and Fit Match demonstrating how they use OpenVINO to accelerate their applications at our innovation conference. We have leadership developer software tool chains that have seen a doubling of developer engagements this year. While NEX entered their inventory correction after client in DCAI, Q3 results beat our internal forecast and grew sequentially. We see continued signs of stabilization heading into Q4. Finally, our Smart Capital strategy underpins our relentless drive for efficiency and our commitment to be great allocators of our owners' capital while consistently looking for innovative ways to unlock value for all our stakeholders. We remain on track to reducing costs by $3 billion in 2023, and we continue to see significant incremental opportunities for operational improvement as we execute on our internal foundry model. In addition, in Q3, we made the decision to divest the pluggable module portion of our silicon photonics business, allowing us to focus on the higher-value component business and optical I/O solutions to enable AI infrastructure scaling. This marks the tenth business we have exited in the last 2.5 years, generating $1.8 billion in annual savings and a testament to our efforts to optimize our portfolio and drive long-term value creation. Mobileye's solid Q3 and Q4 outlook continue to underscore the benefits of increased autonomy afforded by our initial public offering last year. In addition, we added TSMC as a minority investor in our IMS nano fabrication business in Q3. And earlier this month, we announced our plans to operate PSG as a stand-alone business beginning January 1. Similar to Mobileye and IMS, this decision gives PSG the mandate, focus and resources to better capitalize on their growth opportunities. We plan to report PSG results as a stand-alone segment in Q1, to bring in private investors in 2024 and to create a path to an initial public offering over the next two to three years. In summary, we continue to deliver tangible progress 2.5 years into our transformation journey. We are on track with five nodes in four years. We are hitting or beating all our product road map milestones. We are establishing ourselves as a global at-scale systems foundry for both wafer processing and advanced packaging. We are unlocking new growth opportunities fueled by AI. And we are driving financial discipline and operational efficiencies as we continue to unlock value for our shareholders. While we are encouraged by our progress to date, we know we have much more work in front of us as we continue to relentlessly drive forward with our strategy, maintain our execution momentum and deliver our commitments to our customers. I'd like to personally thank the Intel family for all their efforts. With that, let me turn it over to Dave to go through our results in more detail and provide guidance for Q4.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter financially on top of outstanding execution on our product and process road maps as we continue to drive our IDM 2.0 transformation. We beat our guidance across revenue, gross margin and EPS. While we continue to monitor economic indicators and geopolitical risks, we're pleased with the momentum and health of our business, and we'll continue to focus on prioritizing our investments, prudently and aggressively managing near-term expenses and driving fundamental improvements to our cost structure longer term. Third quarter revenue was $14.2 billion, up 9% sequentially and $750 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Revenue exceeded our expectations across all major lines of business. Gross margin was 45.8%, 280 basis points better than our guidance, driven by higher revenue and ASPs and better sell-through of previously reserved inventory. EPS for the quarter was $0.41, beating guidance by $0.21, as our revenue strength, improving gross margins and disciplined OpEx management resulted in sequential EPS growth of $0.28. Q3 operating cash flow was $5.8 billion, up $3 billion sequentially. Net inventory was down $500 million or 7 days in the quarter. We also significantly improved the linearity of our shipments, which brought DSO down by 5 days. In total, our working capital improvement initiatives have yielded more than $2 billion of cash year-to-date. Net CapEx was $4.9 billion, resulting in positive adjusted free cash flow of approximately $950 million, and we paid dividends of $0.5 billion in the quarter. In Q3, we announced the sale of 10% of our IMS nano fabrication business to TSMC, following the investment from Bain Capital in June. When combined with the Mobileye IPO, these transactions have unlocked more than $30 billion of value. Earlier this month, we signaled our intent to pursue private investment and ultimately, an IPO for our PSG business as we continue to pursue opportunities to increase value for our shareholders. Moving to third quarter business unit results. CCG delivered revenue of $7.9 billion, up 16% sequentially and ahead of our expectations for the third consecutive quarter. Customer inventory levels are healthy, and the market remains on track to our January consumption TAM signal of roughly 270 million units for 2023. CCG's operating profit doubled sequentially to $2.1 billion on higher revenue, sell-through of reserved inventory and stronger ASPs driven by strength in our commercial and gaming products in the quarter. DCAI revenue was $3.8 billion, ahead of our internal forecast. Despite continued unit TAM softness, the Xeon business was up sequentially, with MNC customers showing a better than seasonal recovery in the quarter. Favorable customer mix, along with strong adoption of newer products with higher core density, led to record Xeon ASPs in Q3. Despite sequential revenue decline, DCAI returned to profitability and contributed operating profit of $71 million, improving sequentially on better ASPs, reduced factory underload charges and continued spending discipline. Within DCAI, revenue for the Programmable Solutions Group declined mid-teens percent sequentially. As we discussed earlier this month, after a period of strong growth and tight supply, the FPGA business is entering a period of inventory burn. We expect PSG to decline in Q4 and be depressed for the next few quarters as customers work through inventory before returning to a more normalized run rate and growth. NEX revenue was $1.5 billion, up 6% sequentially. Edge markets showed signs of recovery in Q3, leading NEX revenue to exceed our expectations. Network and telco markets continue to work through elevated inventory and weak demand, which we expect to persist through the end of the year. NEX also returned to profitability in Q3 with operating profit of $17 million, up $200 million sequentially on stronger revenue and reduced operating expenses. Intel Foundry Services revenue was $311 million, growing 4 times year-over-year and 34% sequentially on increased packaging revenue and higher sales of IMS tools. IFS operating loss was $86 million as ramping factory and operating expenses offset stronger revenue in the period. Mobileye continues to perform well. Q3 revenue was $530 million, up 18% year-over-year and 17% sequentially, with operating profit of $107 million on a consolidated basis, up 32% sequentially. This morning, Mobileye increased their fiscal year 2023 outlook for adjusted operating income by 7% at the midpoint. Q3 represented another outstanding quarter of cross-company spending discipline and focused portfolio management with operating expenses down 15% year-over-year. While we're on track to achieve $3 billion of total spending reductions in 2023, we expect sequentially higher OpEx in Q4 due to seasonal marketing activities, higher profit-dependent compensation and the end of some temporary austerity measures taken earlier in the year. We also had a onetime credit in Q3 associated with an asset sale, which will impact the sequential comparison in Q4. Now turning to Q4 guidance. We expect fourth quarter revenue of $14.6 billion to $15.6 billion, delivering on our January commitment to grow revenue sequentially throughout 2023. In the client business, we're encouraged by the return of historical purchasing cycles as our channel checks, partner feedback and ASPs all point to healthy inventory levels and growing demand. We expect moderate sequential growth from DCAI, with Xeon's strength more than offsetting a decline in PSG and continued recovery in edge markets roughly offsetting persistent network weakness. At the revenue midpoint of $15.1 billion, we expect gross margin to flow through at approximately 60% of revenue growth, resulting in Q4 gross margin of approximately 46.5% with a tax rate of 13% and EPS of $0.44. We continue to operate under our Smart Capital framework. In Q3, we received a capital grant from the State of Ohio and our first foundry prepay. In addition, we continue to work with the U.S. CHIPS Office on their review of our four U.S. applications. And we continue to work with Germany, Poland and the European Commission on our planned expansions in Europe. There are no changes to our prior forecast of mid-30s percent net capital intensity across 2023 and 2024 in aggregate. Capital offsets will trend towards the higher end of our 20% to 30% range in that time frame, though we do expect the vast majority of those offsets to land in 2024. In closing, Q3 was Intel's strongest quarter since we began our transformation. We achieved significant milestones toward regaining process leadership on Intel 18A, delivered Meteor Lake and Emerald Rapids on time, secured multiple wafer and advanced packaging foundry customers and delivered another quarter of financial results that exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom lines. We will continue to make significant investments as we execute the IDM 2.0 strategy, and we remain confident and committed to our long-term financial targets. We're participating in a large and growing semiconductor TAM. Our foundry and AI assets are showing great momentum in the market. We're steadily closing structural cost gaps, and we continue to make progress toward delivering the financial returns that we and our owners expect. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our call. [Operator Instructions] With that, Jonathan, can we go to our first caller?
Operator: Certainly, one moment for our first question. And our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I just wanted to see if you can clear up some of the confusion on gross margin that sort of came out of the innovation event. You're now coming out of the year at 46.5% but you did roughly 43% for the year. And I think at that event, you said next year is going to be up but probably not a couple of hundred basis points. So did you mean off of the Q4 run rate or do you mean off of the 43% for the year? And can you kind of shape that for us throughout the year?
David Zinsner: Yes. Well, let me just -- if you don't mind, let me step back. I want to talk a little bit about Q3 for a second because Q3, I was really proud of the team's performance in terms of gross margins for Q3 coming in just shy of 46%. It was great execution in terms of spending from the team. They also did work on the underloading, which helped, and we were able to sell through some previously reserved inventory, and so that really helped propel the gross margin. So we had phenomenal fall-through in the third quarter. I'd say fourth quarter, we start to go back to what would be more of our typical fall-through range, somewhat muted by the fact that we are still going through 5 nodes in 4 years. There is spend associated with that, which kind of mutes us. So we're probably a little bit higher normally in terms of fall-through, but with that, it's probably like a 60% fall-through. That's kind of the normal range we think of, and that's what we're guiding for the fourth quarter. Beyond that, we'll save the rest of the commentary for next year when we close out '23. I would just say just on a longer-term basis, Pat has talked a lot about gross margins of 60%. And I feel like we are even more confident around our ability to hit that 60% threshold for a number of reasons. One, the execution that Pat talked about on five nodes in four years. When we get through that, of course, we eliminate the headwind on margins, but it turns around to a tailwind because when you're a process leader, you get better gross margins. Also as product execution improves, that also as we launch the products that are competitive in the marketplace. And we've seen that already in the client space, that helps on the gross margin side. But then more importantly, maybe the thing that's near and dear to my heart is this internal foundry model that we've built, where we're now measuring the manufacturing and TD organization as a separate P&L. We'll officially do that next year and we'll segment report it that way. But we're already this year starting to look at it that way in operations reviews. We're starting to do the planning for next year in that -- with that lens. We're doing the long-term plan in that lens. And all the things that we thought we would see in the dialogue between those functions, we're already starting to see now. We see the product organizations already starting to optimize around test times, around stepping, around how many samples and hot lots they do in the fab. Suddenly, things they didn't spend a lot of time thinking about before, they care a lot about now. And we're already starting to see improvements in the P&L because of that. On the same front, in manufacturing, they're now really, really worried about loadings. They're worried about a P&L. They want to drive the most revenue they can in their P&L, try to drive the cost down as much as possible. So I just think that we will see a lot of opportunities as we progress through '24 and beyond that are really going to make an impact on gross margins and give us a lot of confidence around this 60%.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a quick follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, I do, yes. Pat, can you just talk about the dynamics and maybe the allocation that you're getting from your major foundry partner? They went kind of out of their way to sort of go at the idea that your -- that 18A is going to be comparable to what they'll have in that same time frame. So now that it's becoming a little more apparent that you are making progress, has there been any change in that relationship and the allocation that you're getting from them? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And first, I'd say we're -- come to a different conclusion than what you might have heard from them. We feel that our five nodes in four years, the leadership position that we expect with Intel 18A, this is a remarkable set of work. And as you heard me say in my formal comments, we think of 18A as a work of art. This is the finest transistor, right? And we've invented the last 30-years of transistors. This is the best one that's ever been built, right? And that and PowerVia, we feel very confident that we are on track to the leadership position that we described. And as we've also said, hey, we're well underway on the things after that. And things like high-NA, the next generation of EUV or advanced packaging with glass, all of these are now being backed up and reinforced by their customer commitments. Three 18A customers now making commitments, the prepay customer I spoke about earlier, two additional customers, partners, we announced the ARM relationship in April, and they're now seeing very positive results on power performance area from 18A. And as we think about the relationship with TSMC, hey, this is a great company and one that we partner with, one that we are a competitor to, one that we're a customer of. We collaborate with them. As you saw, they became an investor in the IMS business this quarter as well. And as a customer of those, we're very happy with how they're supporting us and our products as we're raising many of these products forward to there, a critical supplier to us as we're a critical supplier to them. This is one of the most critical relationships in the industry. I spent a lot of time personally on it. We're very confident in our road map. And this is really an exceptional quarter for five nodes in four years and getting back to process leadership. We are well on our way to doing exactly what we said we would.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for asking a question. Pat, I wanted to follow-up on one of the topics you just mentioned about your partnership with ARM. The flip side of that is there's been reports recently of a number of people entering the CPU business for PCs using ARM architectures similar to what we've seen over the last couple of years on the data center side of things. Can you just talk about the competitive landscape of x86 versus ARM? And potentially, more importantly, if in fact, ARM was gaining traction, would you consider using that architecture and kind of broaden your technology internally?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Ross. And overall, I think what you're seeing is the industry is excited around the AIPC. And as I declared this generation of AIPC at our Innovation Conference a couple of months ago, we're seeing that materialize and customers, competitors seeing excitement around that. ARM and Windows client alternatives, generally, they've been relegated to pretty insignificant roles in the PC business. And we take all competition seriously. But I think history as our guide here, we don't see these potentially being all that significant overall. Our momentum is strong. We have a strong road map, Meteor Lake launching this AIPC generation December 14. Arrow Lake, Lunar Lake, we've already demonstrated the next-generation product at Lunar Lake, which has significant improvements in performance and capabilities. We'll be signing Panther Lake, the next generation in the fab in Q1 and Intel 18A. We announced our AI Acceleration program, which already has over 100 ISVs part of it. We'll have -- we expect in the next two years over 100 million x86 million AI-enhanced PCs in the marketplace. This is just an extraordinary amount of volume. The ecosystem benefits that, that brings into the marketplace. When thinking about other alternative architectures like ARM, we also say, wow, what a great opportunity for our foundry business. And given the results I referenced before, we see that as a unique opportunity that we have to participate in the full success of the ARM ecosystem or whatever market segments that may be as an accelerant to our foundry offerings, which are now becoming, we think, very significant around the ARM ecosystem with our foundry packaging and 18A wafer capabilities as well.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a quick follow-up?
Ross Seymore: Yes, I do. One for Dave. The OpEx side of things, you guys did great in the third quarter. You talked about it going up in the fourth quarter, but I still think the full-year is ahead of what you originally had targeted. How do we think about next year's OpEx just conceptually? I know you said you're going to have $3 billion in total cost savings this year, $8 billion to $10 billion longer term. What are the puts and takes on OpEx as we look into 2024?
David Zinsner: Yes. So again, back to the pride thing, I'm really proud of what we did in the third quarter and really what we've been able to execute for the year on that spend reduction. There was a lot of work associated with that. We had to drive a lot of, obviously, efficiency. But more importantly, as Pat talked about, we kind of end of -- or we took 10 programs or product areas and either divested of them or closed them out in an effort to improve our spending. And as we see -- and in addition to that, I would say that we also looked at businesses where we thought we could dramatically unlock value. And we think we've done the three areas that we thought most likely unlock value. So I think from that perspective, we feel we're pretty done with the activities associated with spending. And so that said, we are -- we do think we'll see benefit from our internal foundry model not only on the cost side but also on the OpEx side. And so that's the area that we'll focus over the long-term in terms of managing spending. And ultimately, the goal is to get to 60% gross margins but it's also to get to 40% operating margins. So that does entail driving efficiency in OpEx and we think there's plenty of opportunity. I'd say the same thing on OpEx that I said on gross margins. We'll save the fourth quarter -- or the ‘24 visibility for ‘24 when we close out ‘23.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I think you talked about the Gaudi pipeline doubling in the last 90-days, so I guess you're nearing kind of $2 billion of visibility there. Can you talk to that a little bit, how much of that is training versus inference?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And overall, I'd just say there's a lot -- a surge of interest in this category, Joe. In the Gaudi business for us, we're coming from a small base but it's expanding rapidly. We do see a mix of training opportunities and inferencing opportunities. When we go to the inferencing side of the workload, which we think will be the significant expansion of workload going forward, a few people generate models, a lot of people use them. Sort of like how many people do weather modeling? Not many. How many people use weather models? A lot. And that's how we think about training and inferencing? So the power, the market will be in the inferencing deployments. And that will be both a Gaudi play as well as a Xeon play. And I would point to the example that we spoke about, for instance, with Dell where they really see bringing together both of those to give us a full portfolio of adding inferencing to existing workloads where our AI-enhanced Xeons will be strong as well as creating farms for inference, inference or for training where Gaudi will be more of a play. Now the interest that we've seen in Gaudi is a worldwide statement. So we have demand portfolio that really sort of matches the Intel balance across all geographies. We're also seeing a huge upsurge in the amount of cloud where this provides the fast on-ramp to the Intel AI and all of our advanced silicon offerings. But I'd also say, Joe, that this is an AI everywhere play, as I said in my formal comments, which is also edge and client as well. So we view it as edge, client, on-premise data center as well as a cloud. And this AI continuum is a unique position for Intel that we think gives us a very large opportunity to see this upside of capabilities that the AI workload is going to drive across all elements of computing.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a follow-up?
Joe Moore: Yes, I do. In terms of that Gaudi business, do you anticipate any impact from the China export controls? And more broadly, are there any other impacts from the China export controls on Intel's business?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Joe. And I do think there's a lot of interest in that. On the export controls, as you look at them and read them, they're very much aimed at the high-end training and these accelerator, the high-end accelerators on where they are aimed. Now obviously, some of that was for us as well in China. But we also, as I said, in the first part of your question, we saw a worldwide demand for our activities there. And overall, we're now supply constrained on Gaudi and racing to catch up to that supply worldwide. Of course, we're studying those -- the new BIS released rules carefully. We're working with BIS. We're in the 60-day comment period with BIS so we're actively working with them. We do believe that we'll have plenty of opportunity in China continuing to deploy our products there broadly even as we comply and work with BIS specifically around the regulations that they're putting in place, particularly around high-end accelerators and AI training. So overall, we feel and have included that as part of our overall guidance for the fourth quarter. We feel good about the momentum that we have for AI everywhere, and we'll, of course, be engaging with our customers, the governments and as we build out our road map taking all of that into consideration.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Joe. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, thanks a lot, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Pat, I was wondering if you could unpack your foundry comments. You have the customer that we've known about, where there's prepays. I think you mentioned there's two more customers that you're signing up and another by year-end, and then there's an event in the first quarter. I just wanted to see if you could give us a little more detail and talk about how that's going to flow through and the materiality into the coming years as well.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Happy to unpack that a little bit more. So we announced back at the Deutsche Bank conference that we had our first major prepay customer for that. That effort has continued to go very well since that point in time, and the relationship is expanding with that customer. But we also added two more customers this quarter as well, so now we have 3 committed external customers on Intel 18A. At the beginning of the year, I promised you one. Here we are in the third quarter, we have three, and I hope to finish at least the fourth before the end of the year. Also with 18A, this PDK milestone, and if you're inside of the industry, hitting PDK 0.9 is a really critical milestone. As I said in my formal comments, this is when the invention phase is done. And now we're into the productization phase, ramping yields, refining performance and getting the process capabilities ready for manufacturing. So a critical milestone which we also say now as we release that to external customers, now a lot of them can start looking at 18A, and we start fanning out the engagements that we have in the industry. So a critical milestone on 18A. But the other thing that we saw this quarter, which was a little bit unexpected was this huge surge in interest for AI customers and Intel's advanced packaging technology. And this is the 1 that probably we didn't even quite realize. We always knew that Intel's packaging technology was the best in the industry, but the amount of interest that we've seen. So we completed two additional customers, so three 18A wafer customers, two additional packaging customers, and we have a pipeline that we're in active negotiations with six additional packaging customers as well. And I think about this as the fast on-ramp to the Intel Foundry Services. And a wafer customer's multiple billion dollar customer. A packaging customer is hundreds of millions of dollars. And that billions of dollars takes two to three years to materialize. The wafer customers takes two to three quarters to materialize, right, in the packaging. So this is a much faster way for us to build out that business. And we're going to start to see those packaging customers start to materialize for us in revenue next year. And you add to that the Synopsys partnership, the ARM momentum, the Tower agreement, this was really the flywheel of momentum has now begun for the Intel Foundry Services business. It really is putting points up across the board for that business, and super happy with the amount of energy that we're now seeing across the industry for the foundry business. This was a great quarter for foundry at Intel.
John Pitzer: Ben, do you have a follow-up?
Ben Reitzes: Yes. Going to switch gears to PCs, your comments there. You've talked about inventories normalizing. I just wanted to hear a little bit more detail on your confidence in that. Are you -- do you have confidence that the inventory builds are matching demand? And how do you see that playing out next year? It sounds like you think the TAM will grow back to 300 million, so just wanted some comments on that.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Three quarters in a row, we've seen the client business being very healthy now for us. Our customers' inventory levels are very healthy in that regard. So we see our sell-in being matched by a sellout for those customers. As we said, the 270 million consumption TAM is something we indicated earlier in the year, and now we're seeing that play out exactly. And here we are three weeks into the quarter and I'd say it's looking really good. So our views and forecasts of our client business is very healthy for the fourth quarter. And we do think this idea of ushering in the AIPC generation will be a multiyear cycle. So we do think this will bring excitement into the category even starting with the Meteor Lake or the Core Ultra launch in Q4. We also have some other incremental tailwinds with Copilot launch from Microsoft coming up this quarter. We also have the Win 10 end-of-service support coming up. Those are just incremental tailwinds that just build us more confidence in it. And finally, our road map is great. And Meteor Lake looking good, rapidly ramping what we have coming with Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake and then Panther Lake in the future. So every aspect of this business is demonstrating health, maturity, momentum and great opportunity for tomorrow.
David Zinsner: I'd just add one other thing. When we track the linearity of shipments, linearity was really, really good in the third quarter, and it's off to a really good start for the fourth quarter. And generally, when you see really steady shipment across the entire quarter, that's a good sign that you kind of balanced out the inventory and you're really just kind of shipping in what's shipping out.
John Pitzer: Perfect, thank you, Ben. Johnathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly, one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your question, please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much. This is either for Pat or for Dave. I just wanted to come back to the DCAI. In the PowerPoint, you mentioned competitive pressure but I think, Dave, if I heard you correct, you said ASPs were a record. Could you just explain what you meant by competitive pressure because I would have thought that would have led to ASPs being lower, or was its impact was on the unit side?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, and there's a couple of things to unpack there. Just our views of the quarter, we would have expected that we lost some market share. That was based on competitive losses from last year even that are just rolling through our customers. That said, we did a bit better than we thought we would in the quarter. We are ramping Sapphire Rapids, which has a higher ASP more rapidly than we would have expected also as we go to the higher core count versions, that drives up the per socket ASP more aggressively. So overall, we definitely feel those competitive pressures. And as I say, we're working for issues that began years ago. But we're also combining that with Sapphire Rapids, Emerald Rapids, Gen 5, the road map for Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids which have much higher core counts, which will drive higher ASPs as well. So all of that put together, we do feel like we're on a very solid trajectory for the business overall. We will see ASPs continue to rise. The road map is very healthy as we go forward. And I feel like the market and our customers are starting to feel that competitiveness come back to our business here and looking forward to the benefits that a stronger Intel road map will offer to them and their businesses.
John Pitzer: Ambrish, do you have a follow-up question?
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. I have a follow-up. Intel showing pretty steady execution and I can't say that in the last several years, we haven't seen that. But just coming back to the long-term model that Dave you were talking about, can you just help us understand what are the parameters around that revenue, mix of the business? Because you will have an IFS which would be dilutive to gross margin, potentially not to operating margin. But what's the right way to think about that 60-40 in terms of the business mix and even size of the business?
David Zinsner: Yes. I'd say I think the first thing to kind of improve the gross margins is going to be around getting ourselves finally to process leadership and getting the products completely, as Pat was talking about, the product road map improving significantly, getting to the -- to where we have definitive leadership across all products. I think those two things will drive a significant lift on the gross margins, irrespective of anything else we have on the business front. And then when I look at, as I talked about this internal foundry model, I just think there's so much low-hanging fruit on the cost side, both in the business units and also in the manufacturing TD are kind of internal foundry business, that there's significant improvement that we can make on gross margins. Yes, mix does have an impact on the business, and we have a wide range of products that will have different margins. But almost all of them are punching below their weight right now. And as we improve all of them, that should lift the gross margins meaningfully over time.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Ambrish. Johnathan, can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Certainly, one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question and also congrats on the execution in the quarter. Kind of going back to the prior question, just thinking about the trajectory of the ASP expansion in the Data Center segment. How do I look at that and kind of think about what the normalizing operating profit might look like in DCAI as you guys look out over time? I know that you turned profitable this quarter. I'm just trying to think about -- understand how you guys are thinking about the path of profitability in that segment.
David Zinsner: Yes. Maybe I'll start. Pat, feel free to chime in. Obviously, it was, I think, pretty important for us to show profitability this quarter. That was one of Pat and I's goals written on a sheet of paper that we wanted to see this business return to profitability. That said, it's making a lot of investments right now to improve the product portfolio on the CPU side and make the investments necessary on the AI front. But this business longer term should have margins that are very similar to margins you see from its peers when they are operating at healthy levels of margins. And so we have a lot of work to do to get there but I think the path is pretty clear. And of course, ASP will be a component of that but there's a lot of efficiencies that you can drive beyond just ASPs that will improve the margins longer term.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And as Dave and I think about the 60-40 model that we're driving to long term, we think about the Data Center business being above that for it, where some of the more volume-oriented businesses like client might be a little bit below that. But taken together, that's how we're driving the business. And overall, as we said, we see a lot of margin expansion potential across Data Center, Client, Networking and Foundry as we get back to process leadership and build that business up. I'd also emphasize that as we build our foundry capacity, we build more capacity in our factory network for our internal and external customers. That's a tide that lifts all boats for us because it improves the profitability not just the foundry but the competitiveness and the profitability of our product businesses as well. So overall, we feel like this is a really important milestone for us this quarter, seeing not just great financial results but the operational results were even better than that, which is what led me to say, hey, this was an outstanding quarter for us overall.
John Pitzer: Aaron, do you have a quick follow-up?
Aaron Rakers: Yes, I do, and thanks for the detail there. As a quick follow-up, just kind of thinking about the gross margin line. I'm curious, Dave, I know last quarter, I think it was, I want to say it was $220-or-so million factory underload impact in gross margin. It sounds like you had a reversal of inventory reserve and gross margin this quarter. Are we done with the factory underload or what was that number? And how are you thinking about that embedded in the gross margin guide?
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, it was a meaningful benefit, the underload improvement in the quarter. That said, there was still a reasonable amount of underload charges in the quarter. That does improve a bit in the fourth quarter. But we'll be kind of dealing with this underload hangover, I'd call it, probably all through next year as we kind of progress, largely in part because while we will improve the loadings and probably get beyond underload charges on a quarterly basis, we'll still have all of that underload kind of tied up in the cost of the wafers in inventory, and that still has to get flushed through before we're completely done. So meaningful improvement. I'd say we have -- we're largely out of the woods but still some wood to chop through next year to where we're completely clean in underload.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Aron. Jonathan, I think we have time for one last caller.
Operator: Certainly, one moment for our final question. And our final question for today comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from TD Cowen. Your question please.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon guys. Before I start, I just wanted to say a bit, Pat, Dave and all the Intel folks, we're thinking about all your folks in Israel. And so maybe you'll take this question that I need to ask it, I guess, do reference to that. Unlike a lot of your competitors and peers, you guys actually have operations and fabs in Israel. Maybe you could give us a little bit of an update there of how these are going operationally, just given the atrocities that have gone on, what the size of the wafer output of those fabs are, what nodes they're on? Any kind of detail there would be really helpful.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And hey, as one of the earliest companies in Israel now, almost 50 years that we're in country, I appreciate deeply. These are the Intel team. This is people that I consider friends personally as well. That said, the resilience of the Intel team is remarkable. And despite all of these challenges, we'll say they're not missing a single commitment. They're performing extremely well. We continue to deliver the products that they're working on and continuing to drive the factory operations and our factory expansions that we have there. That said, one of the benefits of Intel's multi-geo supply chain that we uniquely have in the industry is resilient. And Intel 7 is running a factory there in Israel. We also have two other locations that we run Intel 7. We're making sure that we have the resilience of our supply chain for all of those products so that we can be very assured, even as we're highly confident in the capabilities of our Intel Israel team to continue to perform despite the atrocities, we're also confident that we have a resilience in our core business model that gives us flexibility to assure supply and continued operation across the globe regardless of what issue you may have in Asia, Americas, Europe, Middle East, we are well positioned to deliver that for our customers across all of our operations.
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a quick follow-up?
Matt Ramsay: Yes, I do. As my follow-up, one of the things that I keep getting asked about a ton is the CapEx swing that's happened towards gen AI infrastructure. And I guess the way that I've been kind of phrasing the question is the video killed the radio star question, right? Is this the death of CPU growth in the data center? And I don't think it is, to be clear, but there's some out there to do. So Pat, you made some comments in your script and then some other answers about return to normalcy on data center CPU from a growth perspective. Maybe you can give a few day points or antidotes that might support that.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I do think there's clearly been the surge of interest in gen AI, which has, over a couple of quarters, driven a bias on the part of the cloud guys, in particular, to where do they put their floor space? Where do they put their power budgets, right? And that's been driving largely a race for the largest system environments that they can put in place. That said, training of these large models is interesting, but the deployment of those models, the inferencing use of those models is what we believe is truly spectacular for the future. And that will -- some of that will run on the accelerators, but a huge amount of that is going to run, right, on Xeons as we bring AI into those applications or AI-ification of existing applications. And given the leadership performance that we have on our Gen 4 for AI applications, that gets better with Gen 5. And when we deliver Granite Rapids, it gets 2 times to 3 times better, as I said in the comments. It gets even better as we go further out into the road map. So the ability for us to do inferencing at scale on our Xeon product line, we think, is very profound as we go forward. The road map is very healthy. The combination of Gaudi and our Xeons, that is exactly what you heard Dell announce in their road map. And we're just seeing, I'll say, the normalcy of that in the buying behavior. We saw a very good uptick for our OEMs this quarter as they're seeing their Xeon businesses. We're also seeing more ecosystem embrace our DevCloud. Lots of customers coming on it for both AI use cases on Xeon and on Gaudi. Key announcements like we had from Deloitte as they're partnering with us across application optimization as well as AI development on Xeon platform. So overall, we feel pretty comfortable that we're in a cycle that there will be growth in CPUs led by Xeon, as well as accelerators. And Intel is going to be participating in both of those capacities in meaningful ways. And this is part of what we said is AI everywhere. AI at the edge, AI at the client, AI in the data center and AI in the cloud, but inferencing will be the discussion topic for the industry as we go into ‘24. That will be done at scale and much of that is going to be done on Xeons. So with that, let's just thank you for joining us. Again, I want to reiterate our thoughts for our resilient Intel team in Israel and for all of those in the region that are affected by recent events. I also want to thank you for joining us on the call again today and your interest in Intel. We appreciate the opportunity to update you, answer your questions, respond to that. Most important, we are excited by the momentum we're seeing. As I said, the financial results were great. The operational results were truly outstanding this quarter. And it's a confirmation of our foundry strategy, of our five nodes everywhere, of our AI everywhere strategy. And we do hope that you're able to join us for our launch of Emerald Rapids Gen 5, Meteor Lake, Core Ultra in New York in December. And I do also hope to see you all at our Q1 Intel Foundry Day. Thank you. Good afternoon, good night wherever in the world you'd be. Take care and be safe.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program is being recorded. And now I’d like to introduce your host for today’s program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q2 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our investor website, intc.com. For those joining us online, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today’s discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our discussion also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC provide more information on specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations, where appropriate, to our corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong second quarter results exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom line, demonstrating continued financial improvement and confirmation of our strategy in the marketplace. Effective execution across our process and product road maps is rebuilding customer confidence in Intel. Strength in client and data center and our efforts to drive efficiencies and cost savings across the organization all contributed to the upside in the quarter and a return to profitability. We remain committed to delivering on our strategic road map, achieving our long-term goals and maximizing shareholder value. In Q2, we began to see real benefits from our accelerating AI opportunity. We believe we are in a unique position to drive the best possible TCO for our customers at every node on the AI continuum. Our strategy is to democratize AI, scaling it and making it ubiquitous across the full continuum of workloads and usage models. We are championing an open ecosystem with a full suite of silicon and software IP to drive AI from cloud to enterprise, network, edge and client across data prep, training and inference in both discrete and integrated solutions. As we have previously outlined, AI is 1 of our 5 superpowers along with pervasive connectivity, ubiquitous compute, cloud to edge infrastructure and sensing, underpinning a $1 trillion semi industry by 2030. Intel Foundry Services, or IFS, positions us to further capitalize on the AI market opportunity as well as the growing need for a secure, diversified and resilient global supply chain. IFS is a significant accelerant to our IDM 2.0 strategy, and every day of geopolitical tension reinforces the correctness of our strategy. IFS expands our scale, accelerates our ramps at the leading edge and creates long tails at the trailing edge. More importantly for our customers, it provides choice, leading edge capacity outside of Asia and at 18A and beyond, what we believe will deliver leadership performance. We are executing well on our Intel 18A as a key foundry offering and continue to make substantial progress against our strategy. In addition, in July, we announced that Boeing and Northrop Grumman will join the RAMP-C program along with IBM, Microsoft and NVIDIA. The Rapid Assurance Microelectronics Prototypes-Commercial or RAMP-C, is a program created by the U.S. Department of Defense in 2021 to assure domestic access to next-generation semiconductors, specifically by establishing and demonstrating a U.S.-based foundry ecosystem to develop and fabricate chips on Intel 18A. RAMP-C continues to build on recent customer and partner announcements by IFS, including MediaTek, ARM and a leading cloud edge and data center solutions provider. We also made good progress on two significant 18A opportunities this quarter. We are strategically investing in manufacturing capacity to further advance our IDM 2.0 strategy and overarching foundry ambitions while adhering to our Smart Capital strategy. In Q2, we announced an expanded investment to build two leading-edge semiconductor facilities in Germany as well as plans for a new assembling and test facility in Poland. The building out of Silicon Junction in Magdeburg is an important part of our go-forward strategy. And with our investment in Poland and the Ireland sites, we already operate at scale in the region. We are encouraged to see the passage of the EU Chips bill supporting our building out an unrivaled capacity corridor in Europe. In addition, a year after being signed into law, we submitted our first application for U.S. CHIPS funding for the on-track construction of our fab expansion in Arizona, working closely with the U.S. Department of Commerce. It all starts with our process and product road maps, and I am pleased to report that all our programs are on or ahead of schedule. We remain on track to 5 nodes in 4 years and to regain transistor performance and power performance leadership by 2025. Looking specifically at each node, Intel 7 is done and with the second half launch of Meteor Lake, Intel 4, our first EUV node is essentially complete with production ramping. For the remaining 3 nodes, I would highlight Intel 3 met defect density and performance milestones in Q2, released PDK 1.1 and is on track for overall yield and performance targets. We will launch Sierra Forest in first half ‘24 with Granite Rapids following shortly thereafter, our lead vehicles for Intel 3. On Intel 20A, our first node using both RibbonFET and PowerVia, Arrow Lake, a volume client product is currently running its first stepping in the fab. In Q2, we announced that we will be the first to implement backside power delivery in silicon 2-plus years ahead of the industry, enabling power savings, area efficiency and performance gains for increased compute demands ideal for use cases like AI, CPUs and graphics. In addition, backside power improves ease of design, a major benefit not only for our own products but even more so for our foundry customers. On Intel 18A, we continue to run internal and external test chips and remain on track to being manufacturing-ready in the second half of 2024. Just this week, we were pleased to have announced an agreement with Ericsson to partner broadly on their next-generation optimized 5G infrastructure. Reinforcing customer confidence in our road map, Ericsson will be utilizing Intel’s 18A process technology for its future custom 5G SoC offerings. Moving to products. Our client business exceeded expectations and gained share yet again in Q2 as the group executed well, seeing a modest recovery in the consumer and education segments as well as strength in premium segments where we have leadership performance. We have worked closely with our customers to manage client CPU inventory down to healthy levels. As we continue to execute against our strategic initiatives, we see a sustained recovery in the second half of the year as inventory has normalized. Importantly, we see the AI PC as a critical inflection point for the PC market over the coming years that will rival the importance of Centrino and Wi-Fi in the early 2000s. And we believe that Intel is very well positioned to capitalize on the emerging growth opportunity. In addition, we remain positive on the long-term outlook for PCs as household density is stable to increasing across most regions and usage remains above pre-pandemic levels. Building on strong demand for our 13th Gen Intel processor family, Meteor Lake is ramping well in anticipation of a Q3 PRQ and will maintain and extend our performance leadership in share gains over the last 4 quarters. Meteor Lake will be a key inflection point in our client processor road map as the first PC platform built on Intel 4, our first EUV node and the first client chiplet design enabled by Foveros advanced 3D packaging technology, delivering improved power, efficiency and graphics performance. Meteor Lake will also feature a dedicated AI engine, Intel AI Boost. With AI Boost, our integrated neural VPU, enabling dedicated low-power compute for AI workloads, we will bring AI use cases to life through key experience as people will want a need for hybrid work, productivity, sensing, security and creator capabilities, many of which were previewed at Microsoft’s Build 2023 Conference. Finally, while making the decision to end direct investment in our Next Unit of Computing or NUC business, this well-regarded brand will continue to scale effectively with our recently announced ASUS partnership. In the data center, our 4th Gen Xeon Scalable processor is showing strong customer demand despite the mixed overall market environment. I am pleased to say that we are poised to ship our 1 millionth 4th Gen Xeon unit in the coming days. This quarter, we also announced the general availability of 4th Gen Cloud Instances by Google Cloud. We also saw great progress with 4th Gen AI acceleration capabilities, and we now estimate more than 25% of Xeon data center shipments are targeted for AI workloads. Also in Q2, we saw a third-party validation from MLCommons when they published MLPerf training performance benchmark data showing that 4th Gen Xeon and Habana Gaudi2 are two strong open alternatives in the AI market that compete on both performance and price versus the competition. End-to-end AI-infused applications like DeepMind’s AlphaFold and algorithm areas such as Graph Neural Networks show our 4th Gen Xeon outperforming other alternatives, including the best published GPU results. Our strengthening positioning within the AI market was reinforced by our recent announcement of our collaboration with Boston Consulting Group to deliver enterprise-grade, secure and responsible generative AI, leveraging our Gaudi and 4th Gen Xeon offerings to unlock business value while maintaining high levels of security and data privacy. Our data center CPU road map continues to get stronger and remains on or incrementally ahead of schedule with Emerald Rapids, our 5th Gen Xeon Scalable set to launch in Q4 of ‘23. Sierra Forest, our lead vehicle for Intel 3 will launch in the first half of ‘24. Granite Rapids will follow shortly thereafter. For both Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids, volume validation with customers is progressing ahead of schedule. Multiple Sierra Forest customers have powered on their boards and silicon is hitting all power and performance targets. Clearwater Forest, the follow-on to Sierra Forest, will come to market in 2025 and be manufactured on Intel 18A. While we performed ahead of expectations, the Q2 consumption TAM for servers remained soft on persistent weakness across all segments but particularly in the enterprise and rest of world where the recovery is taking longer than expected across the entire industry. We see the server CPU inventory digestion persisting in the second half, additionally, impacted by the near-term wallet share focus on AI accelerators rather than general purpose compute in the cloud. We expect Q3 server CPUs to modestly decline sequentially before recovering in Q4. Longer term, we see AI as TAM expansive to server CPUs and more importantly, we see our accelerated product portfolio is well positioned to gain share in 2024 and beyond. The surging demand for AI products and services is expanding the pipeline of business engagements for our accelerator products, which includes our Gaudi Flex and Max product lines. Our pipeline of opportunities through 2024 is rapidly increasing and is now over $1 billion and continuing to expand with Gaudi driving the lion’s share. The value of our AI products is demonstrated by the public instances of Gaudi at AWS and the new commitments to our Gaudi product line from leading AI companies such as Hugging Face and Stability AI in addition to emerging AI leaders, including Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, Pravartak [ph] and Genesis Cloud. In addition to building near-term momentum with our family of accelerators, we continue to make key advancements in next-generation technologies, which present significant opportunities for Intel. In Q2, we shipped our test chip, Tunnel Falls, a 12-cubit silicon-based quantum chip which uniquely leverages decades of transistor design and manufacturing investments and expertise. Tunnel Falls fabrication achieved 95% yield rate with voltage uniformity similar to chips manufactured under the more usual CMOS process, with a single 300-millimeter wafer providing 24,000 quantum dot test chips. We strongly believe our silicon approach is the only path to true cost-effective commercialization of quantum computing, a silicon-based cubit approach is 1 million times smaller than alternative approaches. Turning to PSG, NEX and Mobileye, demand trends are relatively stronger across our broad-based markets like industrial, auto and infrastructure. Although as anticipated, NEX did see a Q2 inventory correction, which we expect to continue into Q3. In contrast, PSG, IFS and Mobileye continue on a solid growth trajectory, and we see the collection of these businesses in total growing year-on-year in calendar year ‘23, much better than third-party expectations for a mid-single-digit decline in the semiconductor market, excluding memory. Looking specifically at our Programmable Solutions Group, we delivered record results for a third consecutive quarter. In Q2, we announced the Intel Agilex 7 with the R-Tile chiplet is shipping production qualified devices in volume to help customers accelerate workloads with seamless integration and the highest bandwidth processor interfaces. We have now PRQed 11 of the 15 new products we expected to bring to market in calendar year ‘23. For NEX, during Q2, Intel, Ericsson and HPE successfully demonstrated the industry’s first vRAN solution running on the 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor with Intel vRAN Boost. In addition, we will enhance the collaboration we announced at Mobile World Congress to accelerate industry-scale open RAN, utilizing standard Intel Xeon-based platforms as telcos transform to a foundation of programmable, software-defined infrastructure. Mobileye continued to generate strong profitability in Q2 and demonstrated impressive traction with their advanced product portfolio by announcing a supervision eyes-on hands-off design win with Porsche and the mobility-as-a-service collaboration with Volkswagen Group that will soon begin testing in Austin, Texas. We continue to drive technical and commercial engagement with them, co-developing leading FMCW, LiDAR products based on Intel silicon photonics technology and partnering to drive the software-defined automobile vision that integrates Mobileye’s ADAS technology with Intel’s Cockpit offerings. Additionally, in the second quarter, we executed the secondary offering that generated meaningful proceeds as we continue to optimize our value creation efforts. In addition to executing on our process and product road maps during the quarter, we remain on track to achieve our goal of reducing costs by $3 billion in 2023 and $8 billion to $10 billion exiting 2025. As mentioned during our internal foundry webinar, our new operating model establishes a separate P&L for our manufacturing group, inclusive of IFS and TD, which enables us to facilitate and accelerate our efforts to drive best-in-class cost structure, derisk our technology for external foundry customers and fundamentally changes incentives to drive incremental efficiencies. We have already identified numerous gains in efficiency, including factory loading, test and sort time reduction, packaging cost improvements, litho field utilization improvements, reductions in staffing, expedites and many more. It is important to underscore the inherent sustained value creation due to the tight connection between our business units and TD, manufacturing and IFS. Finally, as we continue to optimize our portfolio, we agreed to sell a minority stake in our IMS Nanofabrication business to Bain Capital who brings a long history of partnering with companies to drive growth and value creation. IMS has created a significant market position with multi-beam mask writing tools that are critical to the semiconductor ecosystem for enabling EUV technology and is already providing benefit on our 5 nodes, 4 years efforts. Further, this capability becomes even more critical with the adoption of high NA EUV in the second half of the decade. As we continue to keep Moore’s Law alive and very well, IMS is a hidden gem within Intel, and the business’s growth will be exposed and accelerated through this transaction. While we still have work to do, we continue to advance our IDM 2.0 strategy. 5 nodes in 4 years remains well on track, our product execution and road map is progressing well. We continue to build out our foundry business, and we are seeing early signs of success as we work to truly democratize AI from cloud to enterprise, network, edge and client. We also saw strong momentum on our financial discipline and cost savings as we return to profitability, are executing our internal foundry model by 2024, and are leveraging our Smart Capital strategy to effectively and efficiently position us for the future. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We drove stronger than expected business results in the second quarter, comfortably beating guidance on both the top and bottom line. While we expect continued improvement to global macroeconomic conditions, the pace of recovery remains moderate. We will continue to focus on what we can control, prioritizing investments critical to our IDM 2.0 transformation, prudently and aggressively managing expenses near term, and driving fundamental improvements to our cost structure longer term. Second quarter revenue was $12.9 billion, more than $900 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Revenue exceeded our expectations in CCG, DCAI, IFS and Mobileye, partially offset by continued demand softness and elevated inventory levels in the network and edge markets, which impacted NEX results. Gross margin was 39.8%, 230 basis points better than guidance on stronger revenue. EPS for the quarter was $0.13, beating guidance by $0.17 as our revenue strength, better gross margin and disciplined OpEx management resulted in a return to profitability. Q2 operating cash flow was $2.8 billion, up $4.6 billion sequentially. Net inventory was reduced by $1 billion or 18 days in the quarter, and accounts receivable declined by $850 million or 7 days as we continue to focus on disciplined cash management. Net CapEx was $5.5 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $2.7 billion, and we paid dividends of $0.5 billion in the quarter. Our actions in the last few weeks, the completed secondary offering of Mobileye shares, and the upcoming investment in our IMS Nanofabrication business by Bain Capital will generate more than $2.4 billion of cash and help to unlock roughly $35 billion of shareholder value. These actions further bolster our strong balance sheet and investment-grade profile with cash and short-term investments of more than $24 billion exiting Q2. We’ll continue to focus on avenues to generate shareholder value from our broad portfolio of assets in support of our IDM 2.0 strategy. Moving to second quarter business unit results. CCG delivered revenue of $6.8 billion, up 18% sequentially and ahead of our expectations for the quarter as the pace of customer inventory burn slowed. As anticipated, we see the market moving toward equilibrium and expect shipments to more closely align to consumption in the second half. ASPs declined modestly in the quarter due to higher education shipments and sell-through of older inventory. CCG showed outstanding execution in Q2, generating operating profit of $1 billion, an improvement of more than $500 million sequentially on higher revenue, improved unit costs and reduced operating expenses, offsetting the impact of pre-PRQ inventory reserves in preparation for the second half launch of Meteor Lake. DCAI revenue was $4 billion, ahead of expectations and up 8% sequentially, with the Xeon business up double digits sequentially. Data center CPU TAM contracted meaningfully in the first half of ‘23. And while we expect the magnitude of year-over-year declines to diminish in the second half, a slower-than-anticipated TAM recovery in China and across enterprise markets has delayed a return of CPU TAM growth. CPU market share remained relatively stable in Q2 and the continued ramp of Sapphire Rapids contributed to CPU ASP improvement of 3% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. DCAI had an operating loss of $161 million, improving sequentially on higher revenue and ASPs and reduced operating expenses. Within DCAI, our FPGA products delivered a third consecutive quarter of record revenue, up 35% year-over-year, along with another record quarterly operating margin. We expect this business to return to more natural demand profile in the second half of the year as we work down customer backlog to normalized levels. NEX revenue was $1.4 billion, below our expectations in the quarter and down significantly in comparison to a record Q2 ‘22. Network and edge markets are slowly working through elevated inventory levels. Elongated by sluggish China recovery, and telcos have delayed infrastructure investments due to macro uncertainty. We see demand remaining weak through at least the third quarter. Q2 NEX operating loss of $187 million improved sequentially on lower inventory reserves and reduced operating expenses. Mobileye continued to perform well in Q2. Revenue was $454 million, roughly flat sequentially and year-over-year with operating profit improving sequentially to $129 million. This morning, Mobileye increased fiscal year 2023 outlook for adjusted operating income by 9% at the midpoint. Intel Foundry Services revenue was $232 million, up 4x year-over-year and nearly doubling sequentially on increased packaging revenue and higher sales of IMS Nanofabrication tools. Operating loss was $143 million with higher factory start-up costs offsetting stronger revenue. Q2 was another strong quarter of cross-company spending discipline with operating expenses down 14% year-over-year. We’re on track to achieve $3 billion of spending reductions in ‘23. With the decision to stop direct investment in our client NUC business earlier this month, we have now exited 9 lines of business since Pat rejoined the Company with a combined annual savings of more than $1.7 billion. Through focused investment prioritization and austerity measures in the first half of the year, some of which are temporary in nature, OpEx is tracking a couple of hundred million dollars better than our $19.6 billion ‘23 committed goal. Now turning to Q3 guidance. We expect third quarter revenue of $12.9 billion to $13.9 billion. At the midpoint of $13.4 billion, we expect client CPU shipments to more closely match sell-through. Data center, network and edge markets continue to face mixed macro signals and elevated inventory levels in the third quarter, while IFS and Mobileye are well positioned to generate strong sequential and year-over-year growth. We’re forecasting gross margin of 43%, a tax rate of 13% and EPS of $0.20 at the midpoint of revenue guidance. We expect sequential margin improvement on higher sales and lower pre-PRQ inventory reserves. While we’re starting to see some improvement in factory under load charges, most of the benefit will take some time to run through inventory and positively impact cost of sales. Investment in manufacturing capacity continues to be guided by our Smart Capital framework, creating flexibility through proactive investment in shells and aligning equipment purchases to customer demand. In the last few weeks, we have closed agreements with governments in Poland and Germany, which include significant capital incentives, and we’re well positioned to meet the requirements of funding laid out by the U.S. CHIPS Act. Looking at capital requirements and offsets made possible by our Smart Capital strategy, we expect net capital intensity in the mid-30s as a percentage of revenue across ‘23 and ‘24 in aggregate. While our expectations for gross CapEx have not changed, the timing of some capital assets is uncertain and could land in either ‘23 or ‘24, depending on a number of factors. Having said that, we’re confident in the level of capital offsets we will receive over the next 18 months and expect offsets to track to the high end of our previous range of 20% to 30%. Our financial results in Q2 reflect improved execution and improving macro conditions. Despite a slower-than-expected recovery in key consumption markets like China and the enterprise, we maintain our forecast of sequential revenue growth throughout the year. Accelerating AI use cases will drive increased demand for compute across the AI continuum, and Intel is well positioned to capitalize on the opportunity in each of our business units. We remain focused on the execution of our near- and long-term product, process and financial commitments and the prioritization of our owner’s capital to generate free cash flow and create value for our stakeholders. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now transition to the Q&A portion of our earnings presentation. As a reminder, we would ask each of you to ask one question with a brief follow-up question where appropriate. With that, Jonathan, can we have the first caller please?
Operator: Certainly. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Congrats on the strong results. I wanted to focus, Pat, on the data center, the DCAI side of things. Strong upside in the quarter but it sounds like there’s still some mix trends going forward. So, I guess a two-part question. Can you talk about what drove the upside and where the concern is going forward? And part of that concern, that crowding out potential that you just discussed with, accelerators versus CPUs, how is that playing out and when do you expect it to end?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Ross, and thanks for the congrats on the quarter as well. I’m super proud of my team for the great execution this quarter, top, bottom line, beats, raise, just great execution across every aspect of the business, both financially as well as road map execution. With regard to the data center, obviously, the good execution, I’ll just say we executed well, winning designs, fighting hard in the market, regaining our momentum, good execution. As you said, we’ll see the Sapphire Rapids at the 1 millionth unit in the next couple of days, our Xeon Gen 4. So overall, it’s feeling good. Road map’s in very good shape, so we’re feeling very good about the future outlook of the business as well. As we look to 5th Gen E-core, P-core with Sapphire and Granite Rapids, so all of those, I’ll just say we’re performing well. That said, we do think that the next quarter, at least, will show some softness. There’s some inventory burn that we’re still working through. We do see that big cloud customers, in particular, have put a lot of energy into building out their high-end AI training environments. And that is putting more of their budgets focused or prioritized into the AI portion of their build-out. That said, we do think this is a near term, right, surge that we expect will balance over time. We see AI as a workload, not as a market, right, which will affect every aspect of the business, whether it’s client, whether it’s edge, whether it’s standard data center, on-premise enterprise or cloud. We’re also seeing that Gen 4 Xeon, and we’ll be enhancing that in the future road map has significant AI capabilities. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, we expect about 25% today and growing of our Gen 4 is being driven by AI use cases. And obviously, we’re going to be participating more in the accelerator portion of the market with our Gaudi, Flex and MAX product lines. Particularly, Gaudi is gaining a lot of momentum. In my formal remarks, we said we now have over $1 billion of pipeline, 6x in the last quarter. So, we’re going to participate in the accelerator portion of it. We’re seeing real opportunity for the CPU as that workload balances over time between CPU and accelerator. And obviously, we have a strong position to democratize AI across our entire portfolio of products.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a quick follow-up?
Ross Seymore: I do. I just want to pivot to Dave on a question on the gross margin side. Nice beat in the quarter and the sequential increase for the third quarter as well. Beyond the revenue increase side, which I know is important, can you just walk us through some of the pluses and minuses sequentially into the third quarter and even into the back half, some of the pre-PRQ reversals under utilization? Any of those kind of idiosyncratic blocks that we should be aware of as we think about the gross margin in the second half of the year?
David Zinsner: Yes. Good question, Ross. So in the second quarter, just to repeat what I said in the prepared remarks, that was largely a function of revenue. We had obviously beat revenue significantly and we got a good fall-through, given the fixed cost nature of our business. And so that really was what helped us really outperform significantly on the gross margin side in the second quarter. In the third quarter, we do, obviously, at the midpoint, see revenue growth sequentially. And so that will be helpful in terms of gross margin improvement. We expect, again, pretty good fall-through as we get that incremental revenue. We’re also going to see underloadings come down, I would say, modestly come down for two reasons: one, we get that period charge for some of our underloading, but some of our underloading is actually just a function of the cost of the inventory. And so that takes some time to flow through. So, it will be more -- it will be a modest decline but nevertheless helpful on the gross margin front. And then as you point out, we will have pre-PRQ reserves in the third quarter but they’re meaningfully down from the second quarter. Meteor Lake will not be a pre-PRQ reserve in the third quarter because we expect to launch that this quarter. But we have Emerald Rapids, that will certainly have some impact and then some of the other SKUs will also impact it. So, coming down but not to zero. So we have an opportunity actually to perform better in the fourth quarter, obviously dependent on the revenue and so forth, given that pre-PRQ reserves are likely to come off again in the fourth quarter. We should improve on the loading front in the fourth quarter as well. So, there’s some, I think, some good tailwinds on the gross margin front. I’ll just take an opportunity to talk longer term. We will continue to be weighed down for some quarters on underload because of the nature of just having it cycle through inventory and then come out through cost of sales. So for multiple quarters, we’ll have some underloading charges that we’ll see. And then as we talked about for -- since really, Pat joined and we kind of launched into the 5 nodes in 4 years, we’re going to have a significant amount of startup costs that will hit gross margins that will affect us for a couple of years. But we’re really optimistic about where gross margins are going over the long term. Ultimately, we will get back to process parity and leadership and that will enable us to not have these start-up costs be a headwind. And of course, as you bring out products at a high performance in terms of process and in terms of product, that shows up in terms of our margins. And then, as Pat mentioned, he went through a laundry list in the prepared remarks of areas of benefit that the internal foundry model will give us. We expect a pretty meaningful amount of that to come out in -- by the time we hit 2026. But we won’t be done there. I mean, I think there will be multiple opportunities over the course of multiple years to improve the gross margin. So, Pat has talked about a pretty significant improvement in gross margins over time. And I think what we’re seeing today is the beginnings of seeing that improvement show up in the P&L.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Dave, I think you said in your prepared remarks that data center pricing was up 17% year-on-year and that Sapphire Rapids was a factor there. Can you just talk to that? And kind of obviously, Sapphire Rapids is going to get bigger. Can you talk about what you expect to see with platform cost in DCAI?
David Zinsner: Platform costs, okay. Well, first of all, ASP is obviously improving as we increase core count and as we get more competitive on the product offerings, that enables us to have more confidence in the market in terms of our pricing. So that’s certainly helpful. Obviously, with the increase in core count, that affects the cost as well. So, cost obviously goes up. But the longer -- the larger drivers of our cost structure will be around what we do in terms of the internal foundry model as we get up in terms of scale and get away from these underloading charges, and as we get past the start-up costs on 5 nodes in 4 years, which data center is certainly getting hit with. And so those things, I think, longer term will be the biggest drivers of gross margin improvement. And as we get -- launch Sierra Forest in the first half of next year and Granite later thereafter and start to produce products on the data center side that are really competitive, that enables us to even be stronger in terms of our margin outlook and should help improve the overall P&L of data center.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
Joe Moore: Sure. Just also on servers, as you look to Q3, I think you talked about some of the cautious trends there. Can you talk to enterprise versus cloud? Is it different between the two? And also, do you see -- are you seeing anything different in China for data center versus what you’re seeing in North America?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And as we said, Joe, -- thanks for the question. As we said in the prepared remarks, we do expect to be seeing the TAM down in Q3, somewhat driven by all of it. It’s a little bit of data center digestion for the cloud guys, a bit of enterprise, so weakness, and some of that is more inventory. And the China market, I think, has been well reported, hasn’t come back as strongly as people would have expected overall. And then the last factor was one of the first question from Ross around the pressure from accelerator spend being stronger. So, I think those four somewhat together, right, are leading to a bit of weakness, at least through Q3. That said, our overall position is strengthening and we’re seeing our products improve, right? We’re seeing the benefits of the AI capabilities and our Gen 4 and beyond products improving. We’re also starting to see some of the use cases like Graph Neural Networks, Google’s AlphaFold showing best results on CPUs as well, which is increasingly gaining momentum in the industry as people look for different aspects of data preparation, data processing, different innovations in AI. So all of that taken together, we feel optimistic about the long-term opportunities that we have in data center, and of course, the strengthening accelerator road map of Gaudi2, Gaudi3, Falcon Shores being now well executed. Also, our first wafers are in hand for Gaudi3. So, we see a lot of long-term optimism even as near term, we’re working through some of the challenging environments of the market not being as strong as we would have hoped.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: I guess, first question, in your prepared remarks, you talked about AI being a TAM expander for servers. And I guess, I was hoping you could elaborate on that, given the productivity gains through acceleration, would love to hear why you think that will grow units, and particularly, if you could bifurcate your commentary across both training and inference.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And thanks, C.J. And generally, there are great analogies here that from history we point to. Cases like virtualization was going to destroy the CPU TAM and then ended up driving new workloads, right? If you think about a DGX platform, the leading edge AI platform, it includes CPUs, right? Why? Head nodes, data processing, data prep, dominate certain portions of the workload. We also see, as we said, AI as a workload where you might spend 10 megawatts and months training a model but then you’re going to use it very broadly for inferencing. We do see with Meteor Lake ushering in the AI PC generation, where you have tens of watts being responding in a second or two. And then, AI is going to be in every hearing aid in the future, including mine, where it’s 10 microwatts and instantaneous. So, we do see as AI drives workloads across the full spectrum of applications. And for that, we’re going to build AI into every product that we build, whether it’s a client, whether it’s an edge platform for retail and manufacturing and industrial use cases, whether it’s an enterprise data center where they’re not going to stand up a dedicated 10-megawatt farm, but they’re not going to move their private data off-premises, right, and use foundational models that are available in open source as well as in the big cloud and training environments as well. We firmly believe this idea of democratizing AI, opening the software stack, creating and participating with this broad industry ecosystem that’s emerging. It was a great opportunity and one that Intel is well positioned to participate in. We’ve seen that the AI TAM, right, is part of the semiconductor TAM. We’ve always described this trillion-dollar semiconductor opportunity and AI being one of those superpowers, as I call it, of driving it. But it’s not the only one and one that we’re going to participate in broadly across our portfolio.
John Pitzer: C.J., do you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse: Yes, please. You talked a little bit about 18A and backside power. Would love to hear what you’re seeing today in terms of both, scaling and power benefits and how your potential foundry customers are looking at that technology in particular.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And we continue to make good progress on our 5 nodes in 4 years. And with that, that culminates in 18A. And 18A is proceeding well and we got a particularly good response this quarter to PowerVia, the backside power that we believe is a couple of years ahead as the industry measures it against any other alternative in the industry. We’re very affirmed by the Ericsson announcement, which is reinforcing the strong belief they have in 18A. But over and above that, I mentioned in the prepared remarks the two major significant opportunities that we made very good progress on as a big 18A foundry customers this quarter and an overall growing pipeline of potential foundry customers, test chips and process as well. So we feel 5 nodes in 4 years is on track. 18A is the culmination of that and good interest from the industry across the board. I’d also say that as part of the overall strength in the foundry business as well and maybe tying the first part and the second part of your question together is that our packaging technologies are particularly interesting in the marketplace, an area that Intel never stumbled, right? This is an area of sustained leadership that we’ve had. And today, many of the big AI machines are packaging limited. And because of that, we’re finding a lot of interest for our advanced packaging, and this is an area of immediate strength for the foundry business. We set up a specific packaging business unit within our foundry business and finding a lot of great opportunities for us to pursue there as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: First, Dave, I had one for you. If I look at the third-party contributions, they were down a little bit, which was a little bit of a surprise. But you did say that the Arizona fab is on track. Can you sort of talk about that? And I know last quarter, you said gross CapEx would be first half weighted and the offsets would be back half weighted. Is that still the case?
David Zinsner: Yes. So we did manage CapEx a bit better than I was hoping. We thought it would be more front-end loaded. It’s looking -- look it’s going to be a lot more evenly distributed first half versus the second half. And we managed CapEx in particular this quarter really well, which I think obviously helped on the free cash flow side. It’s kind of a when you manage the CapEx, you get less offsets. And so that kind of drove the lower capital offsets for the quarter. But for the year, we’re still on track to get the same amount of capital offsets through SCIP that we had anticipated. And that’s really where most of the capital offsets have come so far. Now obviously, as we get into CHIPS incentives that should be coming here in the not-too-distant future, that will add to the offsets that we get. We go into next year, we start getting the investment tax credit that will help on the capital offsets. So, there’ll be more things that come in the future. But right now, it’s largely SCIP and it’s SCIP1, and that’s a function of where the spending lands quarter-to-quarter.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And just maybe to pile on to that a bit, obviously, getting EU Chips Act approved, we’re excited about that for the Germany and Poland projects, which are -- will go for formal DG comp approval. We’re also very happy, we submitted our first proposal, the on-track Arizona facility, but we’ll have 3 more proposals going in for U.S. CHIPS Act this quarter. And so we’re now at pace for those. So everything there is feeling exactly as we said it would and super happy with the great engagement, both in Europe as well as with the U.S. Department of Commerce as we’re working on those application processes.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow-up question?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yes, Pat. So, you talked about an accelerated pipeline of more than $1 billion. And I think Sandra has been recently implying that you could do over $1 billion in Gaudi next year. So, the question is, is that the commitment? And then also at the Data Center Day, you had talked about merging the GPU and the Gaudi road maps into Falcon Shores but that’s not going to come out until 2025. So, the question really there is wondering where that leaves customers in terms of their commitment to your road map, given those changes.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And let me take that and Dave can add. Overall, as we said, the accelerator pipeline is now well over $1 billion and growing rapidly, about 6x this past quarter. That’s led by but not exclusively Gaudi but also includes the Max and Flex product lines as well. But the lion’s share of that is Gaudi. Gaudi2 is shipping volume product today. Gaudi3 will be the volume product for next year and then Falcon Shores in ‘25, and we’re already working on Falcon Shores 2 for ‘26. So, we have a simplified road map as we bring together our GPU and our accelerators into a single offering. But the progress that we’re making with Gaudi2, it becomes more generalized with Gaudi3, the software stack, our One API approach that we’re taking will give customers confidence that they have forward compatibility into Gaudi3 and Falcon Shores. And we’ll just be broadening the flexibility of that software stack. We’re adding FP8. We just added PyTorch 2 support. So every step along the way, it gets better and broader use cases. More language models are being supported. More programmability is being supported in the software stack. And we’re building that full, right, solution set as we deliver on the best of GPU and the best of matrix acceleration in the Falcon Shores time line. But every step along the way, it just gets better. Every software release gets better. Every hardware release gets better along the way to cover more of the overall accelerator marketplace. And as I said, we now have Gaudi3 wafers. First ones are in hand, so that program is looking very good. And with this rapidly accelerating pipeline of opportunity, we expect that we’ll be giving you very positive updates there in the future with both customers as well as expanded business opportunities.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Pat, you caught my attention with your comment about PCs next year or with AI having a Centrino moment. Do you mind just talking about that? And what -- when Centrino took place, it was very clear we unplugged from the wires and investors really grasped that. What is the aha moment with AI that’s going to accelerate the client business and benefit Intel?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I think the real question is what applications are going to become AI-enabled? And today, you’re starting to see that people are going to the cloud and goofing around with ChatGPT, writing a research paper and that’s like super cool, right? And kids are, of course, simplifying their homework assignments that way. But you’re not going to do that for every client becoming AI-enabled. It must be done on the client for that to occur, right? You can’t go to the cloud. You can’t round trip to the cloud. All of the new effects, real-time language translation in your Zoom calls, real-time transcription, automation, inferencing, relevance portraying, generated content and gaming environments, real-time creator environments being done through Adobes and others that are doing those as part of the client, new productivity tools being able to do local legal brief generations on clients, one after the other, right, across every aspect of consumer, of developer and enterprise efficiency use cases. We see that there’s going to be a raft of AI enablement and those will be client-centered. Those will also be at the edge. You can’t round trip to the cloud. You don’t have the latency, the bandwidth or the cost structure to round trip, let’s say, inferencing in a local convenience store to the cloud. It will all happen at the edge and at the client. So with that in mind, we do see this idea of bringing AI directly into the client immediately, right, which we’re bringing to the market in the second half of the year, is the first major client product that includes native AI capabilities, the neural engine that we’ve talked about. And this will be a volume delivery that we will have. And we expect that Intel is the volume leader for the client footprint, is the one that’s going to truly democratize AI at the client and at the edge. And we do believe that this will become a driver of the TAM because people will say, "Oh, I want those new use cases. They make me more efficient and more capable, just like Centrino made me more efficient because I didn’t have to plug into the wire, right? Now, I don’t have to go to the cloud to get these use cases. I’m going to have them locally on my PC in real time and cost effective. We see this as a true AI PC moment that begins with Meteor Lake in the fall of this year.
John Pitzer: Ben, do you have a follow-up question, please?
Ben Reitzes: Yes. I wanted to double click on your sequential guidance in the client business. There’s some concerns out there with investors that there was some demand pull-in, in the second quarter, given some comments from some others. And just wanted to talk about your confidence for sequential growth in that business based on what you’re seeing and if there was any more color there.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Let me start on that and Dave can jump in. The biggest change quarter-on-quarter that we see is that we’re now at healthy inventory levels. And we worked through inventory Q4, Q1 and some in Q2. We now see the OEMs and the channel at healthy inventory levels. We continue to see solid demand signals for the client business from our OEMs and even some of the end-of-quarter and early quarter sell through are clear indicators of good strength in that business. And obviously, we combine that with gaining share again in Q2. So, we come into the second half of the year with good momentum and a very strong product line. So, we feel quite good about the client business outlook.
David Zinsner: I’d just add, normally over the last few quarters, you’ve seen us identify in the 10-Q strategic sales that we’ve made where we’ve negotiated kind of attractive deals which have accelerated demand, let’s call it. When you look at our 10-Q, which will either be filed late tonight or early tomorrow, you’ll see that we don’t have a number in there for this quarter, which is an indication of how little we did in terms of strategic purchases. So to your question of did we pull in demand, I think that’ll probably give you a pretty good assessment of that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Raymond James.
Srini Pajjuri: Pat, I have a question on AI as it relates to custom silicon. It’s great to see that you announced a customer for 18A on custom silicon. But there’s a huge demand, it seems like, for custom silicon on the AI front. I think some of your hyperscale customers are already successfully using custom silicon for -- as an AI accelerator. So, I’m just curious what your strategy for that market is. Is that a focus area for you? If so, do you have any engagements with customers right now?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Srini. And the simple answer is yes, and I have multiple ways to play in this market. Obviously, one of those is foundry customers. We have a good pipeline of foundry customers for 18A, foundry opportunities. And several of those opportunities that we’re investigating are exactly what you described, people looking to do their own unique versions of their AI accelerator components, and we’re engaging with a number of those. But some of those are going to be variations of Intel standard products. And this is where the IDM 2.0 strength really comes to play where they could be using some of our silicon, combining it with some of their silicon designs. And given our advanced packaging strength, that gives us another way to be participating in those areas. And of course, that reinforces some of the near-term opportunities will just be packaging, right, where they already have designed with one of the other foundry, but we’re going to be able to augment their capacity opportunities with immediately being able to engage with packaging opportunities and we’re seeing pipeline of those opportunities. So overall, we agree that this is clearly going to be a market. We also see that some of the ones that you’ve seen most in the press are about particularly high-end training environments. But as we said, we see AI being infused in everything. And there’s going to be AI chips for the edge, AI chips for the communications infrastructure, AI chips for sensing devices, for automotive devices, and we see opportunities for us, both as a product provider and as a foundry and technology provider across that spectrum, and that’s part of the unique positioning that IDM 2.0 gives us for the future.
John Pitzer: Srini, do you have a follow-up question?
Srini Pajjuri: Yes, it’s for Dave. Dave, it’s good to see the progress on the working capital front. I think previously, you said your expectation is that free cash flow would turn positive sometime in second half. Just curious if that’s still the expectation. And also, on the gross margin front, is there any, I guess, PRQ charges that we should be aware of as we go into fourth quarter?
David Zinsner: Okay. So, let me just take a moment just to give the team credit on the second quarter in terms of working capital because we brought inventory down by $1 billion. Our days sales outstanding on the AR front is down to 24 days, which is exceptional. So, a lot of what you saw in terms of the improving free cash flow from Q1 to Q2 was working capital. So, I think the team has done an outstanding job just really focusing on all the elements that drive free cash flow. Our expectation is still by the end of the year to get to breakeven free cash flow. There’s no reason why we shouldn’t achieve that. Obviously, the net CapEx might be a little different this year than we thought coming into the year. But as we talked about, there’s just a focus on free cash flow, the improved outlook in terms of the business. We think we can get to breakeven by the end of the year. As it relates to pre-PRQ reserves in the fourth quarter, we’re likely to have some, but it should be a pretty good quarter-over-quarter improvement from the third quarter, which was obviously a good quarter-over-quarter improvement from the second quarter.
John Pitzer: Srini, thanks for the questions. Jonathan, I think we have time for one last caller, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question for today then comes from the line of Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: And I do have a quick follow-up as well. Just kind of going back to the gross margin a little bit. I think, Dave, when you guided this quarter, you talked about just looking backwards, the PRQ impact was going to be about 250 basis points. I think there was also an underload impact that I think you guided to around 300 basis points. So, I’m just curious what was -- what were those numbers in this most recent quarter relative to kind of as we try and frame what the expectation is going forward?
David Zinsner: Yes, they were largely as expected, although it was off of a lower revenue number. So, the absolute dollars were as expected. They had a little bit of less of an impact, given the revenue was higher. And both of those numbers, like I said, will be lower in the third quarter.
John Pitzer: Aaron, do you have a quick follow-up?
Aaron Rakers: I do, just real quickly on just kind of the AI narrative. We talked about Gaudi a lot in the pipeline build-out. I’m curious as you look forward, as part of that pipeline, Pat, do you expect to see deployment in some of the hyperscale cloud guys and competing against directly some of the large competitors on the GPU front with Gaudi in cloud?
Pat Gelsinger: Simple answer. Yes. Right? And everyone is looking for alternatives. Clearly, the MLPerf numbers that we posted recently with Gaudi2 show very competitive numbers, significant TCO benefits for customers. They’re looking for alternatives. They’re also looking for more capacity. And so, we’re definitely engaged. We already have Gaudi instances on AWS as available today already. And some of the names that we described in our earnings calls, Stability AI, Genesis Cloud. So, some of these are the proven, I’ll say, at scale Tier 1 cloud providers but some of the next-generation ones are also engaging. So overall, absolutely, we expect that to be the case. We’re also on our own dev cloud, we’re making it easier for customers to test Gaudi more quickly. And with that, we now have 1,000 customers now who are taking advantage of the Intel Development Cloud. We’re building a 1,000-node Gaudi cluster so that they can be at scale with their testing a very large training environment. So overall, the simple answer is, yes, very much so, and we’re seeing a good pipeline of those opportunities.
Pat Gelsinger: So with that, let me just wrap up our time together today. Thank you. We’re grateful that you would join us today, and we’re thankful that we have the opportunity to update you on our business. And simply put, it was a very good quarter. We exceeded expectations on top line, on bottom line. We raised guidance and we look forward to the continue opportunities that we have of accelerating our business and seeing the margin improvement that comes in the second half of the year. But even more important to me was the operational improvements that we saw, a good fiscal discipline, cost saving discipline and best of all, the progress that we’ve made, right, on our execution, our process execution, product execution, the transformational journey that we’re in. And I just want to say a big thank you to my team for having a very good quarter that we could tell you about today. We look forward to talking to you more, particularly at our Innovation in September. We’ll be hosting an investor Q&A track and we hope to see many, if not all of you there. It will be a great time. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now you should have received a copy of the Q1 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our Investor Relations website intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. It also contains references to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information to our investors. Our earnings release, most recent Annual Report in Form 10-K, and other filings with the SEC, provide more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. They also provide additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where appropriate to the corresponding GAAP financial measures. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered solid first-quarter results on both the top- and bottom-line. Upside was driven by better-than-expected revenue and very disciplined expense management across our organization. The latter is not easy and I want to thank the entire Intel team as we thoughtfully execute on cost reductions and efficiency improvements that support the investments critical to drive our strategy. Q1 results demonstrate the progress we are making to advance our transformation and the IDM 2.0 strategy. We still have more work to do as we reestablish process, product and cost leadership, but we continue to provide proof points each quarter and we remain committed to delivering long-term value for all our shareholders. Consistent with prior quarters, I'd like to focus my comments in three areas: one, our view of the macro and our markets; two, key highlights from Q1; and three, an update on our strategic priorities with a focus on our move to an internal foundry model. As the industry continues to navigate through multiple global challenges and headwinds, we remain cautious on the macro outlook, even as we expect some modest recovery in the second half. We are seeing increasing stability in the PC market with inventory corrections largely proceeding as we had expected. However, the server and networking markets have yet to reach their bottoms as Cloud and Enterprise remain weak. As a result, our Q2 revenue guide embeds continued inventory corrections in our core markets and a range of normal seasonal to better-than-seasonal growth off depressed Q1 revenue levels. We remain focused on what is within our control and steadfast in our commitment to advancing our strategy. As we anticipated on our Q4 earnings call, the PC market depleted a significant amount of inventory in Q1 and is tracking to be at a healthy level by the end of Q2. Importantly, the PC installed base is larger and usage remains well above pre-pandemic levels, and along with a better-than-expected Q1, strengthens our view that the PC market is on track to a sell-through of 270 million units in calendar year '23. As we highlighted during our PC webinar in January, strong usage and installed base, which is roughly 10% higher than pre-COVID levels, and what we see as a conservative refresh rate supports a longer-term PC TAM of 300 million units, plus or minus. In Servers, Q1 consumption TAM declined both sequentially and year-over-year at an accelerated rate and we still expect to see first-half '23 TAM decline year-on-year with a modest recovery in second half of the year. While all segments have weakened, we'd reiterate that the correction in Enterprise and Rest-of-World, where we have stronger positions, is further along and will likely recover more quickly. Lastly, in our broad-based markets like Industrial, Auto and Infrastructure, demand trends are relatively stronger. Although, as anticipated, NEX did see a Q1 inventory correction that we expect will continue for the next couple of quarters and likely will cause NEX revenue to decline this year. In contrast, PSG, IFS, and Mobileye continue on a strong growth trajectory and we see the collection of these businesses in total growing year-on-year in calendar year '23, much better than third-party expectations for a mid-single-digits decline in the semiconductor market ex-memory. While the semiconductor industry is cyclical by nature, we continue to accelerate our transformation and position ourselves to capture the significant market growth in semis expected over the next decade, nearly doubling to more than $1 trillion by 2030. Combined with the need for globally balanced and resilient supply chains and a foundry market expected to be roughly $200 billion by 2030, we are well-positioned to capitalize on multiple vectors of growth. On that front, let me highlight some key milestones from Q1. We are relentlessly focused on driving execution excellence across process and product roadmaps and throughout the company, including a rigorous focus on efficiency and cost savings. Looking first at the progress we're making with our process roadmap, we remain on track to regain transistor performance and power performance leadership by 2025. Relative to five nodes in four years, notably, two out of these five nodes, Intel 7 and Intel 4, are now essentially done. Intel 7 is in high-volume manufacturing, and Meteor Lake on Intel 4 is ramping production wafer starts today for a second-half product launch. We are quickly mastering EUV technology with Intel 4 as our first EUV node. As we focus on the next three nodes, Intel 3 is on track and we highlighted in our recent DCAI webinar, Sierra Forest will begin shipping in the first half of '24, with Granite Rapids shortly thereafter, both on Intel 3. We also have significant milestones planned in Q2 for Intel 3, Intel 20A and Intel 18A, and look forward to providing more details as we execute. Overall, we are squarely on track to deliver five nodes in four years. We understand that our foundry ambitions will not be realized overnight, building a vibrant foundry ecosystem will take time. But we also understand our foundry success is vitally important to establishing a geographically diverse and secure supply of semiconductors. We took a major step forward in building our ecosystem this month when we announced a multi-generation agreement with ARM Holdings. This will enable chip designers to build leading-edge mobile SoC designs on Intel 18A, giving the design community a new foundry alternative for product innovation and fast time-to-market, while also opening up new options and approaches for large ecosystem of ARM customers. We look forward to providing access to best-in-class CPU IP and the power of an open system foundry with leading-edge process technology. Finally, as part of my recent trip to China, we continue to work hard to complete the Tower acquisition and we'll update you appropriately. In our webinar last month, we provided a substantial update on our Data Center and AI business, highlighting the progress and health of our roadmap. Sapphire Rapids, our 4th Gen Xeon is one of the highest-quality data center CPUs Intel has ever delivered and continues to ramp aggressively with excellent customer feedback. We are shipping over 400 designs across numerous system and memory configurations for all OEMs, ODM, and cloud providers and we are on track to 1 million units by midyear. Notably, AI inference performance and confidential computing substantially differentiate our 4th Gen Xeon from competitors, specifically 4th Gen Xeon offers the most comprehensive confidential computing portfolio in the industry, including virtual machine isolation with Intel Trust Domain extensions or Intel TDX and trust attestation services. Just this week leading cloud service providers signaled readiness for Intel TDX instances, including Alibaba Cloud, with Microsoft announcing their preview on Azure, and Google releasing joint research conducted pre-launch to further harden TDX in complex environments. Emerald Rapids, our 5th Gen Xeon Scalable is already sampling with customers and is on track to launch in Q4 '23. As stated earlier, Sierra Forest, our lead vehicle for Intel 3 will begin shipping in first half '24, with Granite Rapids shortly thereafter. Both of which are receiving very positive responses from sampled customers. Sierra Forest is our first E-core server CPU which will provide competitive performance per watt across workloads and leadership across many, with all of the benefits of the x86 ecosystem. Clearwater Forest, which is the follow on to Sierra Forest, is coming to market in 2025 and will be manufactured on Intel 18A, the node where we intend to achieve process leadership, and representing the culmination of our five-nodes-in-four-year strategy. The combination of our roadmap strengthening as we highlighted in our webinar, better-than-expected Q1 market share results, and great execution on the Xeon Gen 4 ramp, Q1 was a turning point as the first quarter of an improving Data Center position since I became CEO. Further in Q1, we taped-in the Habana Gaudi3 AI Accelerator and the Habana Gaudi2 is in the market and offering substantial performance advantage over A100 in training and inferencing, vision and language models. For example, Gaudi2 delivered 60% higher power efficiency measured in throughput per watt for inferencing large language models such as BLOOM 176-billion parameter model. Along with 4th Gen Xeon and Xeon Max, Gaudi enables us to address the accelerating growth in AI. Recent endorsements by Hugging Face and Stability AI are strong proof points of the validation in our AI roadmap and strategy. Our strategy is to truly democratize the incredible power of AI, championing an open ecosystem with a full suite of silicon and software IP to drive AI from Cloud to Enterprise, Network, Edge, and Client across training and inference in both discrete and integrated solutions. Our OneAPI now includes the open and royalty-free C++ based programming model, SYCL, which is critical to driving collaboration and innovation. As developers want the ability to write once, run anywhere, our open-source toolkit, SYCLomatic, is helping to accelerate the migration to SYCL as we work to democratize AI. While AI development sparked by enthusiasm around generative AI is today centered on LLMs in the cloud, AI deployment will rapidly migrate to inference as the dominant AI workload, and adoption will quickly expand outwards to Edge and Client, all areas that play to our strengths. We are focused on capitalizing across all segments with optimized silicon and software solutions. Our Programmable Solutions business continues to perform well with an all-time record revenue in Q1. And our FPGA portfolio now includes more than 15 new products scheduled to PRQ this calendar year, the highest number of new product introductions ever in our FPGA business. PSG is also piloting an initiative to build a more resilient supply chain by which customers would provide Intel with enhanced demand and new design visibility, while Intel provides customers with greater predictability of supply, leveraging the benefits of transitioning a great percentage of PSG products to an Intel supply-chain. Our Client Computing business continues to execute on this roadmap and build on recent market share wins. We gained overall PC market share in Q1 and expect our competitive position to continue to improve as we ramp Meteor Lake production in Q2 for a launch in second half. In Q1, we introduced our 13th Gen Intel Core Mobile processor, followed by our new vPro platform powered by the full lineup of 13th Gen Intel Core processors. Intel vPro delivers the most comprehensive security and the necessary hardware for companies in the need of a PC refresh and increased productivity. In 2023, our expansive commercial portfolio will deliver more than 170 notebooks, desktops, and entry workstations from technology providers such as Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Fujitsu, Panasonic and Samsung Electronics. Turning to NEX and Mobileye, at Mobile World Congress, we demonstrated that nearly all vRAN and virtualized network core deployments run on an Intel. We also introduced a range of products and solutions that enable the world's networks, from the Core to the Radio Access Network and out to the intelligent Edge to transition from fixed-function hardware to open programmable software-defined platforms. Highlights include the launch of our 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors with Intel vRAN boost, delivering 2 times the capacity gains gen over gen, within the same power envelope and up to an additional 20% power savings with integrated acceleration, and with extensive industry support from Ericsson, Verizon, Telefonica and Vodafone, among many others. In particular, Ericsson has been working closely with us to enable the cloudification of the network, making possible industry-scale Open RAN. Lastly, Mobileye continues to be an important part of the Intel family and delivered strong growth and profitability in Q1. They continue to gain significant traction with customers for their advanced product portfolio, and we remain very confident in the long-term growth profile and value of the Mobileye business. In addition to our process and product roadmap, we continue to make progress on our commitment to reduce costs and drive efficiencies. We are well on our way towards our goal of reducing $3 billion in costs in 2023, and $8 billion to $10 billion in annual savings exiting 2025. We further rationalize our products as we prioritize our investments in support of IDM 2.0. This includes integrating AXG into DCAI and CCG, respectively. In addition, we exited our server business in Q1 and signed an agreement with MiTAC, an Edge to Cloud IT solutions provider and longstanding ODM partner, to manufacture and sell products based on the designs of our server systems business to create a path forward for our channel customers. I'm going to spend a few minutes on cost leadership. Last month, I had the opportunity to meet with some of you on the East Coast, and while everyone understands that we are establishing an internal foundry model, I'm not sure we've fully explained the importance and impact of this change. Giving the manufacturing group their own P&L and the BUs' standard wafer price will drive a more efficient factory network and a better decision on design to cost at the BU level. It will also serve to create parity between internal and external foundry customers and drive a more efficient manufacturing cost structure needed to compete and win external foundry customers. With a separate P&L for the manufacturing group, we will also provide you with a cleaner comparison of the BUs to their external fabless peers. As we stated on our Q3 earnings call, we believe the structure should allow us to access and execute on multiple pools of profit that are unique to an IDM, which none of our peers have. Establishing an internal foundry model is one of the most consequential steps we are taking to deliver IDM 2.0, and fundamentally shifts the way the company operates and the incentive mechanisms that drive day-to-day behaviors. We look forward to discussing this in more detail during our Internal Foundry webinar in Q2. I am proud of our team's progress this quarter. We remain committed to executing on our strategic roadmap by, first, delivering on five nodes in four years, achieving process performance parity in 2024, and unquestioned leadership by 2025 with Intel 18A. Second, executing on our Data Center and AI roadmap, including the Sapphire Rapids ramp; the launch of Emerald Rapids in the second half of '23, and Granite Rapids and Sierra Forest in 2024. Third, ramping Meteor Lake in second half '23, and launching Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake in 2024. And fourth, expanding our IFS customer base to include large design wins on advanced packaging, Intel 16, Intel 3, and Intel 18A this year. As we improve our cost structure and drive operational efficiency, we will first return to profitability. Second, execute on our Internal foundry P&L by 2024; and third, expand the use of our Smart Capital strategy to balance our long-term capital aspirations with near-term realities. We are steadfast in our commitment to continue to effectively allocate your capital in the pursuit of creating value for all of our stakeholders. Before I turn it over to Dave, I'd like to take a moment to honor and pay tribute to the life of Gordon Moore, who passed away on March 24. Gordon defined and enabled the technology industry through his insight and vision. He was instrumental in revealing the power of transistors and inspired technologists and entrepreneurs across the decades. I am forever grateful for his guiding hand, willingness to mentor me, and his unwavering friendship. Gordon famously said, "What can be done, can be outdone." This is our guiding principle as stewards of Moore's Law, which we intend to enable and drive until the periodic table is exhausted, as we use the power of technology to improve the lives of every person on earth. Intel will hold a memorial service to honor the life and accomplishments of Gordon and we will share more details on this shortly.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We drove solid business execution in the first quarter, beating guidance on both the top and bottom line. Against the backdrop of persistent macroeconomic volatility, we will continue to prioritize investments critical to our IDM 2.0 transformation, prudently and aggressively manage expenses near term, and drive fundamental improvements to our cost structure long-term. First quarter revenue was $11.7 billion, $700 million above the midpoint of our guide. Results from CCG, DCAI, IFS and Mobileye exceeded our expectations, partially offset by softer demand in the Network and Edge markets, impacting NEX revenue in the quarter. Gross margin was 38.4%, modestly below our guidance on higher-than-expected inventory reserves tied to continued macro uncertainty. Q1 margins were impacted 300 basis points by factory underload charges taken in the period. EPS was negative $0.04 for the quarter, $0.11 cents better than guide, demonstrating our cross-company focus on spending discipline. Operating cash flow in Q1 was negative $1.8 billion, net CapEx was $7 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $8.8 billion, and we paid dividends of $1.5 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investment balances of more than $27 billion and a strong investment-grade profile. Before moving to Business Unit results, I will highlight a few changes made within our segment reporting. The Client and Data Center focused products from the former AXG business are now reported within our CCG and DCAI segments, respectively, and will have a dilutive effect on the operating margins of those businesses. Our Silicon Photonics and Foundry Automotive businesses have moved out of NEX and IFS, respectively, and are now reported as part of all other revenue, sharpening our focus on the significant market opportunities available to both NEX and IFS. Shifting to the first-quarter business unit results. CCG achieved revenue of $5.8 billion, better than our expectations for the quarter. While we continue to see a challenging demand environment, especially in our Consumer and Education segments, customers continue to prefer Intel, driven by our leadership product performance. As discussed last quarter, we saw a significant inventory burn at our customers in the period. While inventory levels remain elevated, we anticipate the market will be closer to equilibrium as we exit Q2. ASPs were down sequentially due to mix. Q1 operating profit was $520 million, flat sequentially despite revenue declining 13% from Q4, and down year-over-year on lower revenue, higher unit costs and excess capacity charges, partially offset by reduced OpEx. DCAI revenue was $3.7 billion, ahead of our expectations in Xeon, PSG and AXG lines of business. We saw a significant sequential and year-over-year TAM contraction across all CPU market segments and expect demand to remain soft in the second quarter. We saw stable CPU market share in Q1 and are excited by the broad market ramp of our 4th Generation Xeon Scalable processor: Sapphire Rapids. Operating loss was $518 million, impacted sequentially by lower revenue, higher product costs and investment in leadership products on new process nodes. DCAI margins were also diluted by the merge of the AXG business and inventory reserves tied to the exit of our Server System business. Within our DCAI business, the Programmable Solutions Group delivered record revenue for the second consecutive quarter in Q1, up 36% year-over-year, with increased ASPs and improved external supply, which enables us to satisfy customer backlog, helping to drive continued operating profit growth. NEX revenue was $1.5 billion, below our expectations for the quarter, driven by demand softness and elevated inventory levels in our Network and Edge markets, consistent with the overall industry. Operating loss was $300 million, impacted sequentially by depressed revenue in the quarter and inventory reserves, partially offset by continued expense management and discipline. Mobileye continues to outperform underlying Automotive end-markets, delivering record first-quarter revenue of $458 million, up 16% year-over-year, along with a 6% year-over-year increase in content per vehicle. Profitability continues to be strong with Q1 operating income of $123 million. IFS revenue was $118 million, including 67% sequential growth in Packaging revenue. Operating loss was $140 million, impacted sequentially by increased factory startup costs as we invest in a strategic growth business. We're well on our way towards our committed $3 billion of spending reductions in 2023, on our path to $8 billion to $10 billion of reductions, exiting 2025, which will exclude benefits from the change in Equipment Useful Life. As demonstrated by our Q1 results, focused investment prioritization and spending discipline have our OpEx reductions trending ahead of expectation. While revenue-adjusted cost-of-sales reductions faced headwinds from factory underload charges and inventory reserves due to continued demand uncertainty. As Pat highlighted, our shift to an Internal Foundry model is already demonstrating a path to the structural cost improvements necessary to achieve our long-term profit goals. We've seen early wins with a reduction in disruptive factory expedites, an increased focus on sort and test times. We look forward to unpacking the financial and operational benefits of our Internal Foundry model in much more detail in our Investor webinar later in the quarter. Now turning to Q2 guidance. We expect second-quarter revenue of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion. At the midpoint of $12 billion, we expect billings to continue to trail consumption in our Data Center, Network and Client markets as customers focus on rightsizing operating inventories. While we remain cautious, we're seeing green shoots and expect sequential revenue growth throughout the year. Pat mentioned the continued strong signals of elevated PC usage and active devices, giving us confidence that our short-term headwinds are an anomaly to long-term revenue opportunity. Demand for AI capabilities in the Cloud, across the Network and at the Edge continue to grow, and we're confident that our CPU and Accelerator portfolios are well-positioned to benefit from the market tailwind. We're forecasting Q2 gross margin of 37.5%, a tax rate of 13%, an EPS of negative $0.04 at the midpoint of revenue guidance. Factory underload charges are projected to impact Q2 gross margins by approximately 300 basis points. While gross margins are well below acceptable levels, I'd highlight inventory reserves on pre-PRQ products impact Q2 margins by approximately 250 basis points, costs, which should begin to unwind later this year as new products launch. Increased sample costs in support of our Xeon product road map will impact margins by 40 basis points sequentially. Our Q2 guidance includes an approximately $500 million benefit to operating margin from the useful life accounting change we announced in January, split approximately 80% to cost of sales and 20% to OpEx, up from $460 million in Q1. It's important to remember that this is a fixed cost business. The impact of underloaded factories goes beyond the period charges we're seeing in the first half of the year and will be felt for several quarters as we sell through products with higher average unit costs. We'll continue to deploy factory capacity prudently as we operate within our smart capital framework. As communicated last quarter, we expect to manage net CapEx intensity in the low 30% of revenue range in 2023, with capital offsets of approximately 20% to 30% of gross CapEx. Consistent with smart capital, IFS capacity represents approximately 10% of 2023 gross CapEx, a number which will scale in line with foundry customer commitments. With gross CapEx weighted to first half and capital offsets weighted to second half, we expect adjusted free cash flow to improve sequentially throughout the year and to be positive in second half of 2023. While we're encouraged by first quarter revenue and expect growth to improve sequentially through 2023, we're not satisfied with our financial results and remain focused on what we can control. Our execution and the prioritization of our owner's capital toward our long-term goals. We're confident that as we deliver on our road map commitments, we will meet and exceed our customers' expectations for our products and our owners' expectations for strong revenue growth and free cash flow generation. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now move into the Q&A portion of our call. [Operator Instructions] With that, Jonathan, can we please take the first question?
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
TimothyArcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I wonder if you can go through the gross margin walk kind of through the rest of the year. There's a lot of moving parts. I know you have the underutilization of 300 basis points. And it sounds like you also have another 200 basis points you highlighted from these pre-PRQ costs. So you're sort of normalized at 43 ex those two things, but there's a couple of offsets, too. You got puts and takes around higher die costs from these new products like Meteor and Sapphire. So can you sort of give us a walk in terms of what the puts and takes are when you move past June? Thanks.
David Zinsner: Yes. Sure, Tim. Let me give you a little color. So on the 250 basis points that you correctly highlight that are the pre-PRQ reserves, the benefit of that is as we go into the back half of the year, that's related to Meteor Lake and Emerald. And as those ship, a lot of that reverses. In fact, in essence, we end up shipping it at 100% gross margin. So that becomes a tailwind. And then we do expect, as things improve from a demand perspective, that we will start to load the fab back up. The only, I guess, cautionary comment is that we still have under-loaded costs that kind of are built into the cost of our product that are held in inventory. And so there are -- it does take a few quarters even beyond the time where we start to stop seeing these period costs of underutilization that we'll start to still see some cost headwinds from that. But ultimately, we'll be loading the fabs up to the appropriate levels, and that will be a nice tailwind. So maybe the best way to describe it is, I think, for the back half of the year, we feel like we'll be comfortably in the 40s from a gross margin perspective based on all those factors. And obviously, we're actively working on our $8 billion to $10 billion of spending reductions by the time we get to the end of 2025, and a lot of that is in the cost base, which will be a benefit to gross margins.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I do. Yes. Pat, I guess you have a lot of products coming out in a pretty short amount of time. Basically, you've got five data center platforms in 2.5 years. I understand that some are E-core and some are P-core, but usually, customers want to leverage their investments in these platforms for a longer time than that. So could that be some impediment to how quickly these platforms could ramp? Can you kind of talk about that?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, it's a great question, Tim. And what I'd highlight is that Sapphire and Emerald Gen 4 and Gen 5 are the same platform. So from the customer's perspective, they get to leverage those platform investments in a substantial way. Similarly, as we go into next year with Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids, that's once again the same platform. And Clearwater Forest, the following year that we disclosed in the data center webinar for '25, also goes into that same platform. So essentially, even though it's five products that we've discussed, that's two platforms. And that ability to leverage that platform across a broader market space is very warmly received by our customers. And obviously, as we're working through this period to get back to solid leadership, we're getting increasing momentum from our customers. And as I highlighted, in my prepared remarks, this was a good quarter for our data center business, a very healthy road map. We did better than we forecast in Q1 market share on track for the Sapphire Rapids ramp. And overall, being able to see these new use cases for AI inferencing in the platform, being able to deploy the increasing security capabilities that we disclosed, all of these are very unique feature capabilities that are both differentiating as well as value add for our customers that helps them to see the value in the underlying platforms that we're delivering. So a very good quarter. Thanks for the question, Tim.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. You've talked about PC CPU inventory normalizing exiting the June quarter. Can you give us a sense by how much you were under shipping end demand today? How do you think about the snapback? And can you talk about the timing of planned raising of utilization, at least for your CCG business?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. So I'll start on that, and Dave can jump in. Generally, we think that we undersold into the market by about 20% in Q1, and that continues in Q2. And overall, we said a 270 million unit sell-through TAM for the year. That equates -- it was essentially equivalent to the 240 million or 250 million units sell-in TAM that you might have seen from some of the industry analysts. So overall, we think first half, we end the first half with a very healthy inventory position by our OEMs and by the channel. That positions us very well for natural improvement in a stronger second half as we're now selling, I'll say, in at the same rate of selling out in the marketplace in a normally stronger back half of the year. Overall, this is just going to be a positive every quarter as we go through the year. We're seeing strong momentum from our customers for our road map. And as Dave indicated, we're already starting to build inventory for the Meteor Lake launch later in the year, which is another strong indication. Dave, if you want to comment on the inventory comment?
David Zinsner: Yes. So we have about 155 days of inventory aggregate - in the aggregate on the balance sheet. Obviously, as we get through the inventory depletion at customers and we start to normalize back up to the level of end consumption, we'll start to burn through that inventory, and you can expect us to start ramping the factories. I don't think we'll be fully ramped by the end of the year, but we certainly will be improving the ramp through the year.
John Pitzer: C.J., do you have a follow-up question?
C.J. Muse: Yes, a quick one. Pat, in your prepared remarks, you talked about positive feedback from tests at your customers for Sierra and Granite. Curious if you can share any of the feedback that you're hearing to give us confidence on that ramp?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I'd say, generally, the feedback is, wow, right? You guys are delivering at the front end of your scheduled windows that you gave us with a very high-quality product, and they're now into their, what we call, the volume validation phase of their platforms. So where they're receiving enough samples that they can start to do broad validation of the platform. That validation cycle is very critical for us because it informs us of when we're ready to move forward with the production stepping of those parts in both the software and the firmware of the platform. We're seeing very good response on both the first E-core part with Sierra Forest as well as the next-generation P-core part with Granite Rapids. So overall, I'd just say we feel super good that we're getting such a warm response from customers. And this positions us very well as they're rebuilding their confidence in Intel. And this -- you've heard me talk before, C.J., that we have to rebuild our customers' confidence and the performance that we're seeing, not just on Sapphire Rapids, Emerald Rapids Gen 5, but next year's products and the very strong position for the E-core products going into 2025 with Clearwater Forest has been a strong uptick in their belief that Intel's execution machine is back for their data center products of the future.
John Pitzer: Thank you, C.J. Jonathan, can we have the next question please.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Pat, in your preamble, you talked a little bit about some data center trends by the end markets, a little bit geographically, a little bit customer type with enterprise. I was hoping you could dig a little bit deeper into what you're seeing in the cloud side of things. The customers themselves seem to be reporting very strong numbers, but it seems that you alluded to that still being an inventory digesting end market for you. And then how Intel, specifically in cloud, is doing competitively?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And clearly, there was a down quarter for enterprise and for cloud. We do see that affecting the first -- at least the first half of the year. That said, we're encouraged by some of the comments that you've heard and that you refer to for the overall market. We do see that our position is improving. As I indicated in Q1, we saw a better-than-forecast market segment share. We also saw some green shoots for the first time in China. And we're encouraged by that market starting to show some positive characteristics. We'd also say that some of that strength in data center is driven by AI. And we're seeing a very positive response to Gaudi 2 and seeing our pipeline growing very rapidly for that product line. We also saw that as a driver of the early strong ramp for Gen 4 Sapphire Rapids. Those taken together, we are -- we do believe that's an important trend. But we also, as you said, in my prepared remarks, we see that we need to make AI and that is a critical use case broadly available. And that's what we refer to as democratizing AI, where those super high-end machines are uneconomical for most environments, and we have to enable the broad deployment of inferencing, being able to use AI. And that's an area where, particularly our core Xeon product line, has particular strengths well above prior generations and competitive alternatives and one that we expect to be an area of strength for us long-term.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a follow-up?
Ross Seymore: I do. I just wanted to go back and revisit the gross margin side so one for Dave. The underutilization charges, is there some trigger point at which, revenue-wise, I guess, we should expect that to go away because, obviously, that's the 300 basis point headwind, two quarters in a row of that? And then the pre-PRQ side of things, given the frequency of new product introductions that was alluded to in a prior question, it doesn't seem like those would necessarily go away that fast, or if they do for a quarter or two, they would come back. So can you just walk us through some of the puts and takes on those underutilization charges and pre-PRQ please?
David Zinsner: Yes, okay. So on the pre-PRQ, you're right, and it always is lumpy. We saw this effect midway through last year with Sapphire Rapids. And so, we will have these on occasion. But we think for the second half of the year, for sure, we won't see this magnitude of pre-PRQ reserves is a pretty significant quarter for us in the second quarter. On the under-loading charges, I think it's -- partially, it's about revenue, but partially it's about our inventory levels and where they are. So we obviously need to bring the inventory levels down from the 155 days. That's going to be important. I think I would just say that, hey, in the third and fourth quarter, I would see - I would expect to see an improving situation in terms of underloads. And likely, that will be behind us by the time we're through the end of the year, just on the period cost under load charges. We might be living with some higher cost per unit for a couple of quarters after that, because of under-load that we built into the cost of the products. But ultimately, we'll have this factory, the factory network loaded back up.
John Pitzer: Thanks Ross. Jonathan, can we have next question please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsey from Cowen. Your question please.
Matthew Ramsay: Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon guys. Pat, I wanted to - the first question I wanted to ask is on sort of the node roadmap. You guys have made some good progress there, and we're working through some end market and near-term product dynamics, but focusing on the five nodes in four years. I know there's, some internal nodes that are being developed as well around backside power via and also gate all around? So maybe you could give a little bit of an update as to how those roadmaps are going on those two pieces of technology individually? And I guess the second part of the question, if you do succeed in getting to node parity and the node leadership as you described, can you talk about a path to cost parity for internal and external potential customers on 18A? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Yes, great question, Matt. And as I indicated, the five nodes in four years, Intel 7 done, Intel 4 with the Meteor Lake of volume ramp, we view that as all but done, right? We are -- essentially, the process is PRQ-ed. And now we're ramping the product, which will PRQ later in the year. So we feel like we're two of five are now completed. Obviously, the next one up is Intel 3. And with Intel 3, the positive updates that we've given on Granite and Sierra Forest for next year, the volume sampling that I've already referred to gives us a lot of confidence that, that is now coming along very nicely. Both Intel 4 and Intel 3 are EUV nodes. As you say, as we go to 20A and 18A, the two major innovations are the RibbonFET, the gate all around transistor architecture and the backside power. Given the uniqueness of the backside power, as you indicated, we had an internal node that we didn't expose to products or externally to derisk that node, and that went extremely well. We had very good results from the backside power, the power delivery, the routability improvements that gave. And as I was -- as one proof point of that -- the Arm announcement was one that demonstrated significant benefits of backside power that we were able to do. So 20A and 18A are the next ones up. 20A will be primarily a client node as we ramp our Arrow Lake products in '24 and '25. 18A will be everything. We will have server products, client products, networking products and many foundry products. We also noted that this was the quarter that we have our first foundry test chips coming out. And so some of the test chips for external customers on 18A are now popping out a fab and being tested by them. So good affirmation from them, you also mentioned, I think it's actually a very insightful question, Matt, the cost structure. And one of the things that we've put a lot of emphasis on with 18A is getting to structural cost parity with what we believe is the best in the industry at that point. So, we view this as not just getting to power and performance parity, but also area parity and cost structural parity as we get to 18A. And we believe, as we've benchmarked ourselves against the industry best, we believe we're on track to do that in the 18A timeframe. And that's part of why we talk about in the internal foundry model as being able to start really measuring the P&L right? I'm really viewing it as the industry price for wafers is understood, and we have to benchmark ourselves against that and deliver margin structure at the wafer level that's competitive with that.
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a quick follow-up?
Matthew Ramsay: Yes I do John and thank you Pat for the detail there. My second question is on server roadmap, and you guys had a helpful DCAI roadmap day a month or so ago. I guess my question is kind of related to another question that was asked on platforms compatibility. I think Pat, you mentioned a few products on the roadmap, including - up into including Clearwater Forest being on the same sort of platform as Granite? There was another product that was on the public roadmap before, Diamond Rapids, for the next sort of P-core product. Any update there? I just want to - it wasn't really mentioned in the DCAI Day, and I've had a few folks asking me about it. And is it on the same platform? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And while we're not speaking a lot about that next-generation product, that would be the introduction of the next-generation platform at that point would be when we move to the next platform, which will change package architecture, power delivery architecture, memory channel, key steps in memory scalability with our CXL technology. So that will be a big step in terms of the platform architecture at that point. And I'll just say, every aspect of our roadmap is getting well received by our customers for both enterprise, but also and critically for cloud customers as well.
John Pitzer: Thanks Matt. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research. Your question please.
Pierre Ferragu: Sorry. Is the line is that for me clear?
David Zinsner: Yes, Pierre, how are you?
Pierre Ferragu: Yes, sorry apologies, it's very unlucky the line gets right when you say my name. Thanks for all the details on the gross margin. And taking a step back, I'm kind of thinking between now and the end of 2025, your gross margin is going to be very volatile and very difficult to read because you have a lot on your plate, a lot of costs coming in and out with all the various nodes? And so my question would be, maybe looking at things from a much higher level, let's say, we are around about 20 points below the historic margins as Intel being in a good competitive position. Some of that is clearly a scale issue. The business has shrunk a lot recently. And then some of that is really this very difficult 10-nanometer node where the cost per unit is significantly too high? And so my question really is, from what you know already from the nodes that you have coming up like that is now very, very tangible across Intel 4, how much of this gap are you going to regain with this node, really looking at it on the wafer against wafer, without making that any sort of guide of what do you get in 2023 or '24 or '25? But forgetting about the roadmap, looking at it, wafer against wafer, what order of magnitude of improvement in pricing power do you think you get or earnings power just because you now have like a competitive cost base in your manufacturing?
David Zinsner: Yes. So I'll take some of it, and then you...
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, yes.
David Zinsner: Maybe like at a high level, Pierre, maybe the way to think about it is, look, one element of getting to the appropriate cost structure to deliver the margins is getting our process technology to be competitive. And that's really at 18A where we intersect that. So we make improvements along the way, but that's really where we make the meaningful improvement to get there from a process perspective. Now the challenge is all along the way, there's this kind of start-up costs that we have to deal with, which is hundreds of basis points of headwind for us that we have, by virtue of the fact that we're stacked on stacked. The five nodes in four years that Pat is driving is the right strategy, but it does create headwinds on the cost side. So that - we've got to work our way through that, but once we're on the other side of five nodes in four years, we have a competitive process technology from a cost perspective. We've gotten ourselves this, let's say, significantly higher startup costs that we are incurring behind us as well. And then as you point out, you have the benefits of the scale of revenue that we would expect. And then lastly, you have, as Pat was talking about, this whole notion of the internal foundry model, which just drives a lot of attention on cost and where we think we're going to get a lot of that $8 billion to $10 billion of savings exiting 2025. So I think, the way I look at it at least is that we put forth a model for gross margins. We changed the depreciation, which incrementally raises that target. And there's nothing that's going on at the company that would suggest that we're off pace from that. We think we are going to achieve that. The timing is obviously a function somewhat of the market. But other than that, we feel like we're on a great path to have those margins.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I would just say there will be lumpiness Pierre, right, of the ups and downs along the way, when process nodes come online, as you work through different product cycles, et cetera. But we'd say, as Dave said, we're going from the 30s into the 40s comfortably this year. We set a long-term model into the 50s that, if you consider the useful life, gets us up around 60 by the end of the five-year period, as we've talked about. So we're on track to, I'll say, margins should be up and to the right as we work over time with lumpiness up and down due to these various considerations, but that's the path that we're laying ourselves upon.
John Pitzer: Pierre, do you have a quick follow-up question?
Pierre Ferragu: Yes, very quick one. Pat, you mentioned Gaudi like a very, very positive benchmark on large language models. When I look around me, I don't see, like, good tangible signs of Gaudi, like really gaining traction and getting big, despite the fact that the work today is really starting for more processing power and more capacity to run these models? So my question was, am I just not seeing something that will become apparent very, very soon? Or are there still building blocks and parts and things that Gaudi is missing before really taking this very fast-growing opportunity?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. I think it's a fair commentary that we're only starting to see good positive proof points in the industry. So I think that's a fair critique, Pierre. But I'd point back to the announcement of the Hugging Face, which is the most popular sort of like the GitHub of the AI world. Very positive proof point this quarter, stable diffusion, right, another in Stability AI, important forces also my comments around a rapidly growing pipeline. Obviously, you can't measure that, but I'll tell you, we have many opportunities that we're now engaging in globally. You'll also see us taking more aggressive steps with our dev cloud presenting this as a developer environment for the market. So I think we have a lot of work to do here to show up in a meaningful way. But we think the Gaudi 2 strategy has now started to gain quite a lot of interest in the market. As I said in my prepared remarks, Gaudi 3 has now taped out, which will be the next step-up. Also, we're describing the customers our 2025 platform, the Falcon Shores product, which is another step-up. That also brings together the full offering of our HPC and AI into a single platform offering. Customers are responding very well to the, I'll say, the alignment and simplification of our roadmap in HPC and AI coming together. So overall, we feel like we're now starting to show up in this space, but we have a lot of work to do to land meaningful revenue customers in this area. And I'm hopeful that we'll be able to put some clear proof points that you can start to see in the marketplace in the near future.
John Pitzer: Thanks Pierre. Jonathan, can we have the next question please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. I had a near-term and then a longer-term one. So on the near term, how should we think about the second half? Right now, when I look at consensus expectations. They are set for about 15% to 20% half-on-half growth. I appreciate you're not giving guidance. But is that the kind of growth that is contemplated or reflected in the return to the low 40s gross margin?
David Zinsner: Yes. I think what Pat said is, we thought things would be modestly better in the second half of the year. And that, combined with the fact that pre-PRQ reserves reverse themselves, we'll probably see some better utilization levels. That's what gives us the confidence of comfortably in the 40s, and we're not providing any specific revenue guidance on the second half?
Pat Gelsinger: Well, I'd say there's three things to just think about for the second half. One is that you normally have a stronger second half in our industry. We expect that to be the case. Second is we'll have worked through a lot of the inventory issues as you go first half to second half. And we are seeing some green shoots in the marketplace. We think it's a tough market for all, right? And we're navigating through it well, as seen by our top and bottom line beat in Q1. But hey, it's a tough market out there. So we're still being fairly cautious as we look out over time. And then third, obviously, our strengthening execution. Our road map is getting stronger. We're gaining market share. And I think of our Q1 as a solid proof point that we're navigating through the tough environment that we have in a better way than most. So we are incrementally more positive on the second half, but we also believe we have to continue careful execution, careful fiscal discipline as we go through a very uncertain macro outlook.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, John. So Pat, my longer-term question is, how do you see the role of Arm in the server CPU market? It's interesting that you're starting to partner with Ampere on Arm servers. I presume that implies a more credible ecosystem developing for Arm servers. I believe it's already around mid-single digit or so as part of cloud instances. So how do you see the role of Arm servers over the next few years? And do you see it as -- and just what is the impact on x86 server CPU TAM, if Arm becomes bigger in the market?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And a couple of things here, Vivek. One is the announcement that we did with Arm this quarter around IFS, it was a strong ecosystem statement for our foundry offerings and one that was focused around the mobile platform, but we do expect that we'll have a broader play over time as the announcement indicated that it's first focused on mobile, where Arm has proven considerable strength across the market. I'd also say that we think of the market and the future of four architectures matter. Arm, RISC-V, x86, right, you're playing a critical role and the role of accelerators in GPU, right? And we'll be participating across all of those, whether that's through foundry or through our product offerings. I've continued to view that if we are doing a great job with our road map that the role of Arm in the data center will be limited, right? And particularly with the E-core product line that we've laid now laid out with Sierra Forest, Clearwater Forest and strong products coming thereafter, we believe that we now deliver power performance TCO benefit at x86. Migrating software stacks in the data center is a lot of work, right? And if I give customers an easy path with x86 and E-core solutions with superior TCO alternatives, that will do very well. So with that, that's our primary play. At the same time, our foundry play will become one, come all. We will manufacture, right, any of the RISC-V arm, x86 and GPU alternatives for the industry through our superior capabilities in our foundry offerings over time. We view this as an industry play of great significance and one that we're committed to competing for leadership wafers across every architecture, every segment of the industry.
John Pitzer: Thanks Vivek. Jonathan, we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question for today comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the CapEx? You mentioned 10% going to foundry. Can you talk about -- I still get kind of a gross CapEx number that's north of $20 million. Does that seem like it's in the ballpark? And are you spending that money more on shelves and capacity? Or how much of that money gets allocated to the five nodes in four years?
David Zinsner: Yes. Gross would be north of $20 million. We think, as I mentioned, that we can keep net CapEx intensity in kind of the low 30s as a percent of revenue, which is kind of within our model actually a little bit better than what we modeled during the capital-intensive phase of our transformation. As it relates to kind of the split, we are probably -- certainly, there's a lot of CapEx going to equipment. There's a lot of CapEx going to shells. We're probably a little bit more biased towards shell investment right now. We had been in the past behind, and that caught us. And these are obviously the very long lead time type investments. And so you want to be -- make sure you have a shell when you need it. And so we have biased ourselves to do that and to make the investments that are appropriate in that regard. And as you point out, as I said, it's largely around our own needs. We are making some modest investments on the foundry side right now as we start to get -- gain traction on the customer front. And as we get more customers, we'll ramp that investment as appropriate.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a quick follow-up?
Joseph Moore: I do, yes. In terms of -- in terms of the sort of capital offsets that you've got another 20% to 30%, is there the opportunity for that number to be better? For example, with the CHIPS Act, as the grant money starts to get dispersed? Or you've talked about additional yield with deals like Brookfield? Like I guess are you contemplating within that number potential future improvement? Or does that number get better if we start to see benefit from those things?
David Zinsner: I mean, this is our current outlook is somewhere in the 20% to 30%. It obviously can get better. It assumes that we will have another skip by the end of the year and some government incentives. But obviously, I've got the CEO out there managing the offsets. And so I think there's certainly opportunity to see upside, if not this year, next year. And keep in mind, next year, we'll also have the benefit of the investment tax credit coming in at that point, which will obviously be helpful.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I would just add on top of that, this is something we're working. We're engaging right now with the Department of Commerce and working through our grant applications in that area. We have modeled a certain level in the guidelines that Dave said. Obviously, we're going to be working to do better than that in this regard. And fundamentally, the CHIPS Act is all about making U.S. manufacturing competitive in the world. And that's the focus that we have and the intent of Congress as was laid out, and we hope to get those done as quickly as possible. We also had a major milestone with the EU CHIPS Act passing Parliament last week, and we continue to work on that front. And obviously, skip an investment tax credit. We're working to make our capital intensity and efficiency to be a great opportunity for us to bring shareholder returns in a meaningful way.
Pat Gelsinger: So with that, let me just wrap up our time together. First, let me say thank you. We're grateful that you joined us. We're grateful that we have the opportunity to give you an update on our business and the progress that we're making. While the macro is challenging and plenty of headwinds out there, we also believe that our execution on our financials will be on top of bottom line, great execution on our process and product road maps. And here we are two years into my tenure, and the journey to date has had some unexpected bumps in the road. We're also beginning to see clear points that increase my confidence that we have the right strategy, the right team, and we are executing on this transformation. And we look forward to updating you throughout the quarter and our next call together. So thank you all so much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Jonathan. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q4 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our investor website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion does contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. As such, it does involve risks and uncertainties. Our press release provides more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We've also provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures this quarter, and we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings release and earnings presentation include full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliation. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Q4 revenue came in at the low end of guide and was impacted by persistent macro headwinds, which began in Q2 and underscored a 2022 characterized by unprecedented volatility, which will continue in the near term. We made meaningful progress on several fronts in calendar year 2022, notwithstanding all the challenges, but we readily admit our results and our Q1 guidance are below what we expect of ourselves. We are working diligently to address the challenges brought on by current demand trends and remain confident in our long-term plans and trajectory. Accordingly, we are even more aggressively executing on the cost measures we described in Q3, even as we keep the investments critical to our long-term transformation intact with a clear eye of making the right capital allocation decision to drive the most long-term value. Today, I'd like to address three areas. One, our view on the macro and the markets in which we participate; two, the operational progress we made in 2022; three, as we enter the New Year outlining the commitments we are making to all our stakeholders. First, on the macro. We expect macro weakness to persist at least through the first half of the year with the possibility of second half improvements. However, given the uncertainty in the current environment, we are not going to provide revenue guidance beyond Q1. Dave will provide guidelines for capital spending, depreciation and adjusted free cash flow in his prepared comments. Having said that, let me give you additional color regarding our view of our markets in 2023. To various degrees, all our markets are being impacted by macro uncertainty, rising interest rates, geopolitical tensions in Europe and COVID impacts in Asia, especially in China. In the PC market, we saw a further deterioration as we ended calendar year 2022. In Q3, we provided an estimate for the calendar year 2023 PC consumption TAM of 270 million to 295 million units. Given continued uncertainty and demand signals we see in Q1, we expect the lower end of that range is a more likely outcome. Near term, the PC ecosystem continues to deplete inventory. For all of calendar year 2022, our sell-in was roughly 10% below consumption with Q4 under shipping meaningfully higher than full year, and Q1 expected to grow again to represent the most significant inventory digestion in our data set. While we know this dynamic will need to reverse, predicting one is difficult. Importantly, PC usage data remains strong, reinforcing that use cases brought on by COVID are persistent even as the economy has reopened. And as we highlighted in our recent PC webinar, strong usage and installed base, which is roughly 10% higher than pre-COVID levels and what we see as a conservative refresh rate supports a longer term PC TAM of 300 million units plus or minus, post this period of adjustment. We intend to capitalize on this TAM through a strong pipeline of innovation and based on the growing strength of our product portfolio, customers are increasingly betting on Intel. We grew share in the second half of 2022, and we expect that positive momentum to continue in 2023. We remain clear eyed on managing to near-term weakness in PCs but we also see the enduring and increasing value PCs have in our daily lives. In the server market, the overall consumption TAM grew modestly in calendar year 2022, albeit at diminishing rates as the year progressed. Inventory burn drove server CPU shipments down mid-single digits year-on-year in calendar year 2022 with hyperscale up, offset by declines in enterprise and Rest of World. Our share in calendar year 2022 was in line with our subdued expectations, and our revenue volatility was a function of TAM, especially given our outsized exposure to enterprise and China. We expect Q1 server consumption TAM to decline both sequentially and year-over-year at an accelerated rate with first half 2023 server consumption TAM down year-on-year before returning to growth in the second half. While all segments have weakened, enterprise and rest of world, especially China, continues to be weaker than hyperscale. However, we'd highlight that the correction in enterprise and rest of the world, where we have stronger positions are further along than hyperscale. Lastly, in our broad-based markets like industrial, auto and infrastructure, demand trends throughout calendar year 2022 were strong but not completely immune to the macro volatility. Strong demand in these markets was mirrored by strong Q4 and record calendar year 2022 revenue in NEX, PSG, IFS and Mobileye. We see calendar year 2023 as another growth year for us in these areas even though the absolute rate is difficult to predict today. This is in contrast to the semi market ex-memory, which third parties expect to decline low to mid-single digits. We entered 2023 with a view that much of the macro uncertainty of the last year is likely to persist, especially in the first half of the year. As such, we are laser focused on executing to our $3 billion in calendar year 2023 cost savings that we committed on our Q3 earnings call. We are making tough decisions to rightsize the organization and we further sharpened our business focus within our BUs by rationalizing product road maps and investments. NEX continues to do well and is a core part of our strategic transformation, but we will end future investments in our network switching product line, while still fully supporting existing products and customers. Since my return, we have exited seven businesses, providing in excess of $1.5 billion in savings. We are also well underway to integrating AXG into CCG and DCAI, respectively, to drive a more effective go-to-market capability, accelerating the scale of these businesses while further reducing costs. While it was important to focus on what we are doing to address the current macro uncertainty, it is also important to highlight that despite disappointing financial results, calendar year 2022 did see considerable progress towards our transformation. We remain fully committed to executing to our strategy to deliver leadership products, anchored on open and secure platforms, powered by at-scale manufacturing and supercharged by our people. Success starts with our people and execution follows culture. In calendar year 2022, we took important strides to rebuild the leadership team, promoting from within and adding fresh perspectives from the outside. This includes the Board of Directors, with the addition of Lip-Bu Tan and Barbara Novick, both of whom have already made significant contributions and the appointment of Frank Yeary as Chair. In addition, a year ago, we reestablished OKRs to drive accountability and transparency across the organization, and we reintroduced TikTok 2 to establish a rigorous methodology of design and product development. Both are key spark plugs to our execution engine. Rebuilding the culture has begun to show benefits in manufacturing and design. Our progress against our TV road map continue to improve throughout calendar year 2022 and every quarter, our confidence grows. We are at/or ahead of our goal of 5 nodes in four years. Intel 7 is now in high-volume manufacturing for both client and server. On Intel 4, we are ready today for manufacturing, and we look forward to the Meteor Lake ramp in second half of the year. Intel 3 continues to show great health and is on track. Intel 4 and 3 are our first nodes deploying EUV, and will represent a major step forward in terms of transistor performance per watt and density. On Intel 20A and Intel 18A, the first nodes to benefit from RibbonFETs and PowerVia, internal test chips and those of a major potential foundry customer have taped out with the silicon running in the fab. We continue to be on track to regain transistor performance and power performance leadership by 2025. Progress in [TD] (ph) continues to be validated by our IFS pipeline. I am happy that we were able to add a leading cloud edge and data center solutions provider as a leading edge customer for Intel 3 including prior customers such as MediaTek, we now have lifetime deal value of greater than $4 billion for IFS. We also have an active pipeline engagements with seven out of the 10 largest foundry customers coupled with consistent pipeline growth to include 43 potential customers and ecosystem partner test chips. Additionally, we continue to make progress on Intel 18A, and I've already shared the engineering release of PDK0.5 with our lead customers and expect to have the final production release in the next few weeks. In addition, we are working hard to complete the Tower acquisition, which will further amplify our momentum as our foundry business becomes even more compelling to customers. On the product front, the PRQ of Sapphire Rapids in Q3 and the formal introduction of our fourth gen Xeon scalable CPU and Xeon CPU MAX series better known to many of you as Sapphire Rapids and Sapphire Rapids HBM, respectively, on January 10 was a great milestone. It was particularly satisfying to host a customer-centered event, including testimonials from Dell, Google Cloud, HPE, Lenovo, Microsoft Azure and NVIDIA, among many others. We are thrilled to be ramping production to meet a strong backlog of demand, and we are on track to ship 1 million units by midyear. In addition, as part of AXG moves into DCAI, it is noteworthy that our Intel Flex series optimized for and showing clear leadership in media stream density and visual quality is now shifting initial deployments with large CSPs and MNCs, enabling large-scale cloud gaming and media delivery deployments. Our DCAI road map only improves from here. Emerald Rapids is sampling and has completed power on with top OEM and CSP customers, and it remains on track to launch in the second half of 2023. Granite Rapids, our next performance core addition to the Xeon portfolio is on track to launch in 2024, running multiple operating systems across many different configurations. Further, our first efficient core product, Sierra Forest is also on track for 2024. Lastly, it is appropriate to continue to highlight PSG for its standout performance delivering record Q4 revenue up 42% year-on-year. We are planning to have a more fulsome look at our progress in DCAI at our next investor webinar later in Q1. Stay tuned for the invitation. In CCG, we continue to build on our market share momentum across the PC stack by focusing on delivering leadership products with our broad open ecosystem. I'm particularly pleased that our clear performance leadership at the high end drove record client ASPs in the quarter. In Q4, the 13th Gen Intel Core desktop processor family, codename, Raptor Lake, became available, starting with the desktop K processors and the Intel Z790 chipset. In partnership with ASUS, we officially set a new world record for overclocking, pushing the 13th Gen Intel Core past the 9 gigahertz barrier for the first time ever. Hands down, we provide desktop enthusiasts and gamers with the best processors and features for overclocking in the PC industry. We also introduced our notebook Raptor Lake family at CES, including the world's fastest notebook CPU and the first 24 cores. We look forward to ramping the more than 300 mobile design wins we have already secured in the first half of 2023. Meteor Lake, our first disaggregated CPU built on Intel 4, remains on track for the second half of the year. And with Meteor Lake progressing well, it's now appropriate to look forward to Lunar Lake, which is on track for production readiness in 2024, having taped out its first silicon. Lunar Lake is optimized for ultra-low power performance, which will enable more of our PC partners to create ultra-thin and light systems for mobile users. In addition, as we outlined on our webinar, we are excited by the strength of the Evo brand. The introduction of Unison for leadership multi-device experience as we ramp the more than 60 design wins and the uniqueness of vPro in the enterprise market, helping our customers drive an almost 200% return on investment by deploying vPro platforms to their end users. Lastly, as consumer graphics reintegrate into CCG, enthusiasm for our latest Alchemist-based discrete graphics products continue to build and we expect volume ramp throughout the year. Turning to NEX and Mobileye. Both businesses have performed well in Q4 and calendar year 2022, partially insulated by some of the market forces impacting PCs and server. NEX hit the key product milestones with Mount Evans, Raptor Lake P&S, and Alder Lake N and Sapphire Rapids to drive a second consecutive year of double-digit year-on-year growth in calendar year 2022. We expect market share gains and outperformance to continue in 2023. Mobileye increased revenue by almost 60% year-on-year in Q4 and is on a solid growth path for calendar year 2023. Calendar year 2022 design wins, including supervision, are projected to generate future revenue of approximately $6.7 billion across 64 million units. In addition, our manufacturing organization performed well throughout calendar year 2022. Starting the year, navigating the worst supply-constrained environment in over 20 years, only to have to pivot in Q2 to respond to rapidly changing demand signals, which are now driving near-term under-loading in our factory network. More importantly, we continue to push forward with the next phase of IBM 2.0 creating an internal foundry, evolving our systems business practices and culture to establish a leadership cost structure. This new approach is already gaining momentum internally. As a reminder, the internal foundry model will place our BUs in a similar economic footing as external IFS customers, and will allow our manufacturing group and BUs to be more agile, make better decisions and uncover efficiency and cost savings. We have identified nine different subcategories for operational improvement that our teams will aggressively pursue. In addition to establishing better incentives, this new approach will provide transparency on our financial execution, allowing us to better benchmark ourselves against other foundries and drive to best-in-class performance. We'll also provide improved transparency to our owners as we expect to share full internal foundry P&L in calendar year 2024. Ultimately, allowing you to better judge how we are allocating your capital and creating value. We expect additional efficiencies as we implement our internal foundry model, which is a key element to accomplish our $8 billion to $10 billion of cost savings exiting 2025, as we outlined on our last call. I want to remind everyone that, we are on a multi-year journey. We remain focused on the things that are within our control as we navigate short-term headwinds, while executing to our long-term strategy. While I remain sober that, we have a long way to achieve our financial expectations, I am pleased with the transformation progress that we are making. I can tell you, in addition to obviously focusing on the day-to-day running of the company we continue to examine numerous additional value-creating initiatives for 2023 as we always do. We will update you as we move along on any we deem appropriate. Rest assured, we remain committed to creating value for our owners and to delivering the long-term strategic road map we laid out at the beginning of this journey, and we are confident in our ability to do so. We will, one, deliver on five nodes in four years, achieving process performance parity in 2024 and unquestioned leadership by 2025 with Intel 18A. Two, execute on an aggressive Sapphire Rapids ramp, introduce Emerald Rapids in second half 2023 and Granite Rapids and Sierra Forest in 2024. Three, ramp Meteor Lake in second half 2023 and PRQ Lunar Lake in 2024, and four, expand our IFS customer base to include large design wins on Intel 16, Intel 3 and 18A this year. We also need to improve our cost structure and drive operational efficiency. On this front, we will, one, return to profitability and deliver the benefits of our calendar year 2023, 2024 and 2025 efforts to reduce costs and drive efficiencies. Two, execute on our internal foundry P&L by 2024. And three, expand on the use of our smart capital strategy to leverage multiple pools of capital, including SCIPs and Chips in the US and Europe to balance our long-term capacity aspirations with near-term realities. Before I turn it over to Dave, I'm going to close by saying, we take our commitments to all our stakeholders extremely seriously and ultimately, we strive to create value for each of them. For our customers, it is rebuilding our execution engine to provide a predictable cadence of best-in-class products to support their ambitions. For our employees is to provide them with the opportunity to develop and bring to market world-changing technologies. It is what inspires each of us inside of the company. For our external owners is to make thoughtful, deliberate decisions around capital allocation, which drives the highest return on investment we make with your capital. Our ambitions are equaled by our passion, and our efforts across manufacturing, design, products and foundry are well on their way to driving our transformation and creating the flywheel, which is IBM 2.0.
David Zinsner: Thank you, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We saw solid business execution in the fourth quarter despite persistent macroeconomic headwinds impacting the semiconductor industry. As Pat indicated, we expect challenging macro conditions to continue through at least the first half of the year. As outlined last quarter, we'll continue to prioritize investments critical to our transformation, prudently and aggressively managed expenses near-term and drive fundamental improvements in our cost structure longer term. We're executing well towards our $3 billion target in 2023 and $8 billion to $10 billion exiting 2025. Fourth quarter revenue was $14 billion, landing at the low end of our range and down 8% sequentially. Revenue from DCAI and NEX were in line with expectations, while CCG was impacted by softening demand for PCs. Gross margin for the quarter was 44%, slightly better than we had expected for the low end of our revenue range. Q4 gross margins were impacted 220 basis points from factory underload charges, offsetting a sequential 170 basis point benefit from an insurance settlement. EPS for the quarter was $0.10. $0.10 below our guide on lower revenue and increased inventory reserves. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $7.7 billion. Net CapEx was $4.6 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of $3.1 billion and we paid dividends of $1.5 billion. We finished FY 2022 with revenue of $63.1 billion, gross margin of 47.3% and EPS of $1.84. We generated $15.4 billion of cash from operations and an adjusted free cash flow of approximately negative $4 billion at the low end of the range we provided last quarter, despite approximately $3 billion of capital incentives that shifted from Q4 into 2023. When we spoke at Investor Day last February, we forecasted revenue of $76 billion and adjusted free cash flow of negative $1 billion to $2 billion for FY 2022. As macroeconomic conditions deteriorated at a rapid pace in second half of 2022, we committed to optimizing the areas of the business within our control. Through reductions in spending and significant working capital improvements, we offset a $13 billion reduction to revenue expectations to come within $2 billion of our initial adjusted free cash flow guide, while still making the needed capital investments in support of our IDM 2.0 strategy, and to position ourselves for long-term growth in a market expected to reach $1 trillion by 2030. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investment balances of more than $28 billion, modest leverage and a strong investment-grade profile. Moving to fourth quarter business unit results. CCG revenue was $6.6 billion, a decline of 36% year-over-year as PC TAM deteriorated faster than expected due to macroeconomic headwinds. Customer inventory remains elevated beyond our previous expectations and will continue to burn into the first half of 2023. CCG realized record CPU ASPs, up 11% year-over-year as we continue to see relative strength in our premium segments driven by leadership performance and attractive features of our Evo and vPro platforms. Q4 operating profit was $0.7 billion, down year-over-year on lower revenue and increased Intel 7 product mix. DCAI revenue was $4.3 billion in Q4, up 2% sequentially, with higher ASPs offsetting demand softness and down 33% year-over-year, driven by TAM contraction and competitive pressure. DCAI operating profit for the fourth quarter was $371 million. While still under satisfactory, profit was up more than $350 million sequentially on reduced factory costs. Operating profit was down substantially year-over-year, impacted by lower revenue, increased advanced node start-up costs and higher product costs. Within DCAI, PSG achieved record Q4 revenue, up 42% year-over-year, along with record full year revenue, up 29% year-over-year, through increased ASPs, improved external supply and strength in the infrastructure segment. PSG enters 2023 with still significant unfulfilled backlog. NEX quarterly revenue was $2.1 billion, down 1% year-over-year, as declining global GDP impacted the Edge business, offsetting growth in Xeon network CPUs and the ramp of our Mounts Evans infrastructure processing unit. Despite second half macro headwinds, NEX set another full year record revenue at $8.9 billion, up 11% year-over-year and marking consecutive years of double-digit revenue growth. Operating profit was $58 million in the fourth quarter, down on mix shift to lower-margin segments and higher factory start-up costs. AXG achieved record quarterly revenue of $247 million, up 34% sequentially and up 1 point year-over-year, supported by the launch of Sapphire Rapids HBM. Operating loss was $441 million, down $63 million sequentially, with inventory valuations negatively impacted by softer demand, especially for crypto processors. Mobileye delivered another record revenue quarter of $565 million, up 26% sequentially and growth of more than $200 million and 59% year-over-year. Full year revenue of $1.9 billion was also a record for Mobileye, growing 35% year-over-year. Fourth quarter operating income of $210 million represents 71% growth year-over-year. IFS achieved record quarterly revenue of $319 million, up 87% sequentially and 30% year-over-year on increased automotive shipments. Operating loss was $31 million, a $72 million improvement sequentially on higher revenue. We continue to reshape the company to drive to world-class product costs and operational efficiency. We remain committed to the $3 billion of 2023 cost savings outlined on our Q3 earnings call, while mindfully protecting the investments needed to accelerate our transformation and ensure we are well positioned for long-term market growth. Before turning to Q1 guidance, let me take a moment to discuss an accounting change that will impact our results beginning in the first quarter. Effective January 2023, we increased the estimated useful life of certain production machinery and equipment from five years to eight years. This change better reflects the demonstrated economic value of our machinery and equipment over time and is more aligned with the business model changes inherent to our IDM 2.0 strategy. The growth of the IFS deal pipeline will extend the life of manufacturing nodes beyond what was practical within IDM 1.0. Disaggregated CPU architecture allows performance and cost optimization for each chiplet better leveraging older nodes. And we are optimizing our core business around more sustainable capacity quarters to improve equipment utilization and maximize ROIC. The change will be applied prospectively beginning Q1 2023. When compared to the estimated useful life in place as of the end of 2022, we expect total depreciation expense in 2023 to reduce by roughly $4.2 billion. An approximate $2.6 billion increase to gross profit, a $400 million decrease in R&D expense and a $1.2 billion decrease in ending inventory values. This change will not be counted towards the $3 billion short-term or $8 billion to $10 billion long-term structural cost improvements we committed last quarter, and is intended to provide the most accurate reflection of company financial results to our owners. Now turning to guidance. For Q1, we expect first quarter revenue of $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion. In addition to continued macro headwinds, we expect customers will burn inventory at a meaningfully faster pace than the prior few quarters in response to macro TAM softness impacting CCG, DCAI and the x lines of business. We see potential for market conditions to improve faster than typical seasonality as third-party data shows macro headwinds easing in the second half of the year. While we're progressing toward a $3 billion spending reduction with significant austerity across the company, given the fixed cost nature of our business, we expect the sequential revenue decline will result in negative operating margin in the first quarter. We're forecasting gross margin of 39%, a tax rate of 30% and EPS of negative $0.15 at the midpoint of revenue guidance, inclusive of $350 million to $500 million of operating margin benefit from the useful life accounting change, split approximately 75% to cost of sales and 25% to OpEx. Factory underload charges are projected to impact Q1 gross margin by 400 basis points. We continue to evaluate all investments and will remain laser-focused on optimizing for ROI, adjusting for market conditions across operating expenses and capital assets. While we're not providing guidance beyond Q1, I'll touch on a few elements of our outlook. At Investor Day, we noted that during the investment phase of IDM 2.0 from 2022 through 2024, our model was to operate at approximately 35% net capital intensity. For FY 2023, despite the lower revenue level, we expect to be at or below the 35% model. Embedded in our assumptions are capital offsets of around 20% to 30% of growth CapEx including our innovative SCIP partnership with Brookfield. We expect FY 2023 operating expenses of under $20 billion, a roughly 10% year-over-year decline, consistent with committed cost-cutting measures totaling $2 billion, adjusting for the depreciation change. Adjusted free cash flow will be below our Investor Day guide of approximately neutral in the first half of 2023 and return back towards guardrails in second half 2023. In closing, we remain committed to the strategy and long-term financial model we laid out at Investor Day last year. The opportunity for strong revenue growth across our business unit portfolio and free cash flow at 20% of revenue remains. While we're not satisfied with near-term results, this market downturn represents an opportunity to accelerate the transformation necessary to achieve our long-term goals. I look forward to providing updates on our transformation journey as the year progresses. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. We will now move into the Q&A portion of our call. As a reminder, we ask each caller to ask one question and a brief follow-up question where applicable. With that, Jonathan, can we please take the first caller?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for let me ask a question. I guess, Dave, to hit on some of the revenue questions or items you just said, do you expect the first quarter to be the bottom in absolute dollars through the year? And any color between the segments? It seems like it's exceedingly a CCG problem right now in the quarter, or is it broader than that?
David Zinsner: Yeah. So you want to go first?
Pat Gelsinger: No.
David Zinsner: So let me -- I'll start, and Pat’s going to add some color. So on the $11 billion, we're expecting most of the business units to be down sequentially, double digits. We're not going to provide guidance for the rest of the year. But I did say that the first half is likely to be seeing these inventory corrections. The other thing I would just add is maybe color to position the year is that we're expecting Q1 to be the most significant inventory decline at our customers that we've seen in recent history. So it's -- if you look back over the last four or five quarters of reduction, this will be meaningfully higher than all of those quarters. So, obviously, that is impacting the Q1 outlook.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And clearly, as we look at Q1, affected by macro significant inventory adjustments, and that's affecting clearly clients but also data center as well. And we do see that year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter data center to be down as well. And we think that's a macro statement across all segments across cloud, enterprise, government and uniquely China. Part of our more positive expectation for the second half of the year is clearly from our customers and what we've heard from them but also with expected some level of recovery from China as well. So overall, clearly, a major inventory correction cycle and coming after back-to-school and how do they refresh our customers clearly wanting to take more aggressive steps as they adjust. But that inventory adjustment is well below their sell-out rates. So for that, we do believe that we will see recovery as they have made those inventory adjustments, and we'll see the business be stronger as we go through the year.
David Zinsner: Ross, do you have a follow-up?
Ross Seymore: I do. Quickly, Dave, I want to pivot to the gross margin side of things, excluding the change in the depreciable life side of the equation, I know revenue is the biggest headwind right now. But you had talked at the Investor Day last year about a 51% to 53% gross margin range and you want to operate within those bands. What does it take to get back to that? Is there a revenue level? Do you have to be above $17 billion, $18 billion? Are there offsets, any framework you can give to give investors confidence that we never thought we'd see a three handle on your gross margin. And so we really want to know what it's going to take to get back to a five handle. And if that's significantly changed from the last framework that you provided us?
David Zinsner: Yeah, good question. So, obviously, revenue is the most significant impact to gross margins. We obviously did not expect to be down at these levels. That said, it's a function of some significant inventory burn. So it's not necessarily a reflection of the demand in the market. So, obviously, we would expect that to ever at some point, which will be a significant lift to the gross margins. The other thing is, in the first quarter, we're going to have about a 400 basis point impact on our gross margins just from under loading, because of the demand softness. And we would expect loadings to improve once we get past the inventory correction we're currently experiencing. In addition to that, we have a number of initiatives underway to improve gross margins, and we're well underway. When you look at the $3 billion reduction that we talked about for 2023, $1 billion of that is in cost of sales, and we're well underway on our way to getting that $1 billion. And then when you start click it further into the $8 billion to $10 billion that we want to hit by the end of 2025, about 66% of that, two-third of that is cost of sales improvement. And we're getting a lot of that from our internal foundry model that Pat mentioned. We're already seeing significant opportunities to be efficient – more efficient between our business units and our factories. And I think we'll have a lot of things to say over the course of this year about areas that we see meaningful improvement. Also, we have smart capital that was modest in 2022, it's going to be more significant in 2023 and much of that smart capital does translate to a better cost structure for us that will help gross margin. So net of that, I feel very confident we will get back to 51% to 53% in the medium term. And in the long term, I feel very confident we will get back to 54% to 58%. And I think Pat said it in the past, we aim to beat that range.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Ross. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious, how many weeks of PC microprocessor inventory is still in the channel? I'm trying to understand, whether the demand assumptions are not what they should be, right, or is it the supply assumptions? So when you say that, the consumption this year will be $270 million, right, which is the low end. How do we know that for sure? What if the consumption rate is much lower than that? So just how many weeks of PC microprocessor inventory is there? And do you think Q1 is that clearing quarter, or you think even in Q2, you could be shipping below consumption levels?
Pat Gelsinger: So overall, as we said, we saw the range $270 million, $295 million. We believe the sell-through rate will be to the lower end of that. The consumption that we saw in Q4 was well below that, and the consumption rate or the sell-in rate in Q1 is even more significantly almost 2x more significant below the consumption rate. Obviously, these are the macro effects that we can't predict, and that's what's taken us a bit more to the low end of the range. But clearly, as we've been working with our customers and channel partners, we've been monitoring very carefully the sellout that they've seen. So we're pretty comfortable with that range. Also, we would point to China and a very unique circumstance there as is well known. And we do expect that, there'll be some level of economic recovery there, particularly we forecasted in the second half of the year. And this is a topic that we continue to work closely with our customers. That said, overall, and as we updated on our PC webinar, we do expect that the long-term market is in the 300 million unit range. So as we overcome this inventory adjustment cycle, and some of this near-term economic. And I think as you heard from Microsoft, PC usage is up, , the number of hours per PC continues to be up. The installed base has gone up. So all of those factors give us reasonable confidence that post this period of inventory correction that will have a very healthy $300 million unit plus or minus market that we're selling into.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a follow-up question?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you, John. And thank you, Pat. Second question is on the data center. Historically, the semiconductor market likes incumbency, and there is only a share shift if and when the incumbent messes up. And right now, your competitor seems to be becoming a larger incumbent in a lot of cloud deployments, doesn't seem to be messing up. Doesn't it make it harder to displace them? I'm just curious that what edge do you think Intel has to change the status quo of share shift in cloud server? Do you think your design will get noticeably better? Is it architecture? Is it manufacturing? What helps you specifically to change this current momentum of share shift in cloud servers, specifically? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And I think the most important thing is what we just did with Sapphire Rapids, right? Our customers were anxious for a great product from Intel. Obviously, we would have liked it to be earlier, as we had initially estimated, but we are now shipping a very high-quality product with significant areas of leadership in areas like AI performance, power performance, security feature function, high-performance computing workflows that are 5x the competition and features in areas like confidential computing and security that are quite differentiated from anything in the marketplace. Obviously, share shift, right, particularly in the data center space, these designs were one a year ago, right, or two years ago. And so it takes some amount of time. And against that, we're seeing a very strong outlook for Sapphire Rapids ramp through the year, as I said, 1 million units in the middle of the year, so very strong demand from our customers. And the other thing, as we've indicated, is have we rewon our customers' confidence that they could bet on our road map. And Emerald Rapids, looking very healthy for later this year. Granite Rapids and Sierra Forest looking very healthy for next year. And all of those, I believe, are rebuilding our customers' confidence. And I believe with that, given the massive incumbency that Intel has, and I would just emphasize that even though we have seen the share shift in recent sell-in, the installed base is Intel, right? There's an enormous on some -- many of the cloud customers, 95-plus percent of their installed base is Intel that gives us a very strong incumbency that we get to renew as we rebuild our customers' confidence. So as you put all of those things together, yes, we realize that we stumble, right? We lost share. We lost momentum. We think that stabilizes this year, and we're going to be building a road map that allows us to regain leadership for the long term in this critical market.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Vivek. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question, please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Dave, I had a question on CapEx. I know you don't want to guide for the full year, but you did say that 20% to 30% of the gross CapEx, whatever the number is this year, is going to be sets. I know you don't have a lot of visibility on the chips money you're going to get. But it seems like, best case, revenue is going to be in the mid-50s roughly. And if I take a little less than 35% of that, because you said that it's still going to be 35% or less, that will be the net CapEx intensity. And I sort of divide the numbers, it implies a gross CapEx number, something in the range of $20 billion, give or take. Can you sort of help us just handicap that number?
David Zinsner: Yes. So let me see if I can -- obviously, we're trying to avoid guiding beyond the first quarter given the murkiness. I would just say we are very focused on the appropriate level of investment necessary for the long-term strategy of IDM 2.0, while being very thoughtful around how much CapEx we spend to manage our free cash flow. I think Smart Capital offsets will be pretty healthy this year, much better than last year. Partly, that's because we'll be fully along with SCIPs 1 with our partnership with Brookfield. We are expecting grant incentives to be a part of this year's Smart Capital offsets. And so those -- and then lastly, we do have already in place, the investment tax credit, which could have some benefit to us this year. So certainly, Smart Capital will be healthy, but we are being very prudent around our gross capital spend through the year. And we'll -- as we kind of progress through the year, we'll see how things develop, and we'll -- you can expect us to manage it accordingly. I think most importantly, we -- we did not expect to be at this revenue level, obviously, for 2023 when we talked about this, net CapEx intensity of 35%. And yet we still maintain the discipline to stay at or below that 35% for the year. And I think that's what investors should take away from that message.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Also, I'd just add, we do and Dave sort of implied it, but we do expect to do SCIP 2 this year as well, which is another source and also the credit center clearly there's motivation on the part of commerce to get that underway and the rules making in place in the near future and start to dispense funds this year. Also, I'd point to Europe as well. So it's EU chips as well as US chip. So all of those efforts are part of Smart Capital for us. We do believe that we'll have the capital necessary to meet both our near-term but more importantly, the strategic long-term investments. And that's what we say we're on track with IDM 2.0. We're on track with the capital, the builds that allow us to restore leadership in our process technology as well as have the factory capacity to both deliver that for our products as well as for our foundry customers.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri: I do, John. Dave, can you just sort of walk through maybe some of the gross margin puts and takes. I know that, again, you don't want to guide for the full year. But -- can you just help us think about what some of the puts and takes might be? I mean, obviously, as volumes grow, that will help gross margin. But are there any other puts and takes that you would sort of call out for us? Thanks.
David Zinsner: Yes. I think clearly, revenue is going to be the most significant driver of gross margins. We're a high fixed cost model. So we suffer the consequence of that, obviously, when revenue is declining, but we also get the benefit when revenue is expanding. And so what will -- what is currently a headwind does turn to a tailwind as the business recovers. The second most significant impact we have is the underload charges. So that's 400 basis points or so this quarter. And we'll make a determination as to what loading makes sense for the second quarter as we get closer to the second quarter. But we're doing this to be appropriate in terms of our management of cash flow. But again, as business conditions adjust, we will start loading the fab at a higher rate, and that will improve gross margins. I think beyond that, it really is around a lot of the cost initiatives we have underway. It's the $3 billion for 2023, and it's the $8 billion to $10 billion improvement over the course of the next few years that really will help drive the costs and drive the gross margins beyond just revenue and loadings.
John Pitzer: Thanks Tim. Jonathan, can we have the next question please?
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
C.J. Muse: Thank you for taking the question. Another question on CapEx. I guess bigger picture, can you speak to your CapEx philosophy in a slower demand environment? Is it finding the right number to fit a free cash flow model, or are you looking at your overall demand picture and saying, we need X minus Y wafer starts, and that's why we can spend less. Would love to get a sense of how the slowdown here is potentially changing or potentially not your strategy of spending? And if it's not, is it just simply delaying investments into 2024 and 2025? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thanks, C.J. I'll start and ask Dave to jump in. We think about the capital budget with two lenses in mind, right? One is the strategic lens. Am I going to get back to leadership at 20A and 18A? Yes, am I going to make the capital investments required to do that? Absolutely. To some degree, do we scrub those? Could we look hard at those? Where can we save tens or hundreds of millions of dollars on those? Yes, we will. But we're not going to diminish from the capital required for strategic leadership for the long-term. So strategic capital, largely unchanged. The second bucket, of course, I'll just call it, capacity capital, right, and adjusting to the near-term ebb and flows of the business requirement. And, obviously, in this macro environment, that's been adjusted meaningfully downward and we're finding everywhere we can to squeeze our existing capacity more effectively to be more aggressive in terms of how we work with our equipment suppliers in those areas and doing everything we can to minimize the capital that's required for capacity driven requirements as well. And that's where the larger trade-offs have been. And, of course, in a business as large as ours, we have labs and buildings and everything else. We are scrubbing those like crazy as you would want us to. Dave, what else would you add?
David Zinsner: You took one of mine. Obviously, the OpEx area, yeah, is an area that we've really focused on and Pat mentioned the lab piece, which is an area -- one of the areas that we have found efficiency. And I guess the last thing is that we have seen our capital offsets be higher than our original expectation. We were planning for probably one-third of what we think we'll get in 2023 when we announced our smart capital initiative in -- at the Analyst Day. So that's obviously coming in stronger. Of course, Pat already alluded to the fact that a lot of that is -- Skip has turned out to be a pretty powerful tool, and this will enable us to do a Skip 2 this year as well, which obviously helps.
John Pitzer: C.J., do you have a follow-up?
C.J. Muse: I do a quick one. And again, I know you don't want to guide the full year, but as you look at different scenario analysis for 2023, how do you see return to positive free cash flow playing out? Is that something that could come in the second half, or that's really a 2024 event?
David Zinsner: Well, 2023, we were thinking was a breakeven free cash flow year for us back at the Analyst Day last February. Obviously, in the first half of this year, we're going to be below that model. But as we look into the back half of the year, we would expect to approach the model in 2023. And of course, 2024 is a bit away from where we are right now, but this is the thing that we spend a lot of time on. I would tell you one thing, if you look at our free cash flow for 2022, we came in roughly around minus $4 billion. If you remember in the quarter before, we forecasted that we would be somewhere between minus $2 billion and minus $4 billion. We were actually assuming a higher level of capital offsets, which is still coming, but pushed into 2023. And yet we still hit the high end of that range. And the way we did it was through working capital initiatives. So this is a big part of our strategy around managing free cash flow, is more attention to working capital. It's something that I think in the past may not have been a big focus here, but is a very big focus here. It's how we -- how our shipments are managed in terms of linearity, how we manage payments, how we manage our inventory. The fact that we're taking underload does affect the gross margins, but it also improves our cash flow, because we're spending less on variable costs. So these are areas that we think can be pretty beneficial to us and be a tailwind for us in terms of free cash flow as we progress through the year.
John Pitzer: Thanks, C.J. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your question, please.
Matt Ramsay: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. Dave, the first question, I get it a lot is, just with the challenges that you just mentioned at C.J.'s question on free cash flow. And I guess, well done to you and your team of extracting as much cash as you did out of working capital in the quarter. But I get questions about the security of the dividend all the time. And maybe that's a Board-level decision, but maybe you and Pat could address it a bit. Is that the current levels of dividend? Is that sort of a sacrosanct thing at Intel in your current operating plan? Are there discussions around it either way? Don’t shoot the messenger, it’s a question I get a ton. Thanks.
David Zinsner: Yes. Well, obviously, we announced a $0.365 dividend for the first quarter. That was consistent with the last quarter's dividend. I'd just say the Board, management, we take a very disciplined approach to the capital allocation strategy, and we're going to remain committed to being very prudent around how we allocate capital for the owners. And we are committed to maintaining a competitive dividend.
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a follow-up question?
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Thanks, guys. Thanks, John. I guess, as my follow-up question, guys, I wanted to dig into the DCAI business a little bit. And that you guys talked about, I think, the PSG or Altera being up, I don't know, 40-odd percent year-over-year, which, if you just kind of rough math, it means that the core cloud plus enterprise server business is down 40%, something like that. And so, maybe, Pat, could you walk us through what -- is that roughly right in terms of math and just where your -- how you see share loss versus ASP versus weakness in the markets in China and enterprise? Just how do you break that down for us, what operationally is happening in the server share space? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. So PSG did have a very good quarter, has a very strong backlog, continues to grow. But I'd say the math that you suggest is quite incorrect, given the relative size of those businesses. So we'll happily offline talk a little bit more through that. That said, we did -- we grew less than the market last year and saw some share loss. We see that stabilizing this year. The key factor is better products, right? And we've just released that with Sapphire Rapids and getting great response and our announcement event on January 10 was a customer-centric ramp this baby product line. We had strong participation from all the CSPs, all of the OEMs, all of the ISVs, end users. So it was seen as a very strong event. This year, we'll be very much about ramping that and we'll see the improvements in both market share position as well as ASPs as we ramp that product through the year, and the confidence in the road map. And that will be the determinant, okay, you have a better product now, great. Customers are building it on an installed base. But do we have confidence in your long-term? So I'd say we've reestablished a very credible road map. You'll see lots of news coming from us this year as we start delivering on samples, et cetera, of the next-generation products as well as the continued ramp of Sapphire Rapids with highly differentiated features and capabilities. So we feel like we've put the worst behind us, right? And we're now coming back to the front foot in this business area. And I'll say in a very customer-centric, ISV-centric way that delivers our customers the use cases that they need in their business.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Matt. Jonathan, can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Pat, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the demand environment in DCAI across cloud, enterprise and perhaps your comms customers. I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the inventory correction in enterprise being ahead of cloud. So do those comments kind of imply that going forward, cloud could -- the demand there could moderate or decline as we progress through the year, or if you can expand on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Great. Great. Thank you, Toshi. The -- what we said, clearly that we did see demand softening through the year in data center overall. That's a market statement. Obviously, we have more exposure to enterprise in China, which we believe weakened our position a little bit more in the year, but we're seeing those same characteristics now with the cloud providers as well. So we see all of them weaker in the first half of the year. We are, I'll say, a touch optimistic that China will come back and enterprise will come back more rapidly than the cloud. And with our stronger exposure in those segments, we believe that is a potential good news for us as we go through the year relative to competition. The networking space is one where we have very sustained leadership and strength in areas like vRAN and O-RAN are ones that our platform is dramatically better than competitors. And with that strong market share through the year, we also expect some level of softening there in those in the networking area, but not as much as some of the other segments that we would have. First half of the year, we expect to be down year-on-year in the second half of the year to returning to growth. So inventory adjustments, a weaker market in first half, recovery in the second half of the year is what we expect. Overall, and obviously, the relative position, we believe that we have is stabilizing and the markets that we're stronger in, we're optimistic that they'll come back a little bit stronger as we go through the year.
John Pitzer: Toshiya, do you have a follow-up?
Toshiya Hari: I do. Thanks, John. Pat, you also talked about your focus and commitment toward value creation, you mentioned how you guys are pulling future investments from the switching business. As you look across your portfolio as of today. I think to your point, you've done quite a lot since coming back. Like where is the incremental opportunity as you think about improving the portfolio going forward and creating value? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I'll just say here without being too specific and some of these things are under evaluation, discussion with customers and the best way to handle it. We're doing a thorough analysis across the portfolio. And I would say we are looking at every aspect of the portfolio, where we're getting good returns, where we're not. And we're making decision after decision to optimize the portfolio. And as you say, we haven't been hesitant to make those decisions inside the back. And we have a few more that we're looking carefully at. But we're also looking at every area of the business. Dave suggested in his comments, hey, can we do a better job with our line? Could we do a better job with our building assets? We've also discussed as part of the internal foundry model that we're making major steps to improve our automation and ERP efficiency to run the company more. Some of our people actions. We've been very scrutinizing and benchmarking ourselves against best-in-class in every aspect of how we run the business. So one-by-one, we're saying we're going to be world-class as measured by benchmarks in these areas and all the business areas that we're in, we believe they're strategically important and yielding good results with our shareholders' investments.
John Pitzer: Thanks Toshiya. Jonathan, we have time for one last question please.
Operator: Certainly. Then our final question for today comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. We’re going to talk about the reception you're seeing with Sapphire Rapids. And in particular, it seems like it's a really good chip. But I think the price at the platform level is getting more expensive, DDR5 is more expensive. What's it like right now migrating to a more expensive platform and environment or budgets are under pressure, does that change the ramp relative to other CPUs that you have?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. And you are touching on a very important issue, the memory. And obviously, the memory pricing for DDR4 has collapsed, right, and making that pricing gap versus DDR5 very visible currently. That said, customers don't buy these platforms on memory prices. They buy them on TCO, right? The total cost of the operations that they get for the performance as they put them into operations. So memory price is one piece of that. But I'd also say DDR prices are expected to decline as we go through DDR5 price and the gap to DDR4 is widely forecast to decline, and that gap will diminish as we go through the year. However, right, you contrast that to the significant performance capability. And in some areas like AI, we're seeing five to 6x performance benefits. And when you put that into a TCO calculation, it's overwhelmingly positive. Security is not measured on TCO. It's measured on absolute statements of security and confidential computing. So overall, we are driving this ramp very aggressively through the year. We have strong demand of customers. We're ramping our factories quickly. And we do believe that we'll have a strong ramp of the Sapphire Rapids platform as we go through the year.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a quick follow-up?
Joseph Moore: Yeah. I also just wanted to touch on, I mean, you mentioned the migration of the AXG business into DCAI and CCG. Is that -- is there a change there in any of the priorities, or is it just a restructuring of where those businesses reside?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. It's a restructuring of where the businesses reside. And as we move past this, I'll say, launch phase of those products. And we're now into the scale phase of those product lines. And for instance, discrete graphics, driving the attach rate and channel motions with our enormous client business. In the data center, bringing a broader portfolio across HPC, our Flex product line, the AI capabilities that we have that we're uniquely delivering through data center. So all of this is about is the efficiency and scale of those business areas. And we've been having numerous discussions with our customers about these changes, and they have been very well received. And I'd say all the products that we launched out of AXG, the Flex product line, the discrete graphics product line, the MAX product lines. All of those products are continuing forward, and we believe all of those will have strong ramps in their volumes, revenues and market impact as we go through the year. So with that, let me just wrap up our time together. First, thank you. We're grateful for you joining us today, the opportunity that you've given us to update you on our business. And clearly, the financials aren't what we would hope for. But we're also pleased with the execution progress we made. And as a result, we're confident in the strategic outlook that we have for our business. Though the macro is difficult. It was difficult in Q4. We expect it to remain difficult as we go through the first half of the year, but we're laser focused on controlling the things that we can and every aspect of our execution, cost management and transformation is in our hands and we are well underway in executing against those paths. So with that, we look forward to seeing many of you throughout the quarter, updating you on our progress next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Pitzer: Thank you, operator. By now, you should have received a copy of the Q3 earnings release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our investor website, intc.com. For those joining us online today, the earnings presentation is also available in our webcast window. I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, David Zinsner. In a moment, we will hear brief comments from both followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. As such, it does involve risks and uncertainties. Our press release provides more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We have also provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures this quarter, and we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings release and earnings presentation include full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me turn things over to Pat.
Patrick Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Despite growing economic headwinds, Q3 revenue was flat sequentially and only modestly below the midpoint of our guidance. In June, we were one of the first companies to highlight an abrupt and pronounced slowdown in demand, which has brought and beyond our initial expectations and is now having an industry-wide impact across the electronic supply chain. We are adjusting our Q4 outlook, and we are planning for the economic uncertainty to persist into 2023. While we are not satisfied with our results, we remain laser-focused on controlling what we can, and we are pleased that our PC share stabilized in Q2 and is now showing meaningful [Audio Gap] improvement in Q3. Our service share, while not where we want it to be, is tracking in line with our expectations, and we are encouraged by good execution in the quarter against our product roadmap. In addition, we are intensifying our cost reduction and efficiency efforts, and we are aggressively moving into the next phase of IDM 2.0 geared to unlocking the full potential of the IDM advantage. This afternoon, I will focus my comments in three areas: one, the key trends and dynamics that shape Q3 and are informing our outlook; two, the progress we are making on IDM 2.0, including our momentum on process and product road maps and our recent announcement that we are implementing an internal foundry model; and three, the actions underway to drive cost savings and efficiency gains aimed at accelerating our transformation. Specific to trends we are seeing, along with further deterioration in consumer PC demand in Q3, enterprise demand has begun to slow. We expect PC units to decline mid- to high teens to approximately 295 million units in calendar year '22. Our own Q3 results reflect a strong product portfolio with Raptor Lake building on Alder Lake's momentum as well as working closely with customers to optimize their inventory, our market share and business objectives. We are still shipping below PC consumption and the inventory correction continued in Q3, but not as quickly as we forecasted. Importantly, however, PC usage remains strong, demonstrating the increased utility and value of the PC and ultimately supporting a TAM well above pre-pandemic levels. We are targeting a calendar year '23 PC unit TAM of between 270 million and 295 million units with a strong brand and product line driving additional share, especially at premium ASPs. The data center TAM is holding up better, although enterprise in China continue to show signs of weakness as to some but not all cloud customers. Across our infrastructure and industrial exposed businesses, NEX demand was very solid, though not immune from the weakening economy. PSG continues to be a true standout with record Q3 revenue, up over 25% year-over-year. PSG backlog is robust, and it continues to be an area where we are supply chain-limited. Despite the challenging business environment, we made solid progress toward our long-term transformation in Q3, and we remain fully committed to using the macro uncertainty to accelerate our efforts. Each quarter, our confidence grows in achieving our goal of five nodes in four years. On Intel 4, we are progressing towards a high-volume manufacturing and will tape out the production stepping at Meteor Lake in Q4. The first stepping of Granite Rapids is out of the fab, yielding well with Intel 3 continuing to progress on schedule. Intel 4 and 3 are our first nodes deploying EUV and will represent a major step forward in terms of transistor performance per watt and density. On Intel 20A and 18A, the first nodes to benefit from RibbonFET and PowerVia our first internal test chips, and those of a major potential foundry customer have taped out with silicon running in the fab. We continue to be on track to regain transistor performance and power performance leadership by 2025. IFS is a major beneficiary of our TD progress, and we are excited to welcome NVIDIA to the RAMP-C program, which enables both commercial foundry customers and the U.S. Department of Defense to take advantage of Intel's at scale investments in leading-edge technologies. Since Q2, IFS has expanded engagements to seven out of the 10 largest foundry customers, coupled with consistent pipeline growth to include 35 customer test chips. In addition, IFS increased qualified opportunities by $1 billion to over $7 billion in deal value, all before we welcome the Tower team with the expected completion of the merger in Q1 '23. On the product front, we had a busy quarter. Within client, as mentioned earlier, we added to the strong Alder Lake momentum with the launch of Raptor Lake desktop in Q3, driving a more than a 40% improvement in multi-thread performance, unquestioned leadership in gaming, 6 gigahertz out of the box and record-setting overclocking. We currently have over 500 OEM design wins. We launched Intel Unison to deliver best-in-industry multidevice user experience. In addition, we saw a meaningful development progress across multiple OEM designs on Intel 4-based Meteor Lake with volume ramps in 2023. We now have all elements of the AXG portfolio in production with A770 giving our discrete graphics efforts a strong boost. The Flex family is building a strong pipeline of data center use cases, and Ponte Vecchio is now production of four HPC offerings and production blades deployed for lead customers. Combined with Sapphire Rapids and Sapphire Rapids HBM, PBC is the basis for strong traction with HPC customers like Argonne National Laboratory and Germany's Leibniz Supercomputing Centre. CSPs and telcos alike continue to move to software-based 5G, vRAN and O-RAN deployments. We announced Sapphire Rapids EE with vRAN Boost for in-line acceleration of 5G and network workloads. Edge and AI are proving a powerful combination for us with OpenVINO momentum building with customers like Chipotle, and we launched the Intel Geti computer vision software platform for RapidAI training with early customers such as Braven, Royal Brompton and Harefield hospitals. Further evidence of our AI portfolio taking shape was seen by Red Hat announcing support for Gaudi, Cnvrg.io and OpenVINO. Inspur announced Gaudi 2 with Sapphire Rapids for advanced AI use cases. Amazon will be accelerating large transform models with Gaudi instances in EC2. This was also a very strong quarter for DCAI execution. Sapphire Rapids volume SKUs have now PRQed with a high-quality leadership product and a very strong volume ramp expected. Google gave the first preview of its C3 instances showing Sapphire Rapids capabilities as well as our leadership IPU, the E3200 or Mount Evans. We also saw strong milestones in the next three generations of server products. Emerald Rapids is showing good progress and is on track for calendar year '23. Granite Rapids is very healthy running multiple operating systems across many configurations. And with Sierra Forest, our first E-core product providing world-class performance per watt are both solidly on track for '24. It's obvious, but we're stating our strategy is only as good as our execution. We have been taking aggressive action to rebuild our execution engine, driving execution excellence across our people, design and development and operations. In Q1, I discussed our return to OKRs and their importance to our culture. Last quarter, I touched upon the next evolution of our tick-tock model, or tick-tock 2, as a disciplined approach to consistent, predictable product execution. This quarter, I wanted to spend a bit of time on operational excellence and discuss our recently announced IDM 2.0 Acceleration Office, or IAO, ushering in the next phase of our IDM 2.0 strategy. During the first phase of IDM 2.0, we aggressively focused* on making the needed investments to approve our TD roadmap to regain transistor leadership and to ensure we have at scale manufacturing capacity by building ahead on shelves. Improvements in both areas now enables us to move forward with our next set of priorities, evolving our systems, business practices and culture to embrace an internal foundry model and establish a leadership cost structure. This means we will create what I like to call a new and clean API for the company by establishing consistent processes, systems and guardrails between our manufacturing teams and our business units. This will place our BUs on the same economic footing as external IFS customers and will allow our manufacturing group and BUs to be more agile, make better decisions and uncover efficiency and cost savings. We have already identified nine different subcategories for operational improvement that our teams will aggressively pursue. For example, product teams will be heavily incented to drive the high-quality A0 steppings, as they see the full cost of steppings, validation cycles, hot lots and capacity changes. Factories will move to rigorous capacity loading cycles, transparency of cost for loading changes and efficiency of capital utilization, structural and variable wafer costs. In addition to establishing better incentives, this new approach will provide transparency on our financial execution, allowing us to better benchmark ourselves against other foundries and drive to best-in-class performance. It will also provide improved transparency to our owners as we expect to share full internal foundry P&L into calendar year '24, ultimately, allowing you to better judge how we are creating value and allocating your capital. A key benefit of IDM 2.0 is to unlock our full financial potential by capturing multiple profit pools not available to any one of our peers across architecture, design, wafer manufacturing, advanced packaging, supply chain and software. These pools were only partially long-term margin targets we established at Investor Day in February. Simple math would suggest there is meaningful upside to those targets as we execute and exploit the margin-stacking potential IDM 2.0 provides best-in-class semiconductor companies achieved gross margin in the 60s and operating margins in the 40s. And we aim to be best-in-class. This next phase of IDM 2.0 is a significant evolution in how we think and operate as a company. But just as we optimize to drive outside returns in the IDM 1.0 era, we will optimize to achieve best-in-class returns in the IDM 2.0 era. It's what engineers do, and we have the best engineers on the planet. Complementing and augmenting these efforts will be an intensified focus to reduce costs and drive efficiencies in everything we do. As we stated during Q2 earnings, we have an obligation to our owners to be good stewards of your capital. We are responding to the current environment by taking aggressive actions to reduce costs across COGS and OpEx while mindfully protecting the investments needed to accelerate our transformation, ensure we are well positioned for long-term market growth. In addition to reducing near-term costs, we have also identified structural cost reductions and efficiency drivers, which Dave will outline a bit later. In aggregate, our efforts should drive $3 billion in annual savings in the near term and $8 billion to $10 billion by the end of 2025. Not captured in these estimates are the start-up costs to support five nodes in four years which will begin to subside beyond calendar year '26, adding an additional $2 billion in COGS savings. Inclusive in our efforts will be steps to optimize our headcount. These are difficult decisions affecting our loyal Intel family, but we need to balance increased investment in areas like leadership and TD product and capacity in Ohio and Germany with efficiency measures elsewhere as we drive to have best-in-class structures. We will also continue to use our smart capital approach to support and inform our capital spending aspirations, aggressively building ahead on shells while aligning equipment purchases and installs with customer demand. We continue to see skips like our partnership with Brookfield as an innovative financial structure to more closely align fab build-out costs with fab output returns. Likewise, we see U.S. and EU chips as vital to enable us to establish a geographically diverse and secure supply chain for the semiconductor industry. We are confident in reaccelerating free cash flow growth and driving industry-leading free cash flow margins, which we get through this period of economic uncertainty affecting the entire industry and our own elevated investments to accelerate our transformation. Lastly, I was particularly pleased to join the Mobileye team earlier this week in New York to witness firsthand the successful completion of their IPO, especially in a difficult market. We believe that this will help unlock Mobileye's full operational and financial potential and is an additional avenue to create value for our owners. We remain committed to optimizing our value creation efforts through portfolio honing, reallocation of resources to higher returns, higher-growth businesses, M&A and where applicable, divestitures. Before turning it over to Dave, I want to close by saying I continue to be heartened and impressed by the dedication and commitment of all of our employees by far, the most important owners of this great company. They are passionately committed like me to reestablish Intel as a dominant driver of innovation and by the opportunity to improve the lives of everyone on the planet. It was also rewarding to see that same drive and dedication in the faces of our broader developer community at Intel Innovation, the rebirth of Intel IDF in September. We are the building blocks, an enabler of their vision and aspirations, and it is our commitment to them to be great partners and collaborators. Our ambitions are equal by our passions and our efforts across manufacturing, design, products and foundry are well on their way to driving our transformation and creating the flywheel, which is IDM 2.0.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a solid third quarter despite the macroeconomic headwinds impacting the semiconductor industry. We expect these headwinds to persist and as a result, we're lowering our expectations for the fourth quarter. We will continue to be laser-focused on the things that we can control and use economic uncertainty to accelerate our transformation and drive cost cutting and efficiency gains. Moving to Q3 results. Revenue was $15.3 billion, flat sequentially and only modestly below the midpoint of our guide. Q3 revenue benefited from CCG's strength, offset by declining TAMs in DCAI and NEX. Gross margin for the quarter was 46%, below our guide, but largely in line relative to lower Q3 revenue. Q3 gross margin increased 100 basis points sequentially on lower inventory reserves. EPS was $0.59, $0.24 above our guide largely on lower-than-forecasted taxes. Adjusting for the lower tax rate, EPS would have been $0.37, $0.02 above our guide on better expense management. Operational cash flow for the quarter was $1 billion. Net CapEx for the quarter was $7.3 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $6.3 billion. And we paid dividends of $1.5 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash balances of $23 billion, modest leverage and a strong investment-grade credit profile. Turning to our business unit results. CCG revenue was $8.1 billion, up 6% sequentially, driven by higher ASPs on better mix and also benefiting from our efforts to work with customers to maximize our share position ahead of Q4 price increases. CCG revenue was down 17% year-over-year as customers continue to reduce inventory and we continue to under ship demand. Demand weakness year-over-year was most pronounced in the consumer, education and small medium business markets. Operating profit was $1.7 billion, up $570 million sequentially and down 54% year-over-year on lower revenue, increased 10-nanometer and Intel 7 mix and increased spending to further strengthen our product roadmap. DCAI revenue was $4.2 billion, down 27% year-over-year on TAM reductions and continued competitive pressures even as market share continues to track in line with our expectations. Operating profit was $17 million, below expectations and down significantly year-over-year. Profitability was impacted by lower revenue, higher advanced node start-up costs and higher product costs on transition to 10 nanometers. We also continue to invest aggressively in the product roadmap.  NEX revenue was $2.3 billion, up 14% year-over-year on increased demand for 5G, Ethernet and edge products, partially offset by lower network Xeon demand. In Q3, we started to see macro-driven demand softness and customer inventory management impact NEX. Operating profit was $75 million, down 85% year-over-year due to the impact of softer demand on inventory valuation and increased roadmap investment. AXG revenue was $185 million, up 8% year-over-year on the ramp of our Blockscale products. Operating loss was $378 million, $129 million better sequentially, but $156 million worse than year-over-year due to softer demand and product readiness impacting inventory valuation as well as increased investment to deliver the visual, supercompute and custom accelerated graphics roadmaps. Mobileye revenue was $450 million, up $124 million from Q3 2021, primarily driven by higher demand for EyeQ products. Operating income was $142 million, up $15 million from Q3 2021, primarily due to higher revenue. IFS revenue was $171 million, down 2% year-over-year, driven by automotive weakness with customers citing third-party component shortages, partially offset by growth in core foundry and IMS businesses. Operating loss was $103 million versus an operating loss of $44 million in Q3 '21 on increased spending to enable our foundry growth strategy. Turning to Q4 guidance. Given the deteriorating macro environment and based on input from our customers, we're now guiding Q4 revenue in a range of $14 billion to $15 billion with sequential decline driven by lower CCG revenue as customers reduced inventory lower NEX TAM and continued DCAI headwinds. We're forecasting gross margin of 45%, a tax rate of 14% and EPS of $0.20 at the midpoint of revenue guidance. For Q4 adjusted free cash flow, we expect to see a meaningful sequential increase driven by working capital improvements and a $2 billion reduction in net CapEx, adjusting for a lower demand environment. These benefits will be partially offset by lower revenue. And as a result, we're reducing our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance to negative $2 billion to negative $4 billion. There is also a possibility that a portion of expected capital offsets could move from Q4 to Q1, shifting the cash flow benefit into next year. Consistent with our short-term financial model discussed at our Investor Day in February, our continued intent is to manage adjust this free cash flow at approximately breakeven as we go through this period of accelerated and elevated investments supported by our smart capital approach and the multiple pools of capital available to finance our strategy. Now turning to our long-term outlook and the changes we're making to transform the business. Beyond Q4, there's a high degree of macroeconomic uncertainty, and it appears that the current challenging market environment will extend well into 2023 with the potential for a global recession. Further, as I discussed in Q2 earnings, it's imperative that we drive for world-class product cost and operational efficiency to achieve our long-term financial model. As Pat detailed earlier, to accelerate this transformation, we're forming the IDM 2.0 Acceleration Office and doubling down on our efforts to reduce costs and find efficiencies across the organization. We'll start with a focus on driving $3 billion of cost reduction in 2023, 1/3 in cost of sales and 2/3 in operating expenses. Note that our Q3 results include GAAP restructuring charges of $664 million that reflect initial efforts to rightsize our business and deliver these savings. In Q4, we expect to have additional restructuring charges of similar magnitude as we further rationalize our 2023 financial plan. Longer term, we will execute on continued structural cost savings and efficiency gains, which we expect to drive $8 billion to $10 billion in annual savings by the end of 2025, split roughly 2/3 in cost of sales and 1/3 in operating expense. These savings will be realized through multiple initiatives to optimize the business, including portfolio cuts, rightsizing of our support organizations, more stringent cost controls in all aspects of our spending and improved sales and marketing efficiency. As Pat outlined, also critical to driving this transformation is the implementation of our internal foundry operating model, dramatically increasing financial accountability and transparency, enabling all organizations to drive to world-class product cost and efficiency benchmarks. In addition, as we emerge from five nodes in four years and slower technology development cadence, we expect an additional approximately 200 basis points of gross margin after 2026. We expect these efforts to provide potential upside to the financial targets we provided at the February Investor Day. This will be a multiyear journey, but as Pat said earlier, best-in-class semiconductor companies have a financial profile that includes gross margins in the 60s and operating margins in the 40s, and we aim to be best-in-class. In the short term, we will continue to manage to the OpEx, net capital intensity and adjusted free cash flow guardrails established and drive back to a gross margin percentage range of 51% to 53% once economic conditions improve and revenue growth returns. In closing, we remain committed to the strategy and financial model communicated at Investor Day. The compelling long-term financial opportunity of strong revenue growth across our six business units and free cash flow at 20% of revenue remains. And I believe this downturn represents an opportunity to more quickly make the transformation necessary to achieve these goals. With that, let me turn it back over to John and get to your questions.
John Pitzer: Thank you, Dave. As move into the Q&A session, we would ask each participant ask one question, and where appropriate, a brief follow up question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore : You mentioned, both Dave and Pat, many times about the macroeconomic weakness, likely persisting into next year. So if you're willing to talk a little bit about the puts and takes in the market. You talked about the PC market being down about 5%, Pat. But overall, from your segments, where do you see either market headwinds or tailwinds or individual Intel-specific areas for market share gains or still challenges into 2023?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you, Ross. I'll start off on that. And like we said, it's just the macroeconomic, unpredictable, tough market outlook. And inside of that, it's just hard to see any points of good news on the horizon, inflation in the U.S., the situation in Europe with energy and the war and in Asia. So against that backdrop, we're still looking to have economic headwinds as we go into next year. And with that in mind, obviously, lowering our guide for Q4. As we think about it, at the industry level, obviously, some of that helps to accelerate some of the rebalancing of the supply chain, and some of that will help our business like lowering of DDR memory costs will decrease the premiums on DDR5 that makes Sapphire Rapids a more compelling platform. In other areas, we still have a rebalancing of the supply chain in front of us on some of the older nodes. When we look at our business units, the PC, more critical device than ever. And as Sacha talked about yesterday on his earnings call, 20% more active devices usage increasing. That said, we do expect that the TAM, as I indicated in my formal comments, is going to be a bit lower next year. We've given a range aligned with the industry. For servers, we have seen the slowdown in enterprise and to a lesser degree, in the cloud market, decreasing the TAM outlook there. We do, in our modeling, look at that as we're building our capacity. Obviously, our cost efforts have been very specific to give us flexibility for lowering the structural rate cost even as we stay true to the strategic investments that we're making and driving our transformation and disciplined cost modeling more quickly. So it really is a challenging environment, unpredictable environment, and we're staying true to the strategy, making cost adjustments and trying to balance market outlooks as we gain share, right, in some segments, and we fight for share in other segments. And I was very pleased with how the team executed in improving our execution in an environment that really was quite tough.
John Pitzer: Ross, do you have a brief follow-up?
Ross Seymore : Yes. Just following on to that last part that you said, Pat, about some of the areas of share gains or share losses. Where do you think those will be most acute in both directions, the good and the bad?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. And we'd say we saw no -- if we go to the areas, we're just entering in the AXG business and IFS. So everything there is gaining share -- in the NEX business, we saw our businesses entirely driven by the macro. And our market share seems to have no real shift whatsoever, and we continue to be a grower in that segment. in and PC, we had very market share gains this quarter, very strong product lines, so we think we're well positioned. And in data center, we grew slower than the market. And as the product line gets stronger, we will be in a position to regain share, regain ASP, obviously, ramp the Sapphire Rapids. But we still see ourselves not in a position that we're gaining share yet and expect that will be the case for a couple of more quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri : I had a question on the internal foundry. It seems sort of like the first step in basically splitting the company into an external foundry and a fabless company. Can you sort of play that out? Is that the idea? And sort of how does this create value? I guess, I mean, obviously, if you look at GlobalFoundries' market cap, that's like 30% of your market cap. But how does it play out functionally, how it creates value?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. When we definitely view that there are efficiencies for us to gain as we go through this internal foundry model, where we see numerous areas in the company that were not as rigorous as we need to be. In factory loading, where we make lots of change in factory loadings and we would run the factories more efficiently or stepping aren't accountable, right, through cost modeling back to the business units, and thus, driving the high-quality A0 stepping. And stepping changes being fully reflected internally and the cost of those will make us more efficient. Leveraging third-party IP more aggressively will make us more efficient. And the combination of that is a big piece of why we're stepping to this internal foundry model, and we expect that we're going to start giving more financial transparency that way so that you can start to see the benefits in the margin stacking being realized of both being a product company as well as a fab foundry company. And that's what we're out to get with the structure that we're laying out. That said, we think that this tight coupling of the IDM 2.0 model is a powerful value generator for us, at least the three areas. One, the technology benefits that we get to have a rapid pace of technology innovation innovation and co-optimization between product and process. The second is the cash flows and balance sheet benefits that we get by having these internal to be able to drive the large investments required in the manufacturing network. And third is in the supply chain efficiency and flexibility being able to balance across the foundry and business unit structure.  So these three areas for us are ones that we see that tight coupling bringing long-term meaningful value generation to the company and to our shareholders. But we're going to do it against the backdrop that we are going to be benchmarking ourselves against the best-in-class in each area and that transparency, right? We'll provide more visibility to you, our shareholders, but also drive our teams internally. And an engineering, manufacturing team when they see benchmark that you're holding up against them, it just unleashes energy into the future. And that's the excitement that we are working to create with this internal foundry model. And as we've launched it this quarter, we're already starting to see the roots of that permeate through our teams.
John Pitzer: Tim, do you have a brief follow-up?
Timothy Arcuri : I do just quickly. I guess just a follow-up on that. So like what's the line in the sand, Dave? I guess, it's a question more on cash flow. What is the line in the sand? I think before, you said that 2024 was going to be free cash flow neutral. Is that still the line in the sand where whatever you have to do, you'll do -- you'll cut CapEx as much as you can to be free cash flow neutral in 2024? Is that still the free cash flow line on the sand?
David Zinsner : Yes. I mean we expect to manage in the near term, while we're in this investment phase to kind of a neutral free cash flow over the course of 23', 24 combined. Obviously, our long-term goal is to is actually significantly improve cash flow, and we still feel like the model we gave at Investor Day is the right model that we can generate 20% free cash flow, as a percent of revenue. And obviously, this year, I think we showed very good discipline on the CapEx side. We brought our CapEx -- I think when we started the year, we thought CapEx would be in the $27 billion range on a net basis. We've adjusted that down to $21 billion. But we still preserved what Pat thought was the most important things to invest in to make sure that we're ready to go as we launch new nodes, as we bring out the IFS business and gain more customer traction in that space. And then next year, the real protection on the cash flow now will be around these spending reductions. We have $3 billion of spending reductions we're going out to achieve in '23. No guidance yet on CapEx, but I would just say the model in the near term was to run essentially at 35% of revenue. And as Pat, I think, even mentioned on the investor -- at the Investor Day, we will manage to the model, and that's quite important to us. So we think we can manage both aspects of this protect cash flow, be smart around spending, but continue to operate our strategy and our roadmap to get to leadership on process and product, to bring out these emerging businesses like the foundry business and like graphics.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya : Pat, isn't it risky to plan for a $270 million to $290 million PC TAM. Then clearly, the market seems to be reverting back to pre-pandemic levels of 260 million or so. And since that time before the pandemic, one large customer has moved away from x86, and there have been share shift. So what is the TAM next year is more like 250 to 260? What impact will it have on your cost and fab loading assumptions?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. So first, the premise of the question, we clearly, over a number of quarters, we're above market forecast. That range that I described is exactly in line with the various forecast, our OEM feedback, the feedback from key software providers as well. So I'd say our range is now aligned with that industry range. Second point being that ranges larger than and well above pre-pandemic levels at that point. It is a structurally larger market. There's lots of units out there waiting to be replaced that are aging in the footprint, clear markets that are yet to have the PC penetration. So we feel quite comfortable. And as I noted in the earlier question, PC usage is high, as seen by Microsoft and their metrics, and our product line is positioned to gain share. So somewhat independent of the size of the TAM, we have a great product line, and our product line is also in our brand is well suited with a higher margin segments of the market that have been more resilient, right, to the market effects, low-end consumers where you've seen the biggest issues and our product line is very strong. Alder Lake, Raptor Lake, stunning numbers that we're getting and well on track with Meteor Lake. All of that said, obviously, you have to make some assumptions as you build a factory network, and in the range that we gave has a lot of room inside of it. And as we're demonstrating by the near-term cost cutting, that Dave described, we're trying to build flexibility into our factory network even as we adjust the cost structure, which is largely a fixed cost structure. And obviously, as we're ramping into the next-generation products, we're building into our Intel 4 and 3 product lines and the costs associated with that even as we balance both the near term and the strategic agenda. So we feel like we're well positioned to manage and thick or thin. And against that, with a strong product line, we believe we're a share gainer in this industry, and we're going to be quite aggressive to accomplish exactly that.
John Pitzer: Vivek, do you have a quick follow-on?
Vivek Arya : So maybe Pat, just following on to that. Do you think you are shipping to demand on the PC side? Or do you still think there is a channel inventory because as we head into Q1, that is often a seasonally softer period, but again, compares are very different this year. So I was just hoping to get your perspective on what the supply-demand balance is in the PC market as it exists kind of real time?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Our belief is that we ship below consumption levels. So in other words, inventory levels at the OEM and in the channels decreased over the last quarter. They didn't decrease as far as we were originally predicting. So, consumption was a little bit weaker, but we still saw inventories systematically going down across the various routes to market throughout the quarter. We expect them to continue to go down next quarter at both the OEMs and at the channel level. And the numbers I gave on the TAM model would be our consumption models for next year, which are below the consumption models of this year. So, a somewhat smaller number for next year but not dramatically different as we already said. So overall, I think we're getting to a better point of supply-demand equilibrium where we were way behind on demand and supply for many, many quarters in a row. Clearly, the last couple of quarters have been adjusting of inventory levels and we think that we're going to be in a better supply-demand balance situation as we go into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research.
Pierre Ferragu : I'd love to talk a bit about like the very ambitious like efficiency plan you heard you've announced. And first, I'd like to understand the timing of it. The performance of Intel has been challenged in the last six months. Should we read that as a very reactive plan and you're basically… [Technical Difficulty]
John Pitzer: Operator, I think we lost Pierre.
David Zinsner : Okay. I can answer that. Just make sure we're live.
Operator: Yes, you are.
David Zinsner : Okay. Thank you. So thanks for the question, Pierre. Yes. So keep in mind, as we look at this $8 billion to $10 billion of efficiency gains that we're talking about, we're actually making a pretty meaningful down pain on those efficiency gains in 2023. We expect to get $3 billion of savings from -- versus '22 in '23. And keep in mind, actually, we have some fixed expenses that come on next year. So the cash savings is actually more like $5 billion of savings next year. Now as it relates to the 8 billion to 10 billion, we think as we exit the 2025 period will roughly be in that $8 billion to $12 billion -- or $8 billion to $10 billion range. And as Pat kind of walked through, we just think we've already identified a lot of different efficiencies that will get us to this $8 billion. But also, as we start to manage the business in this internal foundry model, we think we'll find and cover a lot more opportunities to drive efficiency and savings. So we'll update you as we progress over the course of the next three years and let you know how we're doing in terms of our progress, but we have very good line of sight on the first $3 billion and pretty good line of sight on the full $8 million to $10 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore : I want to come back to the internal foundry model again. Can you talk about -- it's very clear how it makes your foundry business better. From the standpoint of the CPU business back when you guys were on top in process, there was a pretty clear indication that it was the alignment of the device business with the fab that was kind of creating this really good outcome. Is there any trade-off that you make with this from the standpoint, looking at it from the standpoint of the microprocessor part of the business?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Thanks, Joe, and I'll start on that one. The simple answer is our job is to keep that One Intel synergy. And when I describe the three value vectors that I'm expecting to continue to really leverage around this technology collaboration, co-optimization of the microprocessor with the process technology is one that's high on that list. And we've made a lot of -- actually quite a lot of progress since I've been back driving that. And we're really seeing the benefits of that. And for instance, the great health that we described on Granite Rapids as an example about the momentum that we're seeing from Meteor Lake, there were clear examples. So I do believe that we're well underway at keeping that rich cycle of technical collaboration and co-optimization. But there's been many of these areas that I described that there hasn't been this intense accountability. Steppings were done too easily and without the quality A stepping. And some of that came through our stumbles as you went with 14 and 10 nanometers, but we lost the discipline of the understanding of what steppings cost and not just in the fab but also in the validation cycle. So we have to bring much more accountability and transparency to that. Also, we expedited all the time. While expedites are a good thing when you're bringing a new product to marketplace, but they also create fab in efficiencies, and the results of that are we're not being accountable for the fab efficiencies. Otherwise, our margins will be markedly higher than they are today. So to me, it's really maintaining the good things and the 3 I described, the technology benefits, balance sheet capital and the supply chain while driving a lot more transparency, automation, efficiency and the result will be, I believe, is a much better Intel for the long term, not just for the external foundry customers, as you suggest, but for my internal customers as well.
David Zinsner : I would just add that we have six business units today. We measure them separately, but they actually do a very good job. In a lot of cases, they need to pull together to engage with customers, to develop products and so forth. And so I think we have a pretty good process and culture within Intel, where we can strike the right balance between creating some transparency and accountability for the internal foundry business, but also make sure that they're aligned to the overall Intel goals.
John Pitzer: Joe, do you have a quick follow-up?
Joseph Moore : Yes, I do. That's very helpful. In terms of the accounting in 2024 around this internal foundry structure, is the goal there to sort of have a transfer price between the foundry business and the rest of it, that kind of reflects the market price? Or just how -- it seems like the accounting of how you're going to determine where the profits could get tricky. [` Ends]
David Zinsner : Yes, it's a good question. That's pretty much what we're thinking. I mean, we will have our own foundry business. So we'll have a good sense, I think, of the market. And so that's how we'll approach it. I would say in '23 it's going to be a somewhat light touch. We'll do this through mostly kind of spreadsheet-oriented analytics. Eventually, we -- and Pat's been pretty vocal on this. We want to create more automation, systemization of everything that we're doing between the foundry and the product. So over time, this will get more robust. And ergo, we'll be able to drive more accountability, I think, as we progress through…
Patrick Gelsinger : And just to add on to that a little bit, Joe. Here, this is a case where our internal processes and systems were optimized for IDM 1.0, right? We weren't having to say what is a sustainable wafer price that we should be designing against. And we were having a wafer cost view, right, which early in a process life is very high, right? And then it gets to mature, and how do design teams pick the right choice when you have such variability, whereas the foundry model gives a much more predictable wafer pricing that then enables a more efficient business unit model to pick the right technology choices to deliver the best products. So that's just one example that we're finding that we're not making the best decisions today, and this will allow us to hold the manufacturing teams to be entirely accountable. You've given a price hit the defects, you hit the cost structures associated with it and the business units, you have a wafer cost and go build the best product against that and ramp it like crazy in the industry. And obviously, presenting those with clarity will help you as the Street understand the progress we're making to accomplish that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C. J. Muse from Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse : And one more question on your Intel foundry strategy. It makes perfect sense to me around the discipline and cost that you're looking to achieve here. But if I'm a business unit head, and you've been pretty clear that you're playing catch up five node migrations over the next four years. If I'm a business unit head over the next two years, why would I not outsource completely? So I guess what are the guardrails to ensure that you're keeping capacity internally until you achieve the goals that you set out for 2025?
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Maybe three different perspectives on that C.J. Obviously, most of the design decisions that are being made by my product teams now are '25, '26, '27 decisions when we're back to process leadership, right? And they're seeing that progress day to day. And just as I said, "Hey, if you want to design the best product, have the best transistor." So they're with the capability to look now at the Intel leadership process technologies as they make those decisions. Also, secondly, as I described, this is a tight binding and we're going to maintain that tight binding of optimization and co-optimization for relationships that are decades old between our teams, by bringing in a new discipline to the boundary between them. And the third answer is we already use external foundries. This is a process that's already pretty well established, and we're using a range of external foundries. Our design teams over the last five years or so have learned how to use external foundries. And the fact is they're interacting now with my internal foundry, many of those learnings on expectations of PDKs, design tools, IP libraries are driving the expectations for what is required to be a good internal foundry, which will make my internal foundry a better external foundry as well. So I see this as a very regenerative cycle as we unleash these energies. And ultimately, I'm the CEO across both, and we'll be making good decisions to hold both of them accountable even as we clarify the interfaces and the efficiencies between them.
John Pitzer: C.J., do you have a quick follow-up?
C.J. Muse : Yes, John. I guess, Dave, as you think about the strategy, how does it change capital intensity for the business, not into '23, but perhaps say, over the next five years? Is it still that 35% type of number? Or how should we be thinking about it?
David Zinsner : Yes. Good question, C.J. So obviously, in this investment phase where we're catching up on node transitions, what we do, we will have a higher CapEx intensity, this 35%. But we do expect, as we get out of this phase, to be back down to a more normalized level of about 25% CapEx intensity. So there definitely will be an evolution and adjustment. And that's one of the key components of allowing us to kick up our free cash flow to this 20% of revenue level that is ultimately the model.
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. And also just piling on to that, we also look -- we always look at that through the lens of our smart capital strategy, where clearly, we're viewing both the gross CapEx, but more importantly, the net CapEx from your perspective and how we access other pools of capital to be able to build that out in a very financially prudent way and those other approaches, EU, U.S. Chips Act, ITC skip give us a lot of flexibility, combined with the shell first strategy to be able to make sure we're spending the capital, the more expensive equipment capital, more timed with the market demand clarity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis : Pat, maybe for you, despite all the consolidation in the industry and the growth that Intel has seen and the larger foundries have seen, the capital intensity continued to seem to have moved higher, notwithstanding your hope that -- or expectations that it's going to come back down again. So given the high levels, you can make the argument that the industry actually needs even more consolidation than it has already seen at the level of the -- some of the biggest players in the industry. Can you share your thoughts on how you think about the potential for this large scale -- this kind of large-scale M&A or maybe joint ventures amongst the class of the leading-edge players? Or are they just -- are there issues like FTC-related or national security-related that just means that thinking about that kind of consolidation or joint ventures across borders is something that just takes it off the table and maybe it's a different analysis for consolidation versus joint ventures?
Patrick Gelsinger : Well, there's a lot packed into that question. And I would just say, I mean, I generally said that, hey, we see this industry being a consolidating industry over time, particularly on the manufacturing side because of the extreme capital intensity, but also the incredible R&D costs, right? If you think -- if you want to have a world-class technology development team, all you have to do is spend $5 billion a year in R& D and do that for 30 years, right? Now you're okay. Now you're world class, right? And these are just extraordinary long-term investments that you have to build up and operate this way. And against that, I've consistently said I expect that there will be further consolidations in the industry going forward. Now what shape those will take, what the timing of those will be, what will be the trigger points that would position such moves, and as you said, there's many factors associated with that in terms of regulatory, legal, financial steps associated with it. But fundamentally, economics 101, right, would say you will see further consolidations into the future, and we believe that will be the case. And we would expect to be a consolidator in that process over time.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay : Pat, I wanted to ask a question about the server road map. We've got some, I think, relief from some of the commentary for cloud CapEx during this earnings season in the last three days and particularly from Meta last night, but the rest of the big guys as well. But on the flip side, there's some rumblings that maybe there's a couple of more months before Sapphire Rapids might ramp in big volumes. So I'm just -- maybe if you could help and level set us on the timing of big cloud volume of Sapphire Rapids and how that now dovetails in with the timing. It seems like you're keeping for Emerald Rapids in late '23.
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you. And as I indicated, Sapphire Rapids is now peer queued and the ramp is underway. We are ramping the product as we speak, strong customer demand. We expect this will be our fastest ever, Xeon to 1 million units, and we're going to push that quite aggressively, and the factories are ramping up as we speak. Obviously, this is good news for that business competitively, a big ASP uptick as well on the product. So lots of good things come. Also, we had a particularly good quarter on the execution front, not just Sapphire Rapids PRQ but great health on Granite Rapids, Emerald Rapids looking very good, Sierra Forest. So the next three generation products are all making very good milestones, and I really feel like the worst of our execution is behind us. And we're really starting to see some enthusiasm, momentum, excitement building in those teams as they turn the corner on these products. We do think, as I said in the formal -- that the market is softer, right, on the enterprise side and somewhat on the cloud side as you reinforced by some of the other comments from others. That said, as we ramp these products, it's all about having the best product to gain share, to gain ASP, to improve the margins of the business. And we now feel like our portfolio is taking share or taking shape to accomplish exactly that. And we're going to be aggressive. We're going to fight for every socket. This is a game where we have to reestablish ourselves in the marketplace. And now we're starting to have the product line to do that. And that's exactly what you'll see. In addition to that, we're also building out our software assets to have an increased value proposition. And one of those is, for instance, with Sierra. Sapphire Rapids is the market improvements in AI, but even more importantly, in security. And with our security services and capabilities, very differentiated areas like confidential computing are gaining quite a lot of interest in the industry for not just enterprise, but cloud customers as well. So a lot of things going on there. But overall, we feel like our momentum is being reestablished in this critical, critical area of our business and one that we know has a lot of attention from you all in the community.
John Pitzer: Matt, do you have a quick follow-on?
Matthew Ramsay : Yes, John. One thing that piqued my interest, Pat, in your prepared script was -- I mean there's a lot of discussion of the five nodes in four years and halfway through that transition is 20A with RibbonFET or gate all around. So you guys are going to need to go through that jump. Your competition as well. And you mentioned, I think, some tape-outs of your own stuff but also some tape-outs of potential external foundry customers on 20A that seemed, I don't know, from the language used, kind of meaningful. So if you could give us a status report there on sort of the gate all-around RibbonFET progress you see versus competition? And is this external customer really significant.
Patrick Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you. And on 20A and 18A, they go to RibbonFET, as you say. And Intel has driven every major transistor, right, in the volume production for the last 35 years. So the idea that we're the ones who are going to drive this major new transistor structure into production is something that we're pretty committed to be a driver for 20A, as you said, on track, on schedule. We expect 20A will primarily be an internal node, not one that we have a lot of external foundry customers for the external foundry chipset or tape-outs are largely associated with 18A. And a very typical process for a foundry customer will be "give me a test chip of my circuits on your process." and that's exactly what we take out. The first one this quarter. We'll have several more in the pipeline. So now we're taking out not only our test chips for 18A, but our foundry customer test chips for 18A, and that's a pretty critical milestone when they see the results of the silicon for them making a volume decision for a foundry customer. So we're exactly on the time line that I described earlier for those tape-outs and those decisions. So as they start to see the silicon results, which we think are going to be very promising we think that will be a key step to them making major foundry decisions. And overall, this just affirms our five nodes in four years. We're making the investments. We're seeing good progress to get back to process technology leadership, which for Intel is a tide that raises all boats in the company. It makes our products better. It establishes our new business areas, positions us in a very profound way for foundry [Technical Difficulty] Economic environment. Macro, very challenged, but we're happy with the execution progress we made even though we're not happy with the reported results. And we know we have a lot more work to do there. It was also thrilling to participate with the Mobileye IPO in a tough market with very good results. We're prepared for the economic headwinds. We're making the necessary adjustments structurally as well as through our cost model to go through them. And we remain fully committed to being a value generator for our shareholders for the long term as we execute our 2.0. We believe that, that will be a great result for our owners for the long term.
Patrick Gelsinger : Thank you for joining us for the call today and look forward to our update next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to your speakers today, John Pitzer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations at Intel. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: You should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation both of which are available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I’m joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, Dave Zinsner. In a moment, we’ll have brief remarks from both, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, please note that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. As such it involves risks and uncertainties. Our press release provides more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We’ve also provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures this quarter and will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentations and the release available on intc.com include full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. While we continue to make solid progress on our strategy, Q2 results were disappointing, below the standards we have set for the company and below the commitments we have made to you, our shareholders. The sudden and rapid decline in economic activity was the largest driver of the shortfall, but Q2 also reflected our own execution issues in areas like product design, DCAI, and the ramp of AXG offerings. We have an obligation to remain vigilant and to respond to the changing business conditions while not losing sight of our long-term goals and opportunities. We will look to do both by adjusting and refocusing our spending levels in the near term, at the same time, as we accelerate the deployment of our smart capital strategy and improve product execution. Collectively, these actions will begin to show dividends in the second half of the year, allowing us to return gross margins to our target range by Q4 and maintain our initial free cash flow outlook for 2022. While still early in our journey, we remain laser-focused on executing to our strategy to deliver leadership products anchored on open and secure platforms, powered by at scale manufacturing and supercharged by our people. The current economic backdrop only strengthens our result and we are embracing this environment to accelerate our transformation. For example, regaining our leadership begins with Moore’s Law and the capacity to deliver it at scale. Over the last 18 months, we’ve taken the right steps to establish a strong footing for our TD roadmap. We are well into the ramp of Intel 7 now shipping in excess of 35 million units. Intel 4 is ready for volume production in second half of this year and Intel 3, 20A and 18A are all at or ahead of schedule. We’ve received additional strong third-party validation for TD, IFS and our manufacturing group just this week when we announced MediaTek as our next major foundry customer, a great example of our One Intel culture. I want to congratulate our teams on what we expect to be many announcements as we execute to become an, at scale, leading edge, geographically diversified systems foundry. But we must also be clear-eyed as we look into the second half. We are planning for volatility as the world adjusts to the end of a two-plus-year pandemic and the unprecedented stimulus governments used to fight it. Across the economy, supply chain issues have both limited the ability to meet demand in some areas and driven inventory well above normal levels in others. We are prepared to manage through a slowdown typical of the normal cycles the semiconductor industry has experienced over the last 50 years. While the depth and duration are still difficult to predict, we have a proven track record of being able to adjust and succeed in any environment. Let me address some of the specific actions we are taking. First, we further sharpened our focus in Q2 selling our drone business and making the difficult decision to wind down our efforts in Optane, as we embrace CXL, a standard which Intel Corporation pioneered. These add to actions last year in NAND and the sale of McAfee. In total, we have now exited six businesses since my return providing roughly $1.5 billion for investments aligned with our IDM 2.0 strategy. We are also lowering core expenses in calendar year 2022, and will look to take additional actions in the second half of the year, which Dave will address later. Importantly, expense discipline is not impacting the strategy and we remain firmly on track to achieve process performance parity in 2024 and unquestioned leadership in 2025. This goal is our true North Star. Second, our ability to invest aggressively and fulfill our commitment to a strong and growing dividend is anchored by the progress we are making in deploying our smart capital strategy. We are thrilled to see the bipartisan vote in the Congress this week and expect CHIPS Act to be on the President’s best shortly. We have been integrally involved in moving this groundbreaking legislation forward. This progress, combined with the strong momentum in Europe, will reshape our industry and bring us toward a geographically balanced, resilient supply chain that we are uniquely positioned to enable and benefit from. Access to mission aligned pools of capital supports the accelerated pursuit of our strategy and will enable our torrid pace. Third, I rejoined Intel to re-energize and re-establish a culture of execution and innovation. With process technology and capacity expansion, both now trending very well, we have the critical foundation we need for improved product execution. We have rebuilt our leadership team now fully assembled for the first time. And together, we have reestablished OKRs throughout the organization to drive common purpose and importantly, a system of accountability. In the coming months, we will begin to share more with the investment community on the next evolution of our TikTok model to drive consistent and predictable cadence of process and design innovation. As we look beyond the near-term, the semiconductor industry continues to be at the beginning of a new structural growth phase, driven by four superpowers: one, ubiquitous compute; two, pervasive connectivity; three, cloud-to-edge infrastructure; and four, AI. Combined, these drivers support a semiconductor industry eclipsing $1 trillion by 2030. What remains very clear even during this period of uncertainty is the growing importance of Silicon to the global economy and to each of our daily lives. However, as a result of macro weaknesses, we now expect the PC TAM to decline roughly 10% in calendar year 2022, characterized by broadening consumer weakness and relative strength in enterprise and higher end skews. Importantly, our Q2 PC unit volume suggest we are shipping below consumption as some of our largest customers are reducing inventory levels at a rate not seen in the last decade. And along with some pricing actions should allow for sequential growth into the second half even as some customers manage inventory lower. While COVID-related dynamics like work-from-home and school-from-home pulled forward some demand, they also solidified the PC as an essential tool in the post-pandemic world. For example, PC and corporate usage remains historically high even as the pandemic’s most acute impacts diminish. Markedly higher per PC usage and a larger installed base, including 600 million PCs that are four years and older, supports a PC TAM sustainably above 300 million units. Data center trends are still well entrenched. Data has been growing exponentially at a 50% CAGR for over 20 years, but until recently it has been uneconomical to turn that data into true actionable insights. With the advent of AI, along with CPUs, GPUs and accelerators, we now have the tools to access and use more of the data we create, driving significantly higher compute demand and a multi-year CAGR in the data center TAM of at least mid-teens. Despite these drivers, demand will not be immune from economic headwinds. In addition to match-set issues, which have constrained shipments for multiple quarters, increasing economic concerns are leading to a reduction in second-half demand. As a result, we have lowered our server TAM assumptions to reflect more modest growth in 2022. Against this backdrop, let me highlight key developments in our businesses: In response to supply chain and match-set issues, we closely collaborated with our customers and suppliers to effectively address their most critical needs. We rapidly adjusted to changing market conditions, made cost reductions and leveraged smart capital to execute toward our IDM 2.0 strategy. Despite significantly lower revenue impacting overall gross margins, Q2 saw continued strong performance in our factory network, and we exceeded our wafer cost goals with 10 nm unit costs declining approximately 8% year-on-year. In TD, we continue to deliver on the promise of Moore’s Law, and our ambitions to deliver 1 trillion transistors in a device by 2030. Intel 4 details were released at the recent VLSI conference to positive reviews, and we’ve now taped in the first stepping of the Granite Rapids CPU and expect power-on this quarter. In the second half of this year, we plan to tape in numerous internal and Foundry customer test chips on various process nodes including Intel 3 and Intel 18A. In our client business, Alder Lake momentum continues. We have the strongest PC lineup in 5-plus years, and we remain unapologetic about our growing leadership and share position. We are building on Alder Lake leadership with Raptor Lake in second half of this year and Meteor Lake in 2023 exemplifying how our innovative design decisions can drive leadership performance even before re-establishing best-in-class transistor technology. In Q2, we launched the 12th Gen Intel Core HX processors, the final products in our Alder Lake family. The Alder Lake family is now powering more than 525 designs from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, LG, Microsoft, Samsung and others. To date, we’ve shipped well in excess of 35 million units of Alder Lake. Within the current market, we are also seeing relative strength in the premium segments we serve across consumer and commercial. We expect to build on this momentum with the launch of our next-gen product family Raptor Lake starting with our desktop SKUs this fall, followed by our mobile family by end of year. The Raptor Lake family will offer customers significant advantages, including double-digit performance gains gen-on-gen and socket compatibility with Alder Lake. And in 2023, we will deliver our first disaggregated CPU built on Intel 4 Meteor Lake, which is showing good health in both our and our customers’ labs. Turning to DCAI, as we stated at Investor Day, over the next couple of years as we rebuild our server product portfolio, we expect to grow slower than the overall data center market. It’s not a fact we like, but the forecast we see. We have a singular focus to regain performance and TCO leadership across all workloads and use cases from enterprise to cloud. The advantage of our incumbency position remains underappreciated and provides significant opportunity to drive outsized advantages to our customers. For example, we expanded our supply agreement with Meta, leveraging our IDM advantage to ensure Meta can meet its expanding compute needs. Also in Q2, we agreed to expand our partnership with AWS to include the co-development of multi-generational data center solutions optimized for AWS infrastructure and Intel as a strategic customer for internal workloads including EDA. We expect these custom Xeon solutions will bring greater levels of differentiation and a durable TCO advantage to AWS and their customers, including Intel. In addition, NVIDIA announced the selection of Sapphire Rapids for use in their new DGX-H100, which will couple Sapphire Rapids with NVIDIA’s Hopper GPUs to deliver unprecedented AI performance. Beyond Xeon-based CPUs, we launched our next-generation Gaudi 2 AI accelerator in the quarter with a whopping 4x improvement generation-to-generation, and in the most recent MLPerf training benchmark test, Gaudi 2 has a substantial lead in Resnet-50 and BERT benchmarks. In the second quarter, we also began delivering on our software strategy with the acquisition of Granulate, expanding our platform capabilities with real time AI-driven continuous optimizations for cloud computing and the initial release of Amber, our security attestation service. Since we acquired Granulate, their customer pipeline has doubled and their revenue pipeline has tripled. Finally, programmable solutions achieved record 2Q revenue and was just shy of an all-time record revenue quarter driven by strong demand, including the ramp of the flagship Agilex FPGA family and improving supply. In NEX, we had an outstanding Q2. We achieved record revenue and PRQ’d Mount Evans, an IPU we co-developed and are now beginning to ramp with a large hyperscale partner with additional customers in 2023. In addition, our latest Xeon D processors, built specifically for software defined infrastructure across the network and edge, launched at this year’s Mobile World Congress, and is ramping with leading companies including Cisco, Juniper Networks and Rakuten Symphony. Across the network edge, we’re continuing to see interest to deploy more compute and AI capabilities. For example, Ferrovial, a multi-national Spanish infrastructure company is using our edge computing, AI and connectivity technologies to deploy roadside solutions that can identify wrong-way drivers, warn of oncoming hazards and more. In Singapore, Singtel has deployed a network solution with Xeon, Smart Edge and OpenVINO to improve user experiences for use cases like entertainment, industrial, smart manufacturing, smart transportation and smart city. Lastly, ABB is helping utility providers modernize their electric grid and create a more sustainable energy market by adopting standardized rugged servers based on 3rd Gen Intel Xeon. NEX continues to clearly benefit from networks that are increasingly moving toward software and AI that is increasingly moving to the edge, and we expect another revenue record in Q3. For AXG, while we will not hit our GPU unit target, we remain on track to deliver over $1 billion in revenue this year. In Q2, we started to ramp Intel Arc graphics for laptops and OEMs, including Samsung, Lenovo, Acer, HP and Asus. COVID-related supply chain issues and our own software-readiness challenges caused availability delays that we continue to work to overcome. Intel Arc A5 and A7 desktop cards will start to ship in Q3. Our energy-efficient blockchain accelerator Blockscale achieved a major milestone in Q2 with revenue shipments to our lead customers, going from tape-in to shipping in less than a year. We expect to ship millions of units this year, not originally in our forecast. Our data center GPU code-named Arctic Sound-M has started production and is now shipping to customers supporting a diverse range of workloads, starting with media streaming and cloud gaming, followed by support for AI visual inference and virtual desktops. In high-performance computing, we highlighted the installation of the Argonne National Lab Aurora supercomputer at our Intel Vision event in May, and we are on track to deliver over 10,000 blades in 2022, enabling over two exaflops of peak performance. We also announced new partnerships including with the Barcelona Supercomputing Center to set up a pioneering RISC-V zettascale lab, and our continued collaboration with the University of Cambridge to evolve their current lab from exascale to zettascale. Our IFS momentum continues. Creating a geographically balanced, secure and resilient semiconductor supply chain as well as access to our transistor technology is driving strong customer interest in our foundry business. In addition to the MediaTek agreement that we announced earlier this week, we now have active engagements with six of the top 10 fabless customers across our offerings, including 18A. Overall, we are engaged with 30 customers for test chips, and now have more than 10 qualified opportunities in advanced stages across our process and package offerings that collectively represent a deal value of greater than $6 billion. Augmenting our organic activity is our proposed acquisition of Tower Semiconductor. We now have regulatory approval or clearance in four geographies, including the U.S., and we still expect the acquisition to close by early next year. In Q2, we also launched the IFS Cloud Alliance a partnership with leading cloud providers including Microsoft Azure and AWS and EDA tool providers, including Ansys, Cadence, Siemens EDA and Synopsys. The IFS Cloud Alliance is the next phase of our accelerator ecosystem program that will enable secure design environments in the cloud, improving foundry customer design efficiency and accelerating time-to-market. Lastly, in Mobileye, we achieved another record quarter in revenue in Q2 and we continue to be poised to unlock further value with our proposed IPO later this year, pending market conditions. Mobileye’s backlog continues to grow, with first-half 2022 design wins generating 37 million units of projected future business, compared to 16 million units actually shipped in the first half. As a result of Mobileye’s high-definition map product, called REM, we are currently crowd-sourcing 43 million miles per day on average from approximately 1.5 million vehicles. This data is automatically built into a map, which currently covers greater than 90% of all roads in both Europe and U.S. which will support systems across the entire driving assist to autonomous vehicle spectrum. Looking ahead, before turning it over to Dave, I want to close with a few thoughts. First, after a very successful Intel Vision event in Q2, I am looking forward to hosting Intel Innovation on September 27 and 28, our core technical conference for global developers, architects and engineering leaders. I hope to see many of you joining me there. Second, as I said when we began our journey, Intel will be a source of innovation driving new businesses and additional TAM in large and growing markets. Taken together, we have already announced over 10 new revenue producing product lines so far this year, which are just beginning to ramp, and we expect to announce more in second half and calendar year 2023. The foundations for our growth story are taking shape. I know I speak for all of our employees when I say that while we have work to do, our best days are ahead.
Dave Zinsner: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. As Pat referenced, Q2 was a challenging quarter negatively impacted by multiple factors. First, a weakening and uncertain macroeconomic environment impacted by inflation, higher interest rates and the war in Ukraine. Second, a much larger than expected OEM inventory correction as our customers adjust to this new macroeconomic environment. Third, worse than expected COVID driven demand reductions and supply dislocations in China and other parts of the supply chain. Due to the difficult macroeconomic environment together with our own execution challenges, our results for the quarter were well below expectations and necessitate a significant revision to our full-year financial guidance. That said, we are taking the actions necessary to maintain our prior full-year adjusted free cash flow guidance, including a slowdown in hiring, CapEx reductions and the expectation for increased capital offsets consistent with our smart capital strategy. We remain fully committed to the business strategy and long-term financial model presented during this year’s investor meeting in February. Revenue was $15.3 billion, 15% below our original Q2 guidance as our CCG and DCAI businesses both underperformed our expectations. Note that even in this challenging environment, our NEX and Mobileye businesses achieved all-time record quarterly revenue. Gross margin for the quarter was approximately 45%, 600 basis points below guidance on lower revenue and Sapphire Rapids preproduction charges offset by lower manufacturing cost. EPS was $0.29, $0.41 below our guide on lower revenue and gross profit, offset by lower operating expenses. Operational cash flow for the quarter was $800 million. CapEx for the quarter was $7.2 billion, resulting in an adjusted free cash flow of negative $6.4 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $27.5 billion, modest leverage and a strong investment grade credit profile. Now turning to our business unit results. CCG revenue was $7.7 billion, below expectations and down 25% year-over-year on global TAM weakness, particularly in the consumer, education and small/medium business markets. The shortfall was also driven by OEM inventory reductions as we worked with our customers to lower their inventory, protect market share and continue to manage through matched set constraints. CPU ASP’s were up 11% year-over-year on a richer mix and strong demand for our high-end mobile and desktop products across both our commercial and consumer segments. Operating profit was $1.1 billion, down 73% year-over-year on lower revenue, increased 10 nanometer and Intel 7 mix, and increased spending to further strengthen our product and platform roadmap. DCAI revenue was $4.6 billion, below expectations and down 16% year-over-year on OEM inventory reductions, mix related ASP decline and competitive pressures. Operating profit was $214 million, down 90% year-over-year on lower revenue, higher advanced node startup cost, increased investment in the product roadmap and Sapphire Rapids pre-production charges. NEX achieved all time record quarterly revenue of $2.3 billion, up 11% year-over-year on strength and data center networking products, specifically networking Ethernet and 5G. Operating profit was $241 million, down 60% year – year on mix shift to networking Ethernet and 5G. Increased investment in process technology and lower sell through of reserved inventory. AXG revenue was $186 million, up 5% year-over-year on the ramp of Super Compute and Alchemist discrete GPU products. Operating loss was $507 million versus an operating loss of $168 million in Q2 2021 with the increase driven by inventory reserves on Ponte Vecchio and Alchemist products and increased investment to deliver the roadmap of Visual, Super Compute and Custom Accelerated Graphics Products. Mobileye achieved all time record quarterly revenue of $460 million, up 41% year-over-year. Outperforming the rate of increase of global automotive production, which was relatively flat year-over-year. Operating profit was $190 million, up 43% year-over-year on higher revenue partially offset by increased investment in next generation ADAS products. IFS revenue was $122 million, down 54% year-over-year driven by lower mask tool sales as well as revenue decrease in the automotive segment due to customer shortages in the automotive market. Operating loss was $155 million versus as an operating profit of $52 million in Q2 2021, driven by lower revenue and increased investment to build out the custom foundry business. Before we transition to full year and Q3 guidance, after six months on the job let me provide my perspectives on the opportunities I see and focus areas to improve our financial performance and achieve our long-term goals. At the highest level, I see opportunities to improve in two areas. First, ensuring we are allocating our capital to the programs that are clearly aligned to our revised business strategy and generate maximum long-term value to our shareholders. As Pat mentioned, two good examples of continuing to optimize our portfolio are exiting the Optane and drone businesses. We continue to deeply evaluate all opportunities to more narrowly focus our resources on the highest value programs, increasing the probability of success for each of these programs. Second driving structural product cost and operational expense efficiency across the company taking full advantage of our IDM 2.0 strategy. A major focus for me is driving Intel the world class product cost. Key to this is executing our five nodes and four-year strategy, but there are many more aspects to achieving this goal with programs in flight to dramatically reduce product cost. Likewise, there are opportunities in OpEx to ensure we are achieving world class efficiency in everything we do. With my history in the memory business where every penny counts, I know there are large opportunities for Intel to improve and deliver maximum output per dollar. As part of these focus areas, we expect to see restructuring charges in Q3, and I’ll continue to provide regular updates on these efforts. Moving to our full year and Q3 guidance. For the remainder of the year we expect macroeconomic conditions to continue to soften with the potential for a recessionary scenario to materialize. There’s also risk for continued COVID related impacts on demand and the supply chain to continue throughout the year. As a result of this high level of uncertainty for moving to a range-based approach to revenue guidance for the rest of the year. For full year revenue we are now guiding a range of $65 billion to $68 billion, down from our prior guidance of $76 billion driven by lower expectations for our CCG and DCAI businesses. More specifically in our PC business as Pat discussed, we now see TAM decreasing approximately 10% year-over-year due to the softening macroeconomic environment and inflationary pressures. Although these headwinds have reduced our CCG revenue forecast, we expect CCG revenue to increase in the second half of the year due to seasonal strength, OEM inventory returning to balance levels, inflation related price increases to take effect and the ramp of our leadership Alder Lake and Raptor Lake products to position us to compete for share. For DCAI, we expect to see second half revenue growth relative to Q2 levels, but growth will remain muted as competitive and macroeconomic headwinds persist, OEM inventory reductions continue and component constraints impact certain segments. For NEX we expect another record quarter in Q3 and continued growth throughout the year. NEX revenue tailwinds will be fueled by new product introductions, data center and Telco Networking demand and continued improvement in pricing and component supply. For AXG we continue to expect full year revenue greater than $1 billion driven by the launch and ramp of the Alchemist, Arctic Sound M, Ponte Vecchio and Blockscale products. And finally, we expect to see second-half growth in each of our two remaining businesses Mobileye and IFS as they ramp new products and secure new customers. Full year gross margin we’re guiding to 49% at the midpoint of revenue guidance with the expectation that gross margin will return to the low end of our target range of 51% to 53% in Q4 as revenue increases, we achieve scale on new product ramps and cost continue to improve. We’re forecasting a tax rate of approximately 8% and EPS of $2.30 at the midpoint of the revenue guidance. For net CapEx we’re revising down our forecast to $23 billion, $4 billion less than our previous guidance as we moderately adjust our investment and capacity and take advantage of potentially larger than originally forecast capital assets, highlighting significant progress on our smart capital strategy. We expect these actions to offset lower than originally forecast operating cash flow, allowing us to reaffirm adjusted free cash flow of negative $1 billion to negative $2 billion for the year. Finally, we paid dividends of $1.5 billion, a 5% increase year-over-year and remain committed to growing the dividend over time. Now moving to Q3 guidance; given the aforementioned market environment, we’re guiding revenue of $15 billion to $16 billion. At the midpoint of the revenue guidance we’re guiding gross margin of 46.5%, a tax rate of 13% and earnings per share of $0.35. In closing the market turbulence and updated outlook are disappointing. However, we believe our turnaround is clearly taking shape and expect Q2 and Q3 to be the financial bottom for the company. We remain completely committed to the strategy and financial model communicated at Investor Day. The long-term financial opportunity of compelling revenue growth and free cash flow at 20% of revenue remains. And I believe this downturn represents an opportunity to more quickly the transformations necessary to achieve these goals. With that let me turn it back over to John and get your questions.
John Pitzer: All right. Thank you, Dave. Moving on now to the Q&A as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question.  Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess for my question your implied guidance calls for roughly 12% sequential growth into December. Would love to hear what gives you confidence that inventory correction and the supply chain issues will be behind you? And as part of that do you think a PC TAM of down 10% is conservative enough or is that something where there might be further risk ahead? Thanks so much.
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, C.J. So when you look at the fourth quarter, first of all we are at this point given the inventory burns in both CCG and DCAI shipping at below the rate of consumption for those markets. And so there is a natural recovery that occurs that we would expect as we progress through the rest of the year once inventory is in a good place. So we do feel we’re at the bottom here in terms of revenue in the Q2, Q3 time frame and Q4 would recover just based on that alone. I’d say the other thing is we’ve got a good set of products coming out over the course the second half of the year. And I think that we’re kind of operating with winded our sales in terms of product offerings in all of our businesses. And then third, we are increasing pricing. The pricing generally takes effect in the fourth quarter. We’ve gone a fair amount of time. The advantage of the IDM strategy is we can absorb a lot of inflationary impacts that others can’t. And so we were able to kind of go a bit longer in terms of the price increases, but at this point now that some of those pricing increase or inflationary increases have turned out to be more permanent where there’s a certain amount of asset we do need to pass-on to the customers and they’re comfortable to do that. And so that also is a factor. And then lastly, I would just say the fourth quarter is generally just a seasonally strong quarter for us and particularly in the PC space. So I think all those factors give us really good confidence that Q2, Q3 represent the bottom for revenue and that fourth quarter we’ll see some strength.
Dave Zinsner: And in fourth quarter, we also see that some of the new business unit areas, right, are started to contribute more significantly as well. On the PC TAM, before we were above the market and with our down revision, we’re now exactly in line with the market. We were over 350 million units before, now market ranges are 310 to 325. Our range is consistent with that, C.J. So we don’t see ourself ahead of the market like we were before, we were more optimistic. Now we’re firmly in line with the market. Clearly, the market has shifted heavily on the consumer side, but the remains strength on the enterprise side, which also gives us confidence. So in addition to the strength of the product roadmap, which Dave said, we also see the enterprise market remaining very healthy and our position and the higher price points and the enterprise, these are good markets for us. And as we’re on the back of Alder Lake over 35 million units, Raptor Lake ramping, we’re just coming into a great cycle of the overall business. We’d also say that the PC is strong as that work from home, school from home device usage numbers are up significantly for the time that people use their PCs. We also have a strong replacement cycle in front of us. We now have over 600 million PCs that are over four years old. We’re definitely seeing that roll through the enterprise markets, again where we have stronger market share and better ASPs. So all that taken together, we think we’ve ranged it and that’s consistent with the financial guidance that we’ve given you for the rest of the year.
C.J. Muse: Thanks so much.
Operator: We have a question from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: So thanks for taking my question. Pat, I’m curious why didn’t Intel choose to negatively pre-announce given the extent of the shortfall. I mean, I can understand the PC market being weak but for data center to be almost 25% below expectations. That seems very strange to me. So I’m just curious why Intel took these actions? And then when we look at your data center revenue, especially in the reported quarters, most enterprise and cloud customers reported their sales and spending kind of in line with expectations. So is it mostly competitive pressures? If you could just help us understand what the thought process was for Q2? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. I think that officially is actually two questions, but anyway, I’ll – we’ll take them both. On the market side, we’ll say we were well into the quarter and we saw the market characteristics change quite suddenly, right, and that resulted in both the sell-through and the marketplace, but also these significant inventory adjustments. We worked with our customers on those inventory adjustments. And as we said, these are like once in 10-year kind of inventory adjustments, because the customers were working through the quarter, catching up to demand that was short for years, right? And all of a sudden as we saw that shifting, they took quite significant adjustments to their inventory positions. And we wanted to be in a position that we had some thoughtful view of what the market was for the future. So that’s the reason that brought us to today. We think that we’ve given you a clear view of where the market is coming into the future. The DCAI point, as I said in my formal comments, we were disappointed. Some of that was driven by the macro; it was also match set issues that we’ve been struggling with as well. And Ethernet components, power supply components, et cetera have been challenged. But as we also said, we had some of our own unique execution issues and we kept the quality bar high on Sapphire Rapids and thus we did another stepping, which was a forecast, which put some inventory and reserve issues in front of us as opposed to high ASP new product revenue. So some of those things were unique issues to us that we were addressing. That said, we do feel like the progress in the data center, right, is clear in front of us. We have – Emerald is looking very good. We’ll be powering on Sapphire or Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids shortly. All of that taken together, we feel our competitive position is improving. We also see that we know where the market share is and wins like we announced with AWS and Meta, we are going to focus on every socket, every workload, every customer quite aggressively on both AWS and Meta. These were substantial wins for us this quarter and we’re hoped to be announcing several others like that as we go forward. We’re also bringing new capabilities as we sort of said in our formal comments. The size of our footprint here is underappreciated, and we’re going to be focusing on really benefiting from that and bringing new capabilities against that enormous footprint with capabilities like Granulate and our Amber security service, things that allow us to bring more value to our customers as well as harvest more revenue from that enormous installed base. So all of that taken together, we feel like we are owning up to the challenges that we had in data center, but have a clear view of how we write this business for the future and are well underway and doing exactly that.
Dave Zinsner: And maybe I’ll just add in terms of profitability it was disappointing where operating margins landed for the DCAI business for sure. That was largely the impact of the decline in revenue. But keep in mind, we’re also investing a lot for all the reasons that Pat said to get to bring out great products that allow our customers and, and so that investment does also weigh down on the operating profitability of the business. We do see that getting better. We took this, Pat mentioned reserves on Sapphire Rapids and those are kind of a one off thing that dissipate as we go through the second half of the year we also expect revenue to improve as we progress through the year. Those things combined should improve operating margins in near term. In the long term, we see this business as a business that gives us greater than corporate average operating margins, gross margins and operating margins for that matter, it has traditionally actually for us and for the industry. And so, it’s a matter of just putting our nose down and executing to get those results. And we feel very confident we’ll get there.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Thank you very much for taking the question. Good afternoon. I guess Pat, I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the prior question in the server business, particularly on the roadmap you guys just mentioned, some reserves we need to take for Sapphire and the timelines have been pushed out. So I guess the questions are: one, Pat can you give us a more specific timing on where things are with Sapphire Rapids not just early units, but actual volume production. And secondly, does this push out – how does this impact the timelines for Emerald and Granite? Do you see those pushing out sort of congruent with the push out here or are those timelines going to be held and maybe the platforms be a little bit different? I’m just curious on the roadmap. Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And giving a bit more detail on Sapphire, we’re already ramping a number of SKUs of Sapphire rapids already. They began ramping last quarter. So, we have a number of those ramping. The particular issue that we highlighted, wasn’t affecting those SKUs, so those continue to ramp. So we did another tape out, which I’ll say for the larger volume skews, and those will be volume shipping in the second half of the year. So you’ll see us ramping those and launching those. So we’re fully on track for that. And we feel like we’re over all of the issues that we’ve had in bringing that product to the marketplace. So we feel very comfortable with that. We’re then working very closely. Emerald goes into the Sapphire platform, so we’re working very closely with our customers and the timing there, the product is looking very healthy, so we’re nicely on track. So that will be a 2023 product and then Granite and Sierra Forest is the 24 product. And just to remind everybody, this is a major new platform. We believe this is a major step forward as we go into Granite Rapids, but also is our first E-core product with Sierra Forest, right. And this we believe is really sort of this ability to have a fleet offering where a lot of cloud workloads just say, give a great container and let me run that quite firmly, efficient TCO efficiently. And that’s what Sierra Forest will do. And then Granite Rapids clearly the performance leader in the marketplace. So both of those will be 24 products. And again, right, we’re powering on that this next quarter. So we’re looking very healthy. Or this quarter, I should say, in Q3. So looking very good so far. So we’ll just say the roadmap is healthy, looking on track and our execution here must improve. Many of these products were well underway when we showed up. As we said, the culture right of execution needs to be rebuilt. And we are working heavily to rebuild the culture of this team. And in fact we just completed our employee engagement survey. And this was the most significant year-on-year improvements in history. Many of our employee engagement survey results now are now best in industry. We’ve totally reversed the brain drain that we had, so teams are excited. The momentum is building. And many of these products, hey, we’re launching the new products with the revising, hear us talk more about our TikTok execution discipline going forward. But a lot of these products were underway. So they weren’t launched with the new execution and methodology discipline. So we’re working through those. And as each one of these gets better, our execution and confidence in those deliveries is improving, culture is improving, we’re making great progress. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with SMBC Nikko.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Dave if you can clarify why you are taking the Sapphire, I guess, charges, is it just the pre-production reserve or is there something else going on? And my question is based on your comments about the recovery profile for DCG in, I guess, DCAI in the second half, it seems like PC market is – at least your expectation is that the PC market will recover quicker than DCAI. I’m a little bit surprised by that because you have Sapphire ramping and I don’t know if the inventory situation was worse in DC versus in PC. So I’m just surprised by the fact that you are saying that PC will record faster than DCAI. If you can clarify that, that’ll be helpful. Thank you.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. So yes, you’re right, Sapphire Rapids, we reserve the production inventory before it has gone what we call PRQ. So it’s the quality metric. And so we reserve all the product and since the main, as path of the main SKUs have not at this point reached PRQ, we continue to reserve them once they do, which we expect later this year then we stop first of all, reserving the production inventory. And then likelihood is some of this will also sell. And so, we’ll be able to recover some portion of that reserve likely as we progress through the end of this year and next year. On CCG and DCAI, I think, the inventory correction in CCG was definitely more pronounced. And so you get this, the benefit of the shipping back to the consumption level is more pronounced when things recover. That’s number one. We also will see more pricing improvement in CCGs and DCAI both, we are adjusting pricing, but the pricing is more significant in CCG. And so, that also gives CCG a lift in the later part of the year.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
Dave Zinsner: Next question.
Operator: We have a question from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the capital spending cuts. Can you give us a sense for, does that affect shells versus wait for fab equipment? And is there sort of any opportunity cost to that? And then to the extent that – does that change to your comments about the overall trajectory over the next few years? Do you still expect CapEx to be rising from here?
Dave Zinsner: Yes, good question. So important thing is that when you look at gross CapEx, it’s about 25% of the reduction, about 75% of the reduction is actually increased capital offset. So it’s not a significant adjustment to the gross number. It’s almost entirely on the equipment side reduction and some of it is just timing of receipts of equipment. And sorry, Joe, what was the other part of your question?
Joseph Moore: Just the trajectory. I know you had talked about capital spending generally rising from here, but you also talked about guardrails, can you just talk about the trade-offs of your business being slower versus not looking for forecast, but how you’re thinking about the long-term spending program?
Dave Zinsner: So we intend to manage to the guardrails for sure. What I think has become really positive for us is the capital offsets. Maybe I’ll talk a little bit about it and you could go into details about chips if you want Pat. We just are in general, way more optimistic about what we’re going to get in terms of capital offsets. In fact, I think, our forecast for the year is 4x, what it was when we talked about it at Investor Day. And so, clearly for this year we’re going to see strong offsets. And I think given what happened today, I think, we’re going to have good offsets in the coming years as well. So I think that will really help us kind of keep the guardrails intact. I mean, obviously on a long-term basis we’re always looking at our CapEx in relationship to demand. We’re building supply to meet demand and modulating that as the signals change on the demand front. At this point, I think, given the long lead times of building out these factories, we’re very confident that the growth rates of our markets are going to be quite healthy. And we’re going to need the supply to come online. May we modulate are make tiny adjustments to it over the course of years. Yes, but I wouldn’t say it’s going to be a significant magnitude, but we – but still at the end of the day, we feel very good about the guardrails we talked about. It’s going to be more like mid-30s, net CapEx intensity in our investment phase that that goes through 2024. And then in 2025, 2026, we’ll see a step down as we start to get the benefits of that in terms of revenue growth and margin growth and we’ll normalize more into the mid-20s.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And as Dave is alluding to the passage today by the house of the CHIPS Act following the Senate Passage on Tuesday, this is historic legislation. Literally since World War II, there might not have been a more important piece of industrial policy that’s came forward through Congress. So we are thrilled by that. And then also something that we pointed to, and we’ve been very active and I’ve been very active. This is great for the semiconductor industry. This is beneficial to Intel. This was one of the pieces of the smart capital program as we described back an Investor Day. And now seeing this come across the line will clearly be part of that ability for us to invest aggressively in the strategy that we described to you. We see this as an accelerant to our strategy and something that will give us the capacity to both meet our product needs as well as our Foundry customer needs as well. This is powerful and something that we are thrilled to have come across the line just today. We look forward to this being on the President’s desk in the next couple of days and signed into law. This was a historic moment for the semiconductor industry. And I hope everybody on the line just realizes how significant the passage of this was for semiconductors, for technology, for long-term research, this was huge. We were thrilled to be a part of it.
John Pitzer: Next question, please operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for letting me ask questions. So Pat, you let us your prepared remarks discussing the macro environment, but you also called out Intel specific execution issues and specifically product design. Were you just referring to Sapphire Rapids or was this a general statement across several of your product segments, including client and graphics? And can you just articulate like what some of these product design issues are? Are they architectural issues, performance issues, design closure, changing custom requirements? Any help there would be great. Obviously, as you mentioned, many of these programs were already underway when you joined the team, but what is it specifically that you’re doing now to ensure better design execution going forward?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Harlan. And if I would just to step back slightly, right, I view the recovery, rebuilding in three different chapters. One was TD and manufacturing…
Harlan Sur: Yes.
Pat Gelsinger: …best transistors capacity. Second design and products. We have to deliver the products that we say to our customers. And if they ask for it Monday at noon, Monday at 11:59, it is there right in the volumes you say, at the performance levels, power levels, et cetera. And the third chapter is building growth, right. And establishing the new products, the new product lines for growth and obviously, we’ve laid the foundations for all three. As TD and manufacturing are now making good progress. The focus really is get the product and design execution superb again, right. And I point back to that sort of tick–tock discipline that we had in the past, that was a key part of what we’re doing, and that’s exactly what we have underway, rebuilding that kind of product disciplined execution. Clearly the Sapphire Rapids miss that we had, we’re raising the quality bars for that. We weren’t shipping at the quality levels, the security levels that we needed to in the past going clearly we shouldn’t have had that bug in the product in the first place. So that caused another stepping for the volume release. Our software release on our discrete graphics, right, was clearly underperforming. We thought that we would be able to leverage the integrated graphics software stack. And it was wholly inadequate for the performance levels, gaming compatibility, et cetera, that we needed. So we’re not hitting our 4 million unit goal in the discrete graphics space, even as we’re now catching up and getting better software releases. We also – I’ll say the timelines for our products as we’ve committed them to customers, hey, we don’t think we’re competitive with the best-in-class in the industry. Our design timelines, we have to get them better. And we’re focused on doing that. And that’s for some of the longer roadmap term items where we have to be best-in-class in our design cycles, design costs, power envelopes, architectural leadership, things that you would expect from Intel in the past, and we’re rebuilding those muscles for the future. So those would be the two examples we point to specifically that we’re visible this quarter, but we just don’t have a lot more work to do. And as I said, it takes these are three, four-year long projects. These were many of them were underway. We’re putting in place these disciplines now. And the products that are being launched with this entirely new methodology and alignment, well, they don’t come out for a couple more years. So we’re still working through that inventory of designs that were in process, a lot of work to do, a lot of rebuilding and that’s where a lot of my attention is being focused on. And maybe now that I spend a little bit less time in Washington, right, this is the focus for us as a team is getting that execution to be superb once again.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
John Pitzer: Next question, please operator.
Operator: We have a question from Randy Abrams with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Randy Abrams: Yes. Thank you. A multi-part question. If you could talk in IFS similar on the MediaTek announcement, the products scope, and potentially expand that to advanced products or reference design cooperation. Also want to task a bit more of the CHIPS Act, how it changes your approach to the business. And for David, if the capital offsets assume some of the U.S. benefits and how it could impact the tax rate?
Pat Gelsinger: Good. On IFS, clearly, MediaTek, they’re the largest fabulous supplier from Taiwan made, they’re seeking to have a broadening of their supply chain. And as we’ve said, our strategy is provide a pathway for customers to have a globally balanced resilient supply chain. As I also mentioned in the formal comments six of 10 of the largest Foundry customers in the world, we now have active engagement. So the pipeline of customers grew. We added another billion to the pipeline this quarter. MediaTek was an Intel 16 announcement, one of the more mature offerings in the portfolio, which makes sense, right. Intel 3, Intel 18a, these are yet to be, I’ll say designable products and we have test chips underway, but we’re not yet to the point that the PDKs or the design libraries would be adequate for people to make design commitments quite at this point in time. But overall, great progress on IFS. We’re thrilled with the MediaTek announcement and a robust pipeline of customers continues to build because this idea of a geographically balanced, resilient supply chain, Intel giving the best transistors and capacity corridors. And I’d also say that our IFS strategy pivots on this idea of system foundry. The world is moving where the – we’re moving from a board to a system and package. And a system and package needs advanced 2.5 and 3D package, an area of Intel’s leadership, interconnect standards. We’ve announced the standardization of UCIe. We’re leading that, software assets, another area of advantage for us and will engage with and deliver this across portfolio process technologies ours and others. This idea of system foundry is gaining clear interest to our customers as well. With respect to chips and capital, we’ll say, we were driving this for the last year and a half and we’re fully expecting this to be the case in time, we’re thrilled to get it done. That said, we also initiated such an effort with Europe. And that’s making great progress as well. And as Dave said, we’re also looking to other capital partners as well, which we hope to be able to talk about more in the future with you as well.
Dave Zinsner: And then just on your question, we have not assumed any CHIPS Act money in 2022. Our expectation is there’ll be a process and that process will take us into 2023 before we start receiving money from CHIPS. So not assumed in 2022, although, we’re assuming that we will see some in 2023. As you point out, the CHIPS Act or the bill that was passed is a combination of grant money and in tax credits, I think it’s a little early to determine exactly how all that is administered and makes its way into the – our P&L. So we’ll table that until that becomes clearer to us exactly how things shake out and we’ll give you more color once we have a better assessment of that.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Randy. Can we get the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I’m a little confused. You said that Sapphire Rapids was on time and it’s ramping in volume in the second half, but you also said data center growth in the second half was going to be pretty muted off of a base that’s really low. And then you also said that data center pricing improvements in the second half would be less than what you’re seeing in clients. So doesn’t really sound likes Sapphire Rapids ramp is helping at all. What is going on with that? Like, how should I be thinking about the impact of that Sapphire Rapids ramp? Is that ramps into volume? Or is it the question is like most of the volume coming into 2023 or why isn’t it having more of an impact in the second half. Is it ramps?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. We said in the prepared remarks that it’s later than we were expecting Sapphire Rapids, it’s ramping later. We have some SKUs out, which is good, but the main SKUs are not out. And they happen later in the year. And of course, they’ll contribute way more significantly to next year than they’re going to contribute to this year. We do see an opportunity in the client space, given our Alder Lake position for pricing increases that are really passing on inflation. And we know customers understand that obviously our competitive position is not as strong in the DCI business. And so there are opportunities to adjust pricing, but not across the board, so that is impacting us a bit.
Stacy Rasgon: But you’re basically saying that’s Sapphire Rapids is effectively a first half 2023 volume ramp. That seems to be what you’re saying. Yes.
Pat Gelsinger: I think there’s some ramps this year and then mostly at ramps next year. Yes.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. Like I said, we started shipping some of the SKUs earlier in the year, right. Those weren’t some of the higher volume SKUs, the volume ramp SKUs were pushed out, right, as we said Stacy. And they will start ramping late in the year, but the bigger financial impact definitely is next year. Sapphire Rapids, right, is still the leadership product. We continue to get great reviews from our customers on the product areas like AI performance, that we’re competing with low the mid-tier of NVIDIA dedicated AI processors, the security capabilities as part of it, unquestioned the accelerators and unquestioned leadership. We’re also getting more and more momentum from our software optimizations that come with it as well. So all of those taken together, a lot of enthusiasm, every cloud vendor, every data center vendor et cetera is enthusiastic for this product. And we’re now, as I say, in the final days of getting it completed and beginning those customer volume ramps. And obviously financially, we’ll start to see some of those inventory reserves reversing as well, but yes, this was not our finest hour in execution. We’re rebuilding our execution machine and this product, a lot of enthusiasm forward in the marketplace as we deliver it.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Stacy. Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: We have a question from William Stein with Truist. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. It relates to that last topic of the timeliness of delivery of new products. So while Sapphire Rapids is delayed, sounds like something on the order half the year. Pat, in the press release, it noted that the later nodes are still on track or ahead of track, I think was the language. As outsiders, what can we look to sort of judge and determine whether Intel is continuing to be on pace as we progress through the quarters, aside from just the sort of summary statements and the press release. Is there some other metric you could disclose of there some way we can better understand whether Intel is getting back on track and keeping these commitments to deliver these products as you’ve scheduled it. Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Maybe as we just run through the five nodes quickly Intel 7 done, volume shipments, we said five nodes, four years, Intel 7, 35 million units, you can go rip one apart. I’m sure our competitors have done, tear downs on it done. Intel 4, right, we’ve said is, hey, Meteor Lake looking good. At this point, it’s now broadly sampled to customers. So it’s looking very healthy as well. Also, we had the independent analysis of our detailed updates that we gave at the VLSI conference recently. And if you go look at some of the reports from that, people were pleasantly surprised. They said, oh, Intel 4, it looks as good as some of the three nanometer competitors. So this is looking pretty good. So certainly we’ll be giving more of those technical updates going forward on the real performance. Also, we’ve given updates on Granite Rapids, one of the lead vehicles of Intel 3. We also have said that, we’ll give you updates on 20a and 18a test chip updates and others. We’ll also have independent assessments of those as we announce foundry customers, right, which will be another point to validation that you’ll see. So we’re going to keep giving you more and more points of validation as we go along for, trust me, these are analyzed, the performance of each one of these process nodes, the defect density of each of these process nodes, the maturity of the design collateral, the residents from the foundry customers for each one, it’s being scrutinized extraordinarily well. And with that, I think you’ll get more and more confidence that what we’re saying is not only verified by us, but independently by industry sources as well. So with that, let me just wrap up our time. First, I’d like to say, thank you. We’re grateful for you joining us today, opportunity that you’ve given us to update you on our business. We summarized three key messages as we finish. We’re not satisfied with the quarter and the financial results that we gave you today. We have growing confidence in the strategy and we are optimistic finally about the future. We deserve some tough questions this quarter, but also appreciate that they’re fair and relevant to the business. Transformations are not easy, but nothing worthwhile ever is. And despite the headwinds that we’re seeing, we demonstrated substantial progress in IFS, NEX business records, PSG record in that business, the chips passage today huge, clear customer wins like AWS and Meta and NVIDIA. And for the last question, great progress on our TD milestones and our manufacturing milestones. With that, we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Intel Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker host, Tony Balow, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tony Balow: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Intel's first quarter earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, Dave Zinsner. In a moment, we'll have brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, it does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we'll be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include both the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, Tony, and thank you for joining us today. Q1 was another solid quarter where we beat on the top line, exceeded our guidance on gross margin and EPS, and where we continue to execute on our long-term growth strategy to unlock a $1 trillion market opportunity. As we laid out at our recent Investor Day, our strategy is built around 4 key pillars. We will deliver leadership products anchored on open and secure platforms powered by at-scale manufacturing and supercharged by our people. In Q1, we made great progress in all of these areas, and we are continuing to hold our full year revenue outlook. In our data center and AI group, we began shipping initial SKUs of Sapphire Rapids to select customers as planned. We also unveiled our expanded dual-track Xeon road map that strengthens our position in both per core performance and performance per watt for cloud and enterprise workloads. We launched our Arc A Series GPUs for laptops, taking our first steps to give the graphics industry a much needed new addition. Mobileye demonstrated its Level 4 self-driving system in Jerusalem, a major milestone in preparation for its upcoming robotaxi services. We continue to add to our talent with strong industry leaders like Christoph Schell, who recently joined us from HP as our Chief Commercial Officer. And finally, we took another major step in creating a balanced semiconductor supply chain with the announcement of our plans for new investments in Europe. We also held the grand opening of our latest leading-edge factory in Oregon, including a new name for the campus, the Gordon Moore Park at Ronler acres, which recognizes our founder and the site's unique contribution to driving Moore's Law. Q1 also marked a special moment for Intel as we announced our plans to further reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and develop more sustainable technology solutions, including using 100% renewable energy across our global operations by 2030 and achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions in our global operations by 2040. Overall, Q1 was a great start to the year as we continue to execute on the path to our long-term growth story. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are executing at a torrid pace, and I remain confident in our path forward. Before I get into specific updates for each of our business units, let me start with some observations of what we are seeing in the industry. I continue to believe we are just at the beginning of a long-term growth cycle across semiconductors. We continue to see some match set limitations in areas like ethernet, some softening in low-end consumer PC and some inventory adjustments, as we discussed on our last call. But overall, the demand signals from customers continue to be robust in areas like enterprise, cloud, AI, graphics and networking. Semiconductors are the fuel of innovation and transformation across a wide range of industries. In the supply chain, lockdowns in Shanghai and the war in Ukraine have demonstrated more than ever that the world needs more resilient and more geographically-balanced semiconductor manufacturing. The chip shortage cost the U.S. economy $240 billion last year and we expect the industry will continue to see challenges until at least 2024 in areas like foundry capacity and tool availability. As an IDM, we believe we are in a good position in the industry to manage through these constraints. In fact, Intel is rising to meet this challenge. Following our announcements in Arizona, New Mexico and Ohio, we recently announced a series of investments in Europe, spanning our existing operations as well as our new investments in France and Germany, the Silicon Junction. These investments position Intel to meet the future growth and represent a significant step toward our moonshot goal of having half the world’s semiconductor manufacturing located in the U.S. and Europe. The pace at which we can reach this goal is dependent on the actions of the U.S. and other governments. America showed leadership when Congress passed the CHIPS Act, but the global situation has grown even more serious since then. The EU has been very aggressive in moving legislation forward to meet this challenge, and I recently testified before the Senate to highlight the critical need for the U.S. to fund the CHIPS Act. I continue to encourage Congress to fund this critical legislation and enable us to move faster towards making a balanced semiconductor supply chain a reality. Turning now to Intel. We continue to make great progress on our plans to deliver 5 process nodes in 4 years. Intel 7 is ramping extremely well with Alder Lake and on Intel 4, Meteor Lake has now successfully booted Windows, Chrome and Linux. The speed at which the team was able to achieve this milestone is a significant sign of the health of both Meteor Lake and our Intel 4 process technology. We plan to deliver several additional milestones in 2022, demonstrating our process technology development remains on track. This includes early Sierra Forest preproduction wafers on Intel 3, IP test wafers on Intel 28 and foundry customer test chips and initial IP shovels on Intel 18a. Simply put, we remain on and in some places, ahead of schedule to deliver 5 nodes in 4 years. Our manufacturing network continues to perform well in a challenging environment. For the first time in years, Intel fabs and our substrate supply are close to meeting our customers' demand. Using our IDM advantage, the team was able to remix almost 3 million units within lead time to meet changing demand signals. For example, we were able to partner with Meta to improve their Xeon supply and meet their needs. Finally, our supply chain resilience showed as our teams worked tirelessly to mitigate any significant disruptions to our factory operations from the war in Ukraine, supplier shutdowns, and COVID lockdowns in China. Turning to our business groups. At our Investor Day, we laid out our long-term growth strategy centered around 6 distinct but highly complementary business units, a structure that provides investment flexibility, increased market resilience and enhance transparency for investors. And in fact, we will report our results in this structure for the first time today. Our client group continues to deliver world-class platforms, positioning us to win share, grow ASP and win share of market. There is broad ecosystem agreement that the long-term PC market is sustainably larger going forward driven by PC density, refresh rates and increased penetration as the PC remains the essential tool for work, learn and play. We are seeing particular strength in gaming and in commercial PCs that is somewhat tempered by slower consumer, inflationary pressure and customer inventory management, which Dave will talk more to later. Our 12th gen Alder Lake family continues to ramp in Q1, and we have already shipped more than 15 million units. This family now has more than 250 designs planned this year from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, LG, Samsung and others. And it includes the world's fastest desktop processor, the Core i9-1200KS. Alder Lake will scale across every segment, including for businesses of all sizes with the launch of our latest vPro platform. vPro offers industry-leading manageability and security for business, including the first and only hardware-based ransomware detector with Intel Threat Detection. The strength of our client road map continues with Raptor Lake, where we are shipping both desktop and mobile samples to our customers today, and we plan to follow that with Meteor Lake in 2023. In data center, DCAI had strong year-on-year growth as customers continue to choose Intel and as we continue to deliver increasing value and innovation, we are seeing strength in both hyperscaler and enterprise, and we expect the market to grow double digits going forward, driven by workloads like AI and security. Here, too, we are seeing ecosystem supply constraints, particularly in Ethernet that have limited end system shipments, which we expect to be a headwind through the year. Our third-generation Intel Scalable processor Ice Lake has now shipped almost 4 million units and Amazon Web Services recently announced general availability of its EC2 I4i instance designed for storage and I/O intensive workloads. This is the 48th AWS instance powered by Ice Lake. I am also pleased to say that as committed, we began shipping initial SKUs of our fourth gen Intel Xeon scalable processor, Sapphire Rapids, to select customers in Q1. These are the first of many SKUs for Sapphire Rapids with more due to ramp throughout the remainder of the year. We also unveiled our expanded dual-track Xeon road map using performance and efficient cores delivered in a common platform, maximizing customer investments and on the cadence they prefer. Our first-generation E core Xeon will be Sierra Forest, which is designed to maximize performance per watt, providing high-density, ultraefficient compute for the cloud. For workloads that benefit from high performance per core and low latency like AI, we have our redefined Granite Rapids on Intel 3 with a new and improved P-Core. The strength of Intel Agilex and Stratix 10 FPGAs generated record revenue as we continue to win designs and ramp into key markets. Intel FPGA-based IPUs are deployed in volume at 5 of the top 6 cloud service providers, and we continue to win designs with comm service providers utilizing Intel's latest generation FPGAs and eASICs. Our launch of the Habana Gaudi-based AWS EC2 DL1 instance has shown end customers how they can reduce training costs by as much as 40% versus GPU-based instances. One of the early customers, Mobileye, is now using DL1 for training their object detection models. Gaudi 2 is already sampling the customers and demonstrating leadership performance versus competitive GPUs on multiple workloads. Finally, we continue to build our extensive data center software capabilities and recently announced the acquisition of Granulate. Granulate is a SaaS service that improves performance in cloud costs with its autonomous dynamic optimization service to unmodified customer workloads. The Network and Edge market continues to be strong with the transformation from proprietary fixed-function devices to fully programmable, software-defined infrastructure. Our Network and Edge Group is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this transition and had record revenue in Q1. At Mobile World Congress, NEX launched our newest Xeon D processor, built specifically for software-defined infrastructure across the network and edge, our latest Xeon D has more than 70 leading companies working on designs, including Cisco, Juniper Networks and Rakuten Symphony. We believe that in the network, O-RAN and vRAN, have reached a tipping point as the preferred model of all future network deployments. Nearly all commercial deployments running today are using Xeon and our FlexRAN software. We have more than 10 engagements with major global operators that we expect to be in high-volume commercial deployment within the next 2 years. We also launched a new version of our OpenVINO software toolkit, with downloads growing 70% year-over-year. Built on the foundation of One API, OpenVINO has enabled hundreds of thousands of developers to dramatically accelerate performance on rapidly growing AI workloads at the edge, including Z-block Computational who is using OpenVINO to deliver their AI MicroCloud solution to cities everywhere. Going forward, the scale out of 5G, the explosion of AI inferencing and the growth of low latency workloads will further drive the need for compute at the edge. They will eventually begin to shift compute from the cloud, making the edge the next wave of semiconductor growth. With a broad portfolio of hardware, software and deep ecosystem partnerships, NEX remains positioned to lead the transformation across the network and to win the edge. Moving to our emerging businesses. Our Accelerated Computing Systems and Graphics Group builds on our installed base of CPUs, IP and software and leverages a thriving open ecosystem to disrupt a large and growing market. In Q1, AXG had strong growth and celebrated a major milestone with the official launch of the Intel Arc A Series portfolio for laptops. Alchemist, the first of these products has been shipping to customers since early Q1 with designs from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Samsung and others. The A-Series enables up to a 2x performance improvement in graphics versus integrated graphics and incorporates Intel Deep Link technology, which utilizes Intel integrated graphics to increase application performance by up to 30%. The first laptops with Intel Arc 3 GPUs are available now. These will be followed by even more powerful designs with Intel Arc 5 and Intel Arc 7, along with desktop and workstation offerings later this year. In the data center, our flagship Ponte Vecchio GPU for high-performance computing and AI is sampling to customers. Ponte Vecchio, along with Sapphire Rapids with high-bandwidth memory, will power the 2 Exaflop Aurora Supercomputer at Argonne National Laboratory. In addition, Arctic Sound, our general purpose data center GPU designed for industry-leading media graphics and AI inference capabilities, will be available in the second half of the year. Finally, in Q1, we announced our intent to contribute to the development of blockchain technologies. Intel will help advance this technology in a responsible and sustainable way by developing energy-efficient computing technologies at scale. Blockscale, our first blockchain accelerator, is sampling today and will ship in production later this year. AXG remains on track to deliver over $1 billion in revenue this year. Our Intel Foundry Services hit a $1 billion run rate for the first time as we continue to make progress towards being the trusted provider of foundry services. Our overall customer pipeline remains robust, and we now have more than 10 qualified opportunities in advanced stages of engagement across our process and package offerings that collectively represent a deal value of greater than $5 billion. We have over 30 test chips committed to Intel 16 this year, and we expect the first Intel 3 and Intel 18a customer test chips to tape out in the second half of 2022. Our work with our 5 target anchor customers is progressing well. We expect additional updates later this year. Finally, we have seen tremendous enthusiasm from customers for our acquisition of Tower. Tower shareholders recently approved the proposed acquisition. We have completed regulatory review in 2 jurisdictions outside the U.S. and hope to close the transaction as soon as possible. Building on its market leadership in ADAS and AV solutions, Mobileye Advanced system launches have continued, including the next-generation BMW 7 Series with the leading-edge combination of EyeQ5 and an 8-megapixel camera as well as BMW Highway Assistant, which enables hands-free driving on separated roadways up to 80 miles per hour. We also added Miami and Stuttgart to our global AV testing program, bringing the total number of places where we have tested AVs to 10 cities in 6 countries across 3 continents. Additionally, we recently showcased Mobileye's Level 4 self-driving system in action for the first time with a robotaxi navigating the streets of Jerusalem. Mobileye expects to launch its commercial robotaxi services in Munich and Tel Aviv by the end of 2022. And finally, we remain committed to unlocking shareholder value and are working on our plans to take Mobileye public in 2022. In March, we announced that we confidentially submitted a draft registration statement with the SEC. The IPO is proceeding smoothly, and we continue to make good progress as we work with the SEC to refine our Form S-1. Before turning it over to Dave, I wanted to close with a few thoughts. First, I look forward to hosting our customers, partners and analysts at our Intel Vision event in Dallas on May 10 and 11. This will be our second Intel ON Series event dedicated to the future of business and technology. Next, as I said at our Investor Day, we believe we have a tremendous growth story over the next several years. We're investing in innovation and embracing an open approach to compute platforms and manufacturing. We continue to add to our incredible pool of technical talent. And of course, we remain intensely focused on rebuilding our execution machine. Finally, we'll continue to highlight our progress in key operational milestones as we manage within the financial framework we laid out in February. I know I speak for over 120,000 Intel employees when I say that while we have work to do, our best days are ahead. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. Q1 was a solid quarter, exceeding revenue, gross margin percentage and EPS guidance despite continued ecosystem supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures and macroeconomic uncertainty. 3 of our 6 newly formed business segments: NEX; Mobileye and IFS, achieved record quarterly revenue. Revenue was $18.4 billion, slightly exceeding our guidance, led primarily by broad-based strength in our NEX business. Gross margin for the quarter was 53%, exceeding our guidance by 100 basis points on improved manufacturing yields and lower factory costs. EPS was $0.87, $0.07 above our guide on higher gross profit and slightly lower operating expenses. Operational cash flow for the quarter was $5.9 billion and we received an additional $4.6 billion from the McAfee equity sale. Total cash and investments increased by $9.7 billion in the quarter to $39 billion, driven by the NAND divestiture and McAfee sale. CapEx for the quarter was $4.6 billion. Now turning to our newly formed business unit results. CCG revenue was $9.3 billion, down 13% year-over-year on ramp down of the Apple CPU and modem business. The expected OEM inventory burn we cited in our Q4 call as well as lower consumer and education demand. CPU ASPs were up greater than 25% year-over-year on richer mix and strong demand for our high-end mobile and desktop products across both our commercial and consumer segments. Operating profit was down 34% year-over-year on lower revenue, increased 10-nanometer and Intel 7 mix and increased spending to further strengthen our product and platform road map. DCAI revenue was $6 billion, up 22% year-over-year on strong Xeon demand from both our hyperscale and enterprise customers. DCAI operating profit was flat year-over-year as increased revenue was offset by increased 10-nanometer mix, factory start-up charges and increased investment in our technology and product road map. NEX achieved all-time record quarterly revenue of $2.2 billion, up 23% year-over-year on broad-based strength across the Cloud, Networking and Edge product lines. Operating profit was $366 million, up 51% year-over-year on higher revenue, offset by increased investment. Mobileye achieved all-time record quarterly revenue of $394 million, up 11% sequentially and 5% in comparison to Q1 '21, which saw exceptionally strong auto production and pipeline rebuilding due to COVID-related recovery last year. Operating profit was $148 million, down 13% year-over-year on increased investment in next-generation products. AXG revenue was $219 million, up 21% year-over-year on the ramp of its supercompute and Alchemist discrete GPU products. Operating loss was $390 million versus an operating loss of $176 million in Q1 '21, with the increase driven by new product qualification reserves on our Alchemist and Arctic Sound products, production ramp charges and increased investment. IFS revenue was $283 million, up 175% year-over-year on increased IMF tool shipments, increased automotive demand and initial revenue from Amazon and Cisco. Operating loss was $31 million, roughly flat year-over-year as revenue and gross margin increases were offset by increased investment to build out the custom foundry business. Moving to our full year and Q2 guidance. As Pat mentioned earlier, we continue to see strong end user demand for our products across each of our business units and we reaffirm our revenue guidance of $76 billion as lower than previously expected PC revenue is offset by NEX growth and DCAI hyperscale customer strength. More specifically, in our PC business, we continue to see strong commercial demand, offset by low-end consumer and education softness and the impact of no longer shipping to customers in Russia and Belarus. Further, component supply constraints continue to be a challenge with the most recent COVID lockdowns in Shanghai, further increasing supply chain risk and contributing to inflationary pressures that are having a negative impact on PC TAM for the year. As a result, we're seeing OEMs continue to lower inventory levels to better match demand and align with other system components. We expect elements of this inventory burn to continue in Q2, subsiding in the second half of the year. Although these headwinds have reduced our CCG revenue forecast, we expect CCG revenue to increase in the second half of the year as a return to normal seasonality boost demand, OEM inventory burn subsides and the ramp of our leadership, Alder Lake and Raptor Lake products position us to compete per share. For DCAI, we also expect to see a stronger second half of the year as hyperscale customer demand remains robust, component supply improves and the ramp of Ice Lake and Sapphire Rapid’s increased competitiveness. For NEX, we expect the strength we saw in Q1 to continue with growth throughout the year, fueled by improving component supply, continued 5G ramp and transformation at the edge. For AXG, we continue to expect full year revenue greater than $1 billion, driven by the launch and ramp of the Alchemist, Arctic Sound-M, Ponte Vecchio and Blockscale products. Finally, we expect to see second half growth in each of our 2 remaining businesses, Mobileye and IFS, as they ramp new products and secure new customers. For gross margin, we're guiding 52%, in line with the 51% to 53% range previously communicated. Note that the inflationary environment creates a headwind that we are continuing to monitor but we remain confident in our ability to mitigate the impact through continued cost reduction programs as well as increased pricing in certain segments of the business. For EPS, we're guiding $3.60, $0.10 higher than prior guide on the Q1 beat and a slightly improved tax rate of 12%. Finally, net CapEx guidance of $27 billion and moderately negative adjusted free cash flow for the year remain unchanged. We have made significant progress on our smart capital initiatives, and we'll continue to manage within the framework communicated at Investor Day. Moving to Q2 guidance. For revenue, we're guiding $18 billion, down 2% sequentially on the short-term headwinds detailed earlier and the impact of an additional 14th week in Q1. For the lockdowns in Shanghai, we're estimating the impact to be relatively contained under the assumption that these restrictions are nearing an end. Even under a short lockdown, we anticipate it will take some time for the supply chain to normalize. And if the lockdowns persist or spread beyond Shanghai, we could see more material impacts to our outlook. For gross margin, we're guiding 51%, down approximately 200 basis points sequentially on increased 10-nanometer and Intel 7 mix and Raptor Lake prequalification reserves. We had always expected Q2 gross margin to be at the low end of our range and with our full year guide of 52%, we expect gross margin to inflect upward in the second half of the year as revenue increases and inventory reserve sell-through. Finally, we're guiding a tax rate of 12% and EPS of $0.70, down $0.17 sequentially on lower gross profit and higher OpEx. With that, let me turn it back over to Tony and get to your questions.
Tony Balow: All right. Thank you, Dave. Moving on now to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: And our first question is coming from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Pat, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the inventory dynamic you're talking about. Your inventory is up internally, but you're talking about some of the inabilities to ship with match sets, et cetera, going forward. So can you guys just give a little more color on where the specific Intel inventory is versus a more generic inventory and shortage problem, specifically in the PC side of your business, it seems?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you, Ross. And I'll just start out by saying, again, I'm really pleased with the execution of our team and what had plenty of turbulence in Q1 and to meet and beat in Q1 was really spectacular. Now on the inventory piece, we did talk about that we are building 10-nanometer inventory. We have new products that we're ramping into the marketplace. And we do see some of those will be reversals as we go into the latter part of the year as that inventory will start flowing through the product area. So we would say this is very typical management of new product ramps and specifically around Sapphire Rapids, Alder Lake, we'll start seeing Raptor Lake as well. So those will be the key areas that you'll see that inventory shift occurring. Also, as we've indicated, we did see our customers' inventory burn down in Q1. We expect some of that to be in Q2 as well. But by the second half, we expect those adjustments and obviously the strength of second half outlook, we do expect much of that inventory burn to have finished in the first half and a strong second half as we're ramping our new products that will have much better performance feature, some of that with higher costs, but also coming with higher ASPs.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
Tony Balow: Operator, why don't you go to the next caller. We can just come back to C.J. later.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: I know you held the full year, but I mean the first half is kind of coming in lower, so it does kind of imply that you're taking the second half probably up versus the prior expectations. But in that light, obviously, we've got PCs that maybe look like they're at risk. You talked about China shutdowns that if they last longer, that could bring risk. You talked about issues, I guess, with server builds with your customers that you said would persist. I guess what gives you the confidence that things actually will be inflecting? And it looks like you're looking for kind of a hockey stick across all of your businesses in the second half to first? Like how do investors get confidence that that's after the way things are going to be playing out and that you've built enough conservatism in the guide? I guess, long story short, I'm asking why hold the annual guide in the wake of all that?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you, Stacy. And clearly, we overachieved in Q1, right? Q2, we were -- it's a little bit lighter, right? Given some of those, we've taken it down a bit, given some of those factors, but not substantially. This is very in line with what we expected. We were always forecasting a stronger second half of the year. And that's what gives us confidence. We have built into our year guide, some room, right, for things to happen. Like any good company would we built some expectations that not everything goes right. And that's why we're very confident in reaffirming our overall yearly revenue guidance. Now let's tease apart some of the factors that give us that confidence. First, we'd say, hey, we see strong growth in our DCAI business. We see strong growth in our NEX business. And particularly those areas, those are long lead time businesses with our customers. We have strong views of the business expectations that we have. We do see strength in the enterprise and governance business. First half to second half, you always see the normal cyclicality of the client business and particularly in the second half, we're going into a much stronger product line with Alder Lake and Raptor Lake and the reversal of inventories for Raptor Lake and Sapphire Rapids starting to hit there as well, which will be very nice to improve both operating gross margins as well as the revenue outlook. And then, right, we have an extraordinary set of products that were coming in the second half of the year. When you think about AXG, we have all of the discrete products ramping in addition to the mobile ones that we launched in Q1. We have our new GPU products with Arctic Sound. We have Ponte Vecchio ramping. We also have our blockchain products ramping. We have the new Xeons and NEX ramping, IFS is ramping. We see strength in our Mobileye business. So all of these give us confidence in the second half. And this is very consistent with the outlook that we gave in our Investor Day. We were always expecting this to be the characteristic of first half and second half. And obviously, a small beat in Q1, a little bit of weakness in Q2 that we've accounted for these disruptions and strength in the second half. We are on track to do exactly what we said at the Investor Day, and we're building momentum to accomplish exactly that, with the great execution that we saw in the first quarter around products, around manufacturing, around dealing with supply chain challenges. This machine is building momentum. We're confident in our second half outlook.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Apologies for the confusion earlier. I guess given the change in segments, I would love to try to set the stage here for what expectations should look like for the big 3, CCG, DCAI and NEX into Q2? And then for all of 2022, if there's any way you can kind of help plus or minus to the relative growth rates that you're guiding to for both June and the full year?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Thanks, C.J. And overall, this is the first quarter we're giving clear updates against the 6 business units. Clearly, that means things like DCAI, we're pulling out the NEX business from what might have been counted for before as part of data center. And we're giving clear views of how those businesses are performing, respectively. Overall, what we said in the client business, we'll see the seasonality plus a bit in the client business because of the strength of the product line. In DCAI, we see growth through the second half of the year. And we had strong year-on-year growth in the data center and AI business in Q1. And NEX, we expect that we're growing faster than the market. This is a good business for us. We're uniquely well positioned, and we see the strength of the Network and Edge being an area of particular growth. We were well over 20% growth rate in that business in Q1. So -- well, I don't think we'll see those kind of growth rates for the rest of the year, but a very strong growth businesses. But I'd also highlight that we are seeing the growth businesses, IFS, AXG and Mobileye being very strong growers for us, and they'll start more meaningfully as we go into the second half of the year, which is a little bit of the answer to Stacy's question before, solid growth across all of the business areas of the company, and we're starting to -- start seeing these new areas contribute in meaningful ways. So overall, affirming the second half of the year, seeing strength in all of the business areas, the product, the execution, all of them getting stronger.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research.
Pierre Ferragu: I'd like to focus on the 10-nanometer node and Intel 7. And maybe for you, Dave, first, you mentioned 100 basis points driven by improved yields. It's like really music to my ears, as you can imagine. And I'd love to hear a bit more, visibly this came as a surprise. So what's happening there? And could we hope for like continued improved deal on Intel 7 driving some positive surprise on the gross margin? Or should we assume that this node has a very little room to improve? And maybe for Pat on the same topic, Intel 7, I don't know if it reflects reality, but there is a lot of noise in the market about products ramping slowly, which is a cadence at which Sapphire Rapid is ramping. It seems a bit slow, a bit difficult. So my question in all candor is do these nodes, 10-nanometer and Intel 7, make it difficult to get into the market with products? Is that slowing the pace at which Intel can execute on the velocity of the road map? And should we expect things to go much, much faster when you move to Intel 4 and Intel 3?
Pat Gelsinger : So I'll start, and then I'll ask Dave to jump in. So overall, as we said, our 5 nodes in 4 years, we're performing well. Intel 7 is ramping more rapidly than we would have expected. Intel 4, we updated that we have Meteor Lake now powered on, which is our first product on Intel 4. Intel 3, we'll see the test wafers on that with our leadership products with Sierra Forest. In fact, just today, we taped out our first Granite Rapids compute die as well. We'll have the test wafers on 20a and 18a, which we expect to be a big foundry node as well. So I'll say, overall, the technology pipeline is doing tremendously well and really proud of our teams there. Intel 10, it's ramping very well. We're seeing good yields on that as Dave reflected, which overall gives us good momentum. In terms of products, Alder Lake has been a star, and it's ramping comfortably ahead of our expectations there, which has reaffirmed the health of Intel 7. Sapphire Rapids that you called out, it was first peer PRQs this quarter, and many of the additional SKUs, PRQ in Q2 -- in the second half of the year, and that's why you might be getting some of that views of the more muted ramp there. But we delivered on exactly what we said. First quarter PRQs of Sapphire Rapids, and we'll see strength in that as we go through the rest of the year. Also, Ice Lake has ramped very nicely now for our 10-nanometer server part. So overall, the technology and the manufacturing machine are performing quite well and really bode well for our outlook for this year and the years to come. So Dave, if you might add?
David Zinsner: Yes. So we had a good quarter in the first quarter in terms of yields. We are going to see a little bit of pressure on 10-nanometer in the second quarter. That's part of the reason we're seeing margins down to the low end of our stated range of 51%. But we do expect 10 nanometer to become a tailwind for us as costs improve through the back half of the year. And although Intel 7 is behind that, we're expecting the same from Intel 7.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Dave, I think I heard you say CPU ASPs and client were up 25% year-over-year. It's a pretty big number. Is that -- how much of that is -- if I heard that right, how much of that is mix shift away from things like Chromebooks? How much of that is success with new products like Alder Lake? Can you just give us a little bit more color on the delta there?
David Zinsner: I mean a lot of it is obviously mix, either shifting away from consumer education and newer product ramps. But as I said in the prepared remarks, given the inflationary environment, we are looking for targeted price increases in certain segments. So that really hasn't shown up that much yet, but will be part of the story going forward through the year.
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. And I'll just say, overall, the product line is healthy. We're seeing the mix shifts as you move to Alder Lake, Raptor Lake, being very strong, Ice lake as well. We'll start to see Sapphire Rapids factor into that in the second half of the year. So overall, we're coming into a stronger product cycle, Joe, right, which just gives us more opportunity to, right, to deliver higher value to customers, remix the products to higher price points. But overall, just have a more competitive product line as we go compete for market share as well.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: On Accelerated Computing and Graphics, client discrete GPU market is a pretty big market opportunity for Intel, right, $12 billion, $13 billion per year. So it looks like you guys started ramping your Arc GPU into notebooks now, your first gen product, the reviews look quite constructive. Is the team still on track to roll out desktop versions this quarter and still on track to ship 4 million plus discrete GPUs this year? And then any feedback from customers or gaming developers will be helpful as well.
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you, Harlan. And overall, AXG is on track. And we launched the mobile SKUs. We'll have the desktop SKUs coming in Q2. And we'll have more SKUs as we go through the year as well. We'll be filling out the product line. A lot of work, right, in qualifying games. And if you're a gamer, you know that there's just a lot of individual optimization work on some of the key titles so that work is underway, working with our OEMs to populate their portfolios of products as well. So I'll say you're going to see more and more of that hitting the market, and we'll be filling out -- we have the 3 versions. We'll have the 5, 7 and 9 versions of the year products coming out as we go build up that portfolio this year. And also, as I alluded to, AXG just has a boatload of products that is coming out across different segments, our high-performance computing products, our GPU products for data center, our blockchain of products. So in addition to the discrete graphics products, we have just a lot of products coming out of it. So overall, it's on track for the volume goals as well as for hitting the $1 billion revenue goal that we said at Investor Day as we go build, as we said, over the 5-year horizon to a $10-plus billion business. We see this as a great opportunity for us. And we have some unfair advantages with technologies like Deep Link, where we really get to build on the strong robust installed base that we have, the many years of software work that we've built into the foundations of the PC platform. So these are reasons that we do think that we have a great opportunity to build a major new business for us and one that's -- we're coming from a very small place into a very large market, a great growth opportunity for Intel that we're executing on aggressively.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: So the Q1 CapEx was about $4.6 billion, suggests a very big ramp in the back half to get to your $27 billion net CapEx target. We are hearing of a lot of constraints on equipment supply. I was hoping, Pat or David, if you could give us some color on the availability of tools and if there are any implications on your full year sales outlook because of the availability of tools?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes, I'll start with that one, and then Dave, you can add. Overall, CapEx is lumpy as we go through the year. And as such, we think overall that we'll still be on track to the overall CapEx target that we laid out. We are working very aggressively with the equipment companies. And we have deep, strong, long-term relationships there. And clearly, some of the '23 and '24 equipment goals are ones that we're working on aggressively right now, but we do feel comfortable that we have the supply chains lined up to meet our equipment objectives and really importantly, to meet the factory ramp cycles that we've laid out for the marketplace as we're opening up the new factories like we just announced. Our Oregon fab coming online. We have the next -- we're starting to take equipment now into our Ireland. We'll soon be doing that for our Israel fab ramp, we'll be groundbreaking on Ohio later this year. We'll be talking more about the German fab. So one by one, we're just executing on an aggressive build-out of our capital network and really quite pleased with the relationship that we have with the equipment companies to make that possible. That said, there definitely is some pressure on the equipment supply chain. We're also working closely with the equipment vendors. Many of them use Intel FPGAs. So we're working closely to make sure that we prioritize that piece of the demand to support them in that requirement. Dave, anything else you'd add?
Ross Seymore: Yes. I would just add that we did expect this quarter to be a bit lower than the quarterly average for the year to get to the $27 billion. So it's not a complete surprise, although it was lumpy, as you said, and did come in a little bit lighter. But we feel good. I would say the other thing is that when you look at it, I think we feel confident about the $28 billion growth CapEx. The $27 billion net CapEx obviously assumes a $1 billion of capital offsets. And I'd say the early read and of course, we're still early in the year, but looks quite good. So there's a potential we could actually do a bit better on the offset side, so that the net CapEx could potentially be a little bit [good].
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
MattRamsay: I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the DCAI segment. The revenue, I guess, went from $5 billion to $6 billion from last year, and you have operating margin down, I guess, 7 points. And I guess it's no surprise after some of the disclosures that we had last year. But maybe you could tease that apart a little bit mix between enterprise and cloud, were there big changes there? And I guess the real question, Pat, is what gets that margin moving in the right direction? Is it the move to Sapphire, where you have multi-die products that might yield better? Is it revenue growth? I'm just trying to understand the drivers to turn around the operating margin in that segment as we go forward.
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. And I'll start on that one. Overall, the DCAI performed a little bit better than we expected for Q1. So I'd say overall, this is what we expected. The biggest factor on margins was the ramp of the 10-nanometer product line and the costs associated with that. So that was the biggest factor associated with it. As we're looking at that, there also was, I'll say, relative strength in the cloud piece of that business, the hyperscalers and the enterprise piece of the business was a little bit more constrained by match set. So we did see a little bit of that effect in Q1. As we go through the rest of the year, we do see good outlooks on both the hyperscaler as well as on the enterprise and government side. We're working aggressively to solve the match set problems. So we are hopeful that we'll be able to do a bit better in that area if we are able to address some of the shortages that we've seen in areas like Ethernet. Obviously, as we go into the second half of the year, the product line gets stronger. As we see Sapphire Rapids ramp, we'll be launching products like Sapphire Rapids, HBM and the HPC segment, we’ll be ramping Ice Lake more aggressively with higher volumes as we go into the second half of the year. So all of those start moving the product line in the right direction and margins commensurately with it. We also have gotten great response for the longer-term view of our segment and road map. And as we've laid out, we'll have both the efficient cores as well as the performance cores which better satisfy the market requirements. And I believe that will be a factor of better pricing as better -- as well as better margins over time because you're not trying to stretch one product across really 2 distinct segments of the marketplace and really having highly optimized products for both the hyperscaler as well as the broader enterprise requirements. So overall, we think that the strategy that we've laid out, we've gotten great response from our customers for, and as I already indicated, we're executing as we set Sapphire Rapids' first PRQs this quarter, many more as we go through the rest of the year, and we'll be ramping that aggressively and seeing a good response from the customers. And I'd also say, particularly with Sapphire Rapids, every hyperscaler, every OEM has many SKUs lined up for this. This product will be extremely well respected, accepted and broadly deployed in the marketplace this year. Dave, anything else you would add?
David Zinsner: I would just add, we set out a goal in the Investor Day for the company to have gross margins of 54% to 58% and call it, roughly 30% operating margin. And I think when we start to see the fruits of the investments we're making, both in terms of process technology that's weighing down on the COGS and the investments we're making in operating expense to build out the product portfolio and get to leadership, those things will start to show strong scale on the top line side. And so I would bet this business is accretive to our overall corporate average.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I had two. I guess the first question is, TSMC is kind of pushing out the timing of the high-volume 3-nanometer EUV. And I guess the first question is sort of how that impacts your GPU and your CPU road map? And then I had a follow-up where really, Dave, I wanted to ask you on how you're going to account for subsidies? Are you going to account for those kind of in a contra account, so that as the depreciation ramps, you could offset some of that with that contrary account coming from subsidies?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. And on the first part of it, clearly, the implications of foundry timing is something we have to work very carefully. And there is not just a question of the timing of a node, it's also the capacity of nodes. And with some of those changes that have been reported in the industry, we're just working through that with our product teams to make sure that we're aligning well to the availability of the foundry technologies. But I would say that our IDM model just gives us fundamentally an advantaged business model here, where given the majority of our volumes are internal, we are able to balance between what we use externally for wafers and what we use internally for wafers. And thus, we're able to do a much better job satisfying our customers and having a more competitive product line. I'd also again add, Tim, that our execution of our 5 nodes in 4 years on or ahead of schedule across it, this just reinforces the competitiveness that we've described where we do see ourselves coming back to a position of unquestioned process technology leadership, and we're building out the manufacturing capacity at scale to deliver that to our customers. So IDM 2.0, well leveraging the foundries, but even more importantly, building leadership technologies with that scale manufacturing to deliver the most robust product line in the industry. So Dave?
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. So it somewhat depends on the -- which capital offset you're talking about, the grant are usually aligned with a certain set of assets. And so they are contra and they get depreciated over the same life cycle of the asset. Things like [Indiscernible] that we talked about is a bit more of a financing arrangement. So it doesn't necessarily have an impact on the P&L, but it will be shown on the capital statement as a capital offset, like a partner contribution that will reduce our cash flow burn we have. Prepays are handled more or less like they show up as an asset on the balance sheet. And as you ship products, you reduce that account. So it's somewhat dependent on which one we're talking about. But the one I think that you're talking about is the government incentives and yes, you're right there, they're contra accounts. They're on the contra account.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra: How should we look at your discrete GPU platform in terms of expanding that beyond just consumer? And if you could talk about the software ecosystem that you might be building around to encourage adoption?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Thank you. And the answer is yes, we're going to be delivering the GPU products first for mobile, as we said, next for desktop. It will be game-centric as we're bringing them out of the marketplace. But we're also going to have a full lineup and we see actually some very unique advantages as we think about media, some of the professional developers where we're already demonstrating radically advantage that positions like on some of the advanced graphics and media artist product lines. So these will be areas of strength. Particularly when we bring our Arctic Sound product into the marketplace later this year, this will be well optimized for GPU environments and particularly will be strong in areas like encoding and media processing as well that if you think about cloud, you can certainly think about AI and training workloads, but many clouds are actually spending far more time on transcoding and media operations. So that will be an area of unique strength of our Arctic Sound product line. So and -- so if you think about that taken together, we'll be competing in the integrated graphics, the discrete graphics, the GPU business, the high-performance computing business will really be leveraging that technology across the entire space of the market. And that's part of the reason that we're very encouraged by our ability to ramp this into a very significant business for Intel and one where we have a lot of advantages to build upon.
Tony Balow: Okay. Last question?
Operator: And our last question is coming from the line of Srini Pajjuri with SMBC.
Srini Pajjuri: Pat, I want to go back to the Sapphire Rapids ramp. Can you talk about how the ecosystem is coming together given that this is a new platform, especially in DDR5 and PCIe 5.0, et cetera? My question -- the real question is I just want to understand what your expectation for the ramp is versus the previous generations? Do you think this is going to be faster ramp versus Ice Lake? Or this is going to be a slower ramp? And also, when do you expect we'll see a public cloud instance based on Sapphire Rapids?
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. Great question, Srini. And clearly, one of the things that Intel as the market leader, right, the volume leader, it is this ability to ramp key new technologies. And with the Sapphire platform comes DDR5. And if we were talking 90 days ago, we were fighting through some challenges on DDR5 with the memory of suppliers and really working on debugging those interfaces. We now feel very confident that multiple suppliers are now qualified. We're seeing good momentum from the memory partners in this area, they're ramping up their supply chains for the Sapphire platform, right? It's really that one that brings a major new memory technology into the marketplace and really reinforces Intel as the leader in data center and server market. Overall, we're modeling very carefully, your exact question about looking at this versus the Ice Lake ramp. And our objective is to ramp this platform meaningfully faster than we did the Ice Lake platform. We're doing a lot of work for the software stack, the validation of that, making sure that we've really worked through all of the early sitings that customers would have, driving down the defect rates in the platform that our customers can ramp this at volume. And as I already indicated, we're seeing a tremendous amount of SKUs and instance types across all of the OEMs as well as all of the hyperscalers in the marketplace, and we're looking forward to those being broadly available in the second half of the year. As we -- and I think then maybe just wrapping up the call today, we're grateful for all of you joining us the opportunity to update you on the business. It's great that we start the year with a beat. We are looking at the momentum of the execution machine of Intel seeing solid progress, so 5 nodes in 4 years, Alder Lake, Sapphire Rapids, Arc launch, increasing momentum with our customers. We remain true to this building out of a geographically-balanced and more resilient supply chain. And there's just lots of good things in flight that gives us confidence, not only in Q2 but to reaffirm our guidance for the year. And our leadership team, we're fired up, and we believe that this is the greatest turnaround story in history, and it's my honor as the CEO of this great company to be able to be part of this leadership team. So thank you all for joining us today.
Tony Balow: All right. Thank you, Pat, and thank you for joining us today. Operator, can you please close the call?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2021 Intel Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Tony Balow, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tony Balow: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Intel's fourth quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our new CFO, Dave Zinsner. Also joining us is our prior CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from Pat and Dave followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and, as such, it does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include both the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. In today's call, we will be discussing both the Q4 2021 and the full year 2021 results, providing forward-looking guidance for Q1 '22. We will be providing guidance for full year '22 at our Investor Day on February 17.  With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. First, let me say welcome to Dave, who is joining us for his first earnings call. Many of you know Dave well and know his track record of successfully driving shareholder value. We're very excited to have him join our team. I also want to take a moment to thank George for his many contributions during the critical period in the company's transformation. Everyone here at Intel wishes him all the best in his future endeavors as he begins his planned retirement in May. Q4 was a tremendous finish to a transformational year where we beat expectations on both the top and bottom line. We exceeded our guidance for the quarter by over $1 billion on the top line, finishing with our best quarter and our best full year revenue ever. We had a record quarter for DCG, where we grew 20% year-on-year and where we continue to be the partner of choice for cloud and data center customers. We expect that our Xeon shipments in December alone exceeded the total server CPU shipments by any single competitor for all of 2021. We had a record year for our client business. And in Q4, we outperformed our plan and delivered another $10 billion quarter, highlighting again that the PC is more essential than ever. Continuing our momentum as the market leader in ADAS and AV solutions, Mobileye grew more than 40% year-on-year in 2021, delivering a 14th consecutive year of revenue growth. And finally, IOTG had another $1 billion quarter to cap a record year as the need for compute at the edge continues to grow. Supporting these record results, our manufacturing network continued its superb execution throughout the year. As an IDM, we were able to rapidly adjust to support customers' mix changes, often with a normal lead time, and manufactured more than 2 million wafers. We broke ground on 2 new fabs in Arizona 3 months ahead of schedule as part of the largest overall manufacturing expansion in Intel's history and all while managing a challenging COVID environment and focusing on the safety of our employees, suppliers and partners. We also took several in a series of key steps to shape our business. To begin with, we've recently completed the first close of the sale of our NAND business on time, a critical step in optimizing our portfolio in line with our new strategy. Second, we began unfolding our plan to find innovative ways to sustainably unlock shareholder value with the announcement of our intent to take Mobileye public in 2022.  Third, just last week, we announced our new manufacturing site in Ohio, which will support our future growth and advances our plan to create a more geographically balanced, resilient supply chain. While there is a lot left to do, we're building momentum, and we intend to continue our laser focus on execution, innovation and growing the business. Finally, Q4 was a sacred moment for the entire technology industry as we led the 50th anniversary celebration of the Intel 4004, the chip that changed the world. Microprocessor technology sparked by the Intel 4004 allows us to stay connected during the pandemic. It has opened up new ways to work and learn. It has removed geographical boundaries and changed almost every aspect of our lives. We are committed to accelerate this impact for the next 50 years as the insatiable need for compute that started with the 4004 continues to drive the value of Moore's Law. At IEDM, we outlined a long-term path toward more than 10x density improvement in packaging and a 30% to 50% area improvement in transistor scaling. As the steward of Moore's Law, we remain committed to keeping it alive for the next decade and beyond. Looking across the industry, 2021 was dominated by 2 recurring themes, unprecedented demand and ecosystem supply constraints. The strong demand we saw throughout 2021 continued in Q4, and markets remained robust across all our businesses. We expect this trend to continue as the digitization of everything, driven by the 4 superpowers of AI, pervasive connectivity, ubiquitous compute and cloud-to-edge infrastructure leads to an era of sustainable growth. 2021 marked the best year in a decade for the PC industry, with third parties reporting a growth rate of approximately 15%, driven by higher PC density, shorter replacement cycles and increased market penetration.  In Q4, we also saw the strong recovery in the channel as increased supply led to a record sell-through for Intel, and we started to see inventories return to pre-pandemic levels. The data center market was strong across all geographies in Q4, led by the enterprise where the market continued to recover from COVID lows. We expect the data center, network and edge markets to continue to have robust growth as hyperscalers lay out multiyear cloud CapEx investment plans. The ongoing need for data privacy and security drives additional edge and on-prem deployments. 5G network and edge build-outs are scaling and workloads like AI continue to expand. This unprecedented demand continues to be tempered by supply chain constraints as shortages in substrates, components and foundry silicon has limited our customers' ability to ship finished systems. Across the industry, this was most acutely felt in the client market, particularly in notebooks, but constraints have widely impacted other markets, including automotive, the Internet of Things and the data center. As we predicted, these ecosystem constraints are expected to persist through 2022 and into 2023, with incremental improvements over this period. The industry will continue to see challenges in a variety of areas, including specialty and overall foundry shortages, substrates as well as third-party silicon. While constraints will remain, our IDM2.0 strategy affords us a superior position to navigate this environment. With control over our manufacturing network and supply chain, we are able to react to rapid changes in demand that help solve challenges for our customers, suppliers and partners. Equally important as an IDM, we remain more resilient to foundry price increases as only a minority of our volume is produced by third parties. Turning from the ecosystem to Intel. We made incredible progress over the last year improving our execution in technology development, manufacturing and product leadership. With unprecedented transparency, we laid out an ambitious path to deliver 5 process nodes in 4 years and regain process performance parity by 2024 and unquestioned leadership by 2025. We are shipping Intel 7 in volume today. And as I was able to say last quarter and can reaffirm today, we remain on or ahead of schedule for Intel 4, 3, 20A and 18A against the time lines we laid out in July. Our manufacturing execution continued to improve. And in Q4, as we ship a record number of servers and we have more than a 30% year-on-year reduction in 10-nanometer wafer costs, we had record quarterly increase in our substrate capacity with our vendors, and we accelerated our pace of innovation with a record number of PDK releases and new product introductions in our factories. Finally, as part of our strategy to use both internal and external manufacturing, we signed multiple long-term supply agreements ranging from foundry partners to substrates to equipment suppliers that will support the growth of our business for years to come. In particular, we announced the deepening of our ASML partnership and our leadership position with the second generation of EUV High-NA. In client, we had another $10 billion quarter, and 2021 was our 6th straight year of revenue growth. We feel great about our position within the sustainably larger client market, and we had an all-time record shipments with customers like Dell. We have a great product lineup starting with Tiger Lake, which has now shipped over 100 million units, making it the fastest-ramping notebook in our history. We are extending our leadership position further with products like our 12th generation Alder Lake, the fastest client processor ever, which is now shipping to over 140 customers in 30 countries around the world. As our first performance hybrid product, it features the highest-performance CPU core Intel has ever built as well as the efficient cores optimized for power. It leads the industry transition on DDR5 and PCIe 5 to enhance gaming and creator experiences. The Alder Lake family will scale across every PC segment from ultra-thin and light laptops to enthusiast desktops, where we've now set new overclocking records to mobile gaming, where the Core i9-12900HK, the world's best mobile gaming processor, is up to 40% faster than the prior generation. Following on the success of Alder Lake, we will continue to build momentum later this year when we expect to introduce Raptor Lake, which is already booted in our labs. In addition to leadership products, we are also driving platform innovations. And at CES, we unveiled our third-gen EVO platform. This new generation includes features like intelligent collaboration to optimize remote work and learning experiences as well as Thunderbolt 4 and WiFi 6E. With no legacy Wi-Fi interference, WiFi 6E will enable incredible performance with low latency, the biggest WiFi advancement in 20 years. We are further reinvigorating the PC ecosystem with technologies like Screenovate, which provides a seamless multi-device and screen-sharing experience, which will begin rolling out on select Intel Evo platforms starting later this year. Driven by the strong product and platform lineup, we feel confident in our ability to compete and drive growth going forward. Our Data Center Group had its best quarter ever as customers continued rebuilding their confidence in choosing Intel. Enabled by our IDM advantage, Ice Lake servers shipped more than 1 million units, equal to the amount we had shipped in the prior 3 quarters combined. All of our OEMs are currently shipping systems, and all of our major cloud customers have announced instances, including our third instance with Amazon Web Services. Going forward, our road map only gets better, and we expect to ship initial SKUs of Sapphire Rapids to select customers in Q1. Sapphire Rapids will offer significant performance improvements across a range of workloads, including AI, where we are targeting up to 30x total gain for Xeon. This demonstrates that a general-purpose CPU with built-in AI acceleration can solve even more customer use cases that once necessitated GPU acceleration. Customers remain excited about Sapphire Rapids, and it has been chosen, along with HPE, to power the new Kestrel supercomputer, built for the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Kestrel will accelerate discovery of renewable power. Once completed in 2023, Kestrel will have more than 5x greater capability than NREL's existing system with approximately 44 petaflops of peak performance. Beyond the core data center, we continue to build on our leadership position from the network to the edge with our comprehensive portfolio of hardware and software solutions. We are leading the transformation of the network where Xeon and FlexRAN software are used in almost all DRAM commercial deployments. We are driving AI inferencing adoption at the edge with our OpenVINO software and partners like BMW Group and Samsung in the factory and medical environments. And we are extending the IPU ecosystem and accelerating the creation of fully programmable network by collaborating on new FPGA-based IPU solutions with Inspur, Ruijie Networks and Silicom. In our discrete and accelerated graphics business, we are starting the year very quickly. Alchemist, the first product in our Intel Arc Discrete Graphics lineup, is now shipping to customers with more than 50 new mobile and desktop designs, including with Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Samsung and others. Our Arc family of products will scale from mainstream up to the performance graphics segment and will be available in the market later this quarter. In high-performance computing, our Ponte Vecchio GPU is already sampling to customers. With 100 billion transistors, Ponte Vecchio has our highest compute density ever and along with Sapphire Rapids will power the 2 exaflop Aurora supercomputer at Argonne National Laboratory. There are over 100 HPC applications running on Ponte Vecchio, which, enabled by 1 API, provides a unified and open programming model across CPU and GPU. We are working with numerous partners and customers, including Atos, Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Quanta and Supermicro to deploy our HPC-tuned CPUs and GPUs in their latest systems. Our IFS business continues to see strong and enthusiastic customer support. We have a strong pipeline of potential customers and IP development with the ecosystem is progressing well. We are shipping for revenue on our packaging solutions, and we continue to expect customer test chips in our factories on our Intel 16 process this year. Innovations like RibbonFET and PowerVia are proving to be very attractive features to potential customers, and the Intel 18A design kit has now been released to 3 RAMP-C customers. Overall, we are ahead of where I thought we'd be, and I am thrilled with the progress of our IFS team. In mobility, Mobileye continues to be an industry leader in both ADAS and AV, and we recently hit a significant milestone shipping our 100th million IQ SoC. At CES, we gave a glimpse of the future with the EyeQ Ultra, which will do the work of 10 EyeQ 5 SoCs in a single package and was designed to deliver the optimum power and performance for a fully self-driving vehicle. In Q4, we also introduced our first autonomous on-demand service in Paris in collaboration with the RATP Group. Paris is the latest in a list of locations where Mobileye is piloting autonomous vehicle test fleets, including New York, Munich, Detroit, Tokyo, Israel and China. Looking ahead, we still expect to launch commercial robotaxi services in Munich and Tel Aviv in 2022. As we announced in December, we are working to take Mobileye public to unlock shareholder value. We are making good progress, and we'll share more as we go through the year. You'll hear a lot more about how we are rearchitecting our business for growth as part of our upcoming Investor Day. We will lay out details on how we are leveraging our core strengths to accelerate our plans and how we are uniquely positioned to create value. We'll give you the proof points you should expect to see in 2022 that show that we are on track for our long-term plan, all backed up by the transparency and accountability that our new reportable segments will provide. Let me close by saying again that Q4 was an incredibly strong finish to a great 2021. And I believe that, with growing markets, our strong product road map and our increasingly solid execution, 2022 will only be better. In fact, just in the past 24 hours, we were pleased to see the ruling from the General Court in Europe and their decision to overturn the EUR 1.1 billion fine. The semiconductor industry has never been more competitive than it is today, and we look forward to continuing to invest and grow in Europe. At the same time, here in the U.S., we were very excited to see the progress on the CHIPS Act with the House introducing their version of the bill yesterday. The President and other members of the administration have been clear on the importance of this transformational investment, and it's encouraging to see the strong bipartisan and bicameral support as we continue to work together to address the long-term impacts of the semiconductor shortage, restore U.S. leadership in this critical industry and rebalance the global supply chain. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. First, let me say how happy I am to be part of Intel. It's a really exciting time, and I'm looking forward to the opportunity to support Intel's transformation and plans for growth. I think we have a great opportunity to drive compelling returns and shareholder value, which all starts with the plans that we will lay out for you at Investor Day in February. Q4 was a record quarter, delivering a stronger-than-expected finish to another record year. Both DCG and IOTG achieved record quarters, with CCG, IOTG and Mobileye delivering full year record revenue. Q4 revenue was $19.5 billion, exceeding our guidance by $1.2 billion. The revenue beat was broad-based, led by stronger-than-expected enterprise and government demand in data center, desktop PC strength and better-than-expected notebook demand. Gross margin for the quarter was 55.4%, exceeding our guidance by 190 basis points due to strong flow-through on higher revenue. Q4 EPS was $1.09, $0.19 above our guide due to strong operational performance. For full year 2021, we achieved record revenue of $74.7 billion, up $1.2 billion from our previous guidance and up 2% year-over-year. 2021 gross margin was 57.7%, and EPS was $5.47, up $0.37 year-over-year. We generated $11.3 billion of free cash flow in 2021, approximately $1 billion lower than prior expectations as higher net income was offset by Q4 working capital fluctuations. Now turning to our business units. CCG delivered record annual revenue, its 6th straight year of revenue growth, up 1% year-over-year and up 6% when excluding the modem and connected home divestitures. For the quarter, revenue was $10.1 billion, up 5% sequentially on strong commercial demand. Platform ASPs were up 15% year-over-year on a richer mix, driven by strong demand for our highest-performing platforms and industry-wide constraints leading our customers to prioritize limited components to higher-end systems. Operating profit was down 3% year-over-year on increased spending to further strengthen our product and platform road map. The Data Center Group delivered a record $7.3 billion in revenue for Q4, up 12% sequentially and up 20% year-over-year on strong enterprise and government demand. Full year revenue was down 1% due to a slower-than-expected recovery earlier in the year as well as competitive pressure, partially offset by stronger enterprise and government and communications service provider demand. Platform ASPs were up 3% sequentially and 4% year-over-year on improved mix to our highest-performing products. Operating profit in Q4 was down 17% year-over-year, primarily due to the previously disclosed Intel Federal-related onetime charge and 10-nanometer product ramp. Full year operating profit was down due to lower revenue, with an increased mix of 10-nanometer products, Intel 4 start-up charges and increased investment in our product road map. IOTG achieved record Q4 and full year revenue. Q4 revenue was $1.1 billion, up 36% year-over-year on broad-based strength, led by the industrial and retail segments. Full year revenue was $4 billion, up 33% year-over-year as the business saw a strong recovery from COVID-related impacts. Operating profit for the year was $1 billion, up 110% year-over-year. PSG delivered $484 million in Q4 revenue, up 15% year-over-year and up slightly quarter-over-quarter as industry-wide supply constraints continue to severely limit revenue growth. Full year revenue was $1.9 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Operating profit was $51 million, up 19% year-over-year. If not for the external supply constraints, we believe the PSG business would have delivered over $500 million in additional revenue in 2021. Mobileye reported Q4 revenue of $356 million and $1.4 billion for full year, up 43% year-over-year. Full year operating profit was $460 million, up 91% year-over-year. Before moving on to Q1 guidance, I want to briefly discuss changes to our non-GAAP reporting beginning in 2022 that we touched on in our Q3 earnings. First, in an effort to more closely align with our semiconductor peers and allow for more consistent comparability between periods, we'll be removing stock-based compensation and all gains and losses related to our ICAP portfolio from our non-GAAP results. Despite this change, we'll continue to closely evaluate stock-based compensation to ensure we're in line with industry benchmarks and optimize ICAP investments to advance our strategy and maximize ROI. Second, we're modifying our segment reporting to align with our revised organizational structure and business strategy. Moving forward, we will report results under the following business units: Client Computing, which includes our historical CCG business plus workstation revenue; Data Center and Artificial Intelligence, which includes our data center CPU products plus our PSG business; Networking and Edge, which includes our IOTG business plus our networking-focused products previously included in DCG; Accelerated Computing and Graphics, which includes all discrete graphics products; Mobileye, which is unchanged from our prior segmentation; and Intel Foundry Services, which includes revenue from our wafer and packaging offerings. This new reporting structure enables transparent accountability relative to how well we are managing and executing against the 6 business units that will be further communicated at Investor Day in February. Moving to our Q1 outlook. We continue to see strong demand across all our businesses, and note that Q1 includes the impact of an additional 14th week. We expect results to be tempered by continued industry-wide component constraints, normal seasonality and PC notebook inventory burn as OEMs work through inventory imbalances created by ecosystem constraints that have limited their ability to ship systems in certain segments. We expect Q1 revenue of $18.3 billion, down 1% year-over-year, but up 2% when adjusting for an approximately $600 million onetime corporate revenue item recognized in Q1 '21.  As we signaled in our Q3 call, gross margin will be impacted by our 10-nanometer product ramp and increased process technology investments. The aforementioned onetime corporate revenue item in Q1 '21 will also impact the year-on-year compare. We are forecasting gross margin of 52%, EPS of approximately $0.80 and a tax rate of approximately 15%. Note that we will provide full year 2022 guidance and more details on our long-term financial model as part of our Investor Day on February 17. We hope to see you there in person for a full day of presentations and Q&A sessions with our most senior leaders. Finally, I want to thank George for his 3 years at Intel, delivering outstanding results and making many of the changes necessary to begin our transition to a growth company. And now, let me hand it off to George to say a few words.
George Davis: Thanks, Dave. I want to close my final earnings call with sincere thanks to our Intel employees who amaze me every day and for the privilege to have served as your CFO. And I could not be more delighted that Dave is taking over, knowing all the incredible strengths he brings to the role. Thanks all.
David Zinsner: Thanks, George. With that, let me turn the call back over to Tony to get to your questions.
Tony Balow: All right. Thank you, Dave. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would that ask each participant ask only one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Congratulations on the results. Pat, it's great to see a second quarter of year-over-year growth in DCG and an acceleration over the calendar third quarter. But if you look underneath the covers, there's sort of 2 stories at play. Enterprises coming back extremely strong. But if you look at the cloud part of the business, I think this is the 5th consecutive quarter of year-over-year declines. And so I guess there's 2 parts to my question. One, when do you see a return to year-over-year growth in cloud? And two, to the extent that the investment community has a bias that everything eventually ends up in the cloud, what is kind of your long-term view of the sustainability of this enterprise demand?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, John, and thanks for the comments on a great finish to a great year. So as we look at the DCG business, we just say we started out behind early in the year digestion. And we've sort of been catching up and building momentum in the cloud piece of that business all year long. And we do see that momentum carrying into next year. So that creates some of the year-on-year quarterly compares that you described. E&G, really a tremendous second half and a really strong Q4 for that business where we have higher market share and have seen just a great environment. What we're hearing from our customers is that the momentum in E&G continues in the next year with very strong backlog positions, and it would have been even stronger had it not been for other supply constraints and match sets that we see. And as you may have heard me talk about before, we don't see everything going to the cloud. We see this balance of on-prem and cloud-based delivery. And cloud continues to grow faster than on-prem, but workloads continue to grow on-prem. Also, we expect to see an acceleration of edge-based -- and I spoke about this at our innovation conference, where the big story as we get out to 2 or 3 years from now is going to be accelerating edge growth. And that's an area that Intel has a very strong position in the edge, very high market share, leadership platforms in 5G in inference and AI. So overall, we expect to see a very balanced across our portfolio. We do see strength to see growth in our cloud business next year, continued sustainability of E&G. But the real story over the next couple of years we see as explosive edge growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Congrats on the strong end of the year. And thank you to George, and congrats to Dave. So with all that out of the way, Pat, I want to talk about the PC market. I know you've been one of the more optimistic folks on that. And the fourth quarter results showed a little bit of evidence as to why you're optimistic. But you also talked about some interesting inventory dynamics in there, where channel inventory was rising. Can you talk a little bit about your expectations for this year? Again, not front-running the Analyst Day too much, but the expectations for growth for the year and a little bit more on how you reconcile inventory rising with shortages still persisting?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And 2021 was really good, if not great year, for the PC. And I think most of the forecasts now are coming in estimating about 15% growth last year. As we're seeing IDC, Canalys, modest growth in the market next year. So as you've heard me -- and I think this matches exactly what Sacha said yesterday -- we'll just say a structurally larger market for us for next year and a couple of percent growth in that. So we see that we will be able to have continued growth in our client business. And obviously, with a stronger and stronger product line, we see ourselves in a very good position for our client market share. Now the inventory position is one where we have just been at historically low inventories for an extended period of time, just racing to catch up with demand. And so we would say that some of this is just getting to inventory levels that are even approaching what we consider normal for a business of this size and one that's managing these still significant supply constraints at different areas, power controllers, display led controllers, other aspects of substrates and different component pieces. So a lot of these challenges have really led to, I'll just say, supply issues throughout the customer base. So as we go to next year, we hope to see some of those starting to moderate and turn to a more normal behavior in the industry, in particular, the channel inventory levels, the ones that were essentially zero, right, for almost all of the year. And now we're starting to see just a little bit of build back in that area, which particularly, for our channel and distribution partners, sort of for the first time, giving them something to sell for the whole year. So a lot of response positively there. Overall, we still see that the PC is now becoming this essential part in an increasingly work from home, learn from home environment; Windows 11, a strong upgrade cycle being introduced by that. So a lot of good tailwinds and a great product line. It's going to be a great year for us in the client space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. I wonder if you could talk about the capital spending a little bit. And again, I don't want to tread on material you're going to cover at the Analyst Day. But the footprint in Ohio, the various comments that you've made about not being able to foresee having too much capacity in the next couple of years, as you think about that, how much of that is your existing x86 business versus foundry and other opportunities? And any sense for the capital spending you felt through this year, how much of that is going to be buildings versus equipment?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Joe. And I'll kick it off and ask Dave to comment as well. Overall, we would just say that supply constraints, we just have a lot of catching up to do in building out the capital footprint. And some of that is catching up. Some of that's building for the new process technologies are 5 of those in 4 years. But it also is leveraging the smart cap strategy that we've laid out, where, boy, I lost for having a free shell today that we could be ramping into. We simply have to build some more shell capacity. And then we'll be determining where is the best use and how to fill that as we start to build out those shelves. Everything that we've described, our Arizona build-out, our Ohio build-out, we do expect that, that will be satisfying both our internal products as well as creating capacity corridors for our foundry business as well. At Analyst Day, we'll be shaping that with more clarity. And Dave will be giving updates on a number of the capital aspects at the foundry -- for foundry as well as for internal capacity there. So Dave, what else might you add?
David Zinsner: Yes. First of all, thanks, Pat. And I just did want to say thanks for joining the call, and I'm really happy to be part of Intel. We have an exciting opportunity in front of us, and I couldn't be more excited to be a part of IDM 2.0. I think there's a lot of opportunity to create a lot of shareholder value. In fact, one of the areas we're doing that right now is increasing the dividend 5%. So it's great to -- my first quarter dividend raise….  On the CapEx -- on the CapEx front, Joe, obviously, as Pat mentioned, we'll give you a lot more granularity in terms of '22 and beyond in terms of CapEx. But if you look back at the 2021 CapEx split, it was roughly 60% equipment, 40% space build-out. So that's at least the ratio last year. Of course, it might evolve over time, but it gives you kind of a rough magnitude of the numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to dig into your inventory comments again. So I know you're talking -- you're saying you're building inventories, but your PC volumes were down 18% year-over-year. The PC market wasn't down 18% year-over-year. So it doesn't feel like you're building inventory. If anything, it feels like inventory is bleeding out. So for your parts only. So how do we square that circle? What's going on there?
Pat Gelsinger: You want to address that, Dave or George?
George Davis: Yes. Maybe I'll just comment a little bit on it. When we do a year-over-year comparison, obviously, Q4 of last year was a huge quarter for CCG, particularly with the consumer and entry SKUs. And so what we've seen really starting with the second half, in particular, for 2021, is a rotation out of the consumer and entry area into the, what we call, our big core notebooks and our desktop, which desktop had really dropped off. And now we're seeing kind of a strong recovery there. So we -- if we think a little bit about the growth of CCG year-over-year, we certainly look to be growing lower than the TAM. But if you take into account the fact that we -- you look at our exit of modem and our exit of Home Gateway and the impact that, that had on a year-over-year comparison, that's about 6 points of growth. And then the customer's decision to go vertical on -- a large customer decided to go vertical, that's about another 6 points. So the overall growth, the pattern is a little different because of the mix year-over-year. But the growth relative to the TAM, when you take into account these changes, is much more in line with the overall growth of the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: On Intel Foundry Services, it appears that the team is off to a good start. It looks like a lot of good early engagements. If I'm a potential IFS customer and I start my design today, realistically, right, I'm not expecting my chip design to be ready for manufacturing conservatively for at least 2 years because that's just how long the design cycle times are for these leading-edge chips. And it seems consistent with your prior commentary on IFS customers more focused on your 20 and 18A nodes which is kind of 2024, 2025 timeframe. So if I think about the real big CapEx outlay to support IFS, my assumption is that it's probably not until 2024 or maybe even 2025 timeframe. Is that kind of the right way to think about it that most of the CapEx spend for IFS is probably 2 to 3 years' delay and more of the CapEx spend over the next 2, 3 years is to support growth of the core compute businesses?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Your comments sort of dimensionalize it almost right. The key thing to augment what you said is that to be able to put the capital in place in '24, '25, you have to be building the shelves in '22, '23. So that's what we've -- and why, for instance, the Ohio announcement, we said, hey, we are building shelves so that we can fill it with our products and with foundry customers as well. But clearly, when we get to Intel 3 as well as Intel 18A ramps for foundry customers, those capital investments, most of that being back-end loaded, right, when you're putting equipment in place, really ramp up in '24 and '25. But we've got to start building the shelve capacity for those in '22 and '23. Your other comments, we do expect some of the Intel 16 customers that some of those products will start ramping next year. So we do expect some of those design starts that are already underway today to start giving us some revenues for our foundry offerings on Intel 16 in '23. We would expect Intel 3 to start contributing in '24 and Intel 18A in '25 and beyond. So it's sort of that nice ramp. But we've also said, hey, we already have packaging customers, and those revenues have already started in Q4 of this year. And obviously, some of the services, some of these are paid for services as well. So those will start contributing even before then. But overall, the world wants more capacity. The world is looking for leading-edge foundry capabilities. We've seen very strong interest from many different sectors. And I'll just say, across whether it's leading-edge, high-performance computing, mobile customers, industrial customers and clearly, automotive customers, a very broad swath of customers who are interested in the Intel Foundry Services and great momentum that we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question and thank you to George and a welcome to Dave. I actually ha a near and longer term question on gross margins. So in the near term, I am wondering the 52%, how does this kind of evolve through the year? I know you're not trying to give a specific number right now. But what are the puts and takes and kind of the key drivers? Is this the floor or ceiling or kind of the average level that we should be thinking about? And then longer-term, Pat, how do we reconcile that your main competitor who is kind of just fabless is pretty much at the same gross margins without having to spend any of the CapEx that Intel plans to spend? When can Intel start using the pricing power in the markets where you have very large incumbency?
David Zinsner: Okay. Let me start, and Pat can certainly provide us color around pricing. So you're right that we are going to provide a lot more details around the year at the Investor Day and give you actually some perspective over the longer term. But I think I can help you think through a little bit about the trend based on the following commentary. So in our third quarter earnings call that Pat and George were representing Intel, we said that we had to make investments, both in terms of newer process technologies and the start-up costs associated with that and we needed to ramp 10-nanometer. And that was going to put pressure on gross margins. And they create -- they presented a range of somewhere between 51% and 53% was the gross margin level that we would need to operate at while we were getting ourselves caught up from a technology perspective. So we're in that range for their guidance, the 52%. And we feel very good about 51% to 53% range for the year. So that's -- so when you look at this number, it can bounce around a little bit. But the 51% to 53% range we've given, we feel real confidence around for the time being. Now after that, as we get back to a leadership position in terms of technology and in terms of products, of course, there's absolutely opportunity to improve upon that. And we will, I think, provide you good evidence of that at the Investor Day in February. So that should give you some incentive to come.
Pat Gelsinger: And a couple of comments on the longer-term margin picture, as we said, leadership products, when we get to process leadership, right, and the nice cadence for those process technologies, those will become nicely accelerants. And we said that we will see our margins recover in the latter part of the 5-year window that we gave guidance on our last earnings call. So we do see those as contributors, and we'll see our margins rise over time as a result. Additionally, we do expect our long-term margins to be a composite of our foundry business, which will be on the lower end of the margin range that we'll operate the company in and combining that characterization of that at the -- at our investor meeting as well. Further, we'd say, over time, we think we have a structurally superior margin model for our business where I think everybody is seeing acute inflation and foundry costs and others in the industry where our factory network will give us a lot more opportunities to create a more balanced cost structure that others in the industry will not be able to accomplish. So overall, we see great margin outlook, great cash flow and free cash flow opportunities over the horizon, and we'll characterize those much more carefully as part of our investor meeting. But we see the advantages of our business model over anybody else in the industry to be quite substantial for supply, for margin creation, for cash flow generation. And all of these will come together in a very powerful way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Danely: So you're spinning out Mobileye to maximize shareholder value, which I think everybody likes. Have you given any thought or is there any possibility of spinning out Altera to maximize shareholder value as well?
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you for the question. The Mobileye spinout, things are progressing smoothly. We'll give updates on that as appropriate as we go out over time. But -- and as we said, it will be a partial spin, so we still see continuing and substantive value creation for Mobileye having a high relationship with Intel. So we'll be updating on that as things progress there. I won't say that's the last one that we'll consider for such moves. We see this as a formula for value creation that may have other areas that could benefit from such approaches from the Intel family as we look to the future. And we said this is a model for value creation that we think is a powerful one and one that we'll be exercising in the industry, but we have no other specifics to talk about at this time. But keep showing up, we're going to have lots of good things to talk about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Pat, I had a question about how you think about DCG and your server share. And obviously, Sapphire Rapids is going to be a lot more competitive. But Gen was also going to be ramping kind of right on top of it. So -- is there kind of a line in the sand that you think of that you won't let share go below X percentage? Can you just talk big picture about how you think about market share in server? Is there a threshold over which you'd use price to get more competitive?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And overall, we do see that the product line is getting more competitive. Sapphire Rapids will be a stronger product. But we're already seeing that the product line is getting more competitive with Ice Lake. And our Q4 numbers on Ice Lake were very good. And we see the Q4 equaled all of the shipments of the first 3 quarters of the year. So Ice Lake is an improvement. Sapphire Rapids gets better. We do expect that there's going to be a bit of to and fro with the competitive alternatives where they'll deliver a product, we'll deliver the next product. And as you've heard me say, we are on a path to sustained unquestioned leadership into this area. It's going to take us a few generations until we're unquestionably in a leadership position, but we believe our product teams, our packaging teams and our process technologies, our factory capacity, all of these give us the tools to create leadership products. And then we combine that with our platform leadership and our software technologies, we have a path to unquestioned leadership over time. Obviously, we believe we're going to have a superior cost structure, as we've already touched on, given that many of our server products come from our factories. So we're going to be in a better margin and cost position and capacity we think we have a lot of tools to address market share over time. And we're going to dimensionalize the business a bit more as part of our Analyst Day coming up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay: Just following up on the Data Center Group. The revenue very strong, but the operating margin, I think, was down 10 points year-over-year. And I wanted to dig into that a little bit. The slides and the release mentioned an Intel Federal charge, if you guys could quantify that. But the bigger part of the question is now with the Ice Lake ramp, there's a lot more volume in DCG that's going on to the 10-nanometer node. And my question, Pat, is do we need to evolve the product set to where we get to Granite Rapids and we get off of 10-nanometer before we see margin improvement in DCG? Or is there going to Sapphire Rapids in a tiled approach with smaller tiles while still on 10? Is that enough for the margins to recover?
Pat Gelsinger: Do you want to start that, Dave?
David Zinsner: Yes, I'll start. Yes. So I mean, just in the strict walk of the operating margins of the DCG business. So it's -- some of the things I talked about in terms of the aggregate story around gross margins, there's the ramp of 10-nanometer for the data center space. There's higher start-up costs associated with new process technologies, so that's certainly driving it. We also had a onetime charge in our E&G business for a Federal charge that also negatively impacted the operating margins. And then lastly, as we talked about, we are continuing to ramp up our investment in terms of product technology in R&D. And so we had some increased OpEx investment that also drove it. But all of this is kind of executing to the plan that Pat laid out a quarter or so ago. And so this is all part of where we wanted to be at this point to drive the future of the company.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I'd say, over time, we absolutely expect that we're going to improve the operating margin of this business again. And we haven't ramped the new node for 5 years in our data center business. And that's something that -- it's an embarrassing thing to say on the one hand. And obviously, as a result, we've been in an area that we shouldn't have had operating margins that high in this business. It's just been that we've been running on very mature nodes well past the time that a normal cycle should be. And now we're aggressively ramping 10. We're also starting to ramp the cost of 7 and 4 as well. So all of these taken together, I think, you're seeing a very unusual period in the gross margins and operating margins of this business. We fully expect that this is a very healthy business for us long term. And as we're going through the cycle of new process technologies, investments in the business, nothing here is surprising to us. And you can expect that over the long term this is a great business for Intel as we ramp leadership process technologies with unquestioned leadership products, we're going to do well here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with SMBC Nikko.
Srinivas Pajjuri: Dave, a question on gross margins, actually a clarification. If I take your, I guess, the fourth then add back the Federal charge, and then you're guiding to 52% for Q1, that's roughly 5 to 6 points of drop. So I'm just wondering what are some of the puts and takes that impacting, if there are any -- I mean I see the headwinds that you talked about, but I'm wondering if there are any tailwinds or mix-related impacts as well.
David Zinsner: Sure. So definitely, the Federal charge not repeating itself in the first quarter is certainly helpful. And there are a couple of mix benefits that we're seeing. But the charges associated with ramping 10-nanometer, particularly in the data center space, and the start-up costs on Intel 4 are predominantly what's driving the reduced gross margins. But again, it's exactly where we thought we would be in the first fiscal quarter. I mean this is the number that we were planning to drive the business to. And ultimately, the ROI on all the investments we're making that that drive headwinds in the gross margins for the first quarter will turn around and drive a very good ROI down the road.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Pat, I just wanted to check in on the expansion plans that you have. How much of that is dependent on the CHIPS Act passing and also from other incentives? And I asked that because I was listening to your presentation, I guess, earlier in the week at the Ohio site. And you did make a comment there urging attendees to make sure that they weigh into the standard they can to get the act passed. So I just was wondering how much of that of the expansion plans are dependent on the act here as well as in Europe, some government incentives.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, thank you for that question. It's one I hoped would be raised in the call. So thank you for that. And I'll just say overall, I mean, it was just a fabulous day in Ohio, right? The enthusiasm we've gotten. And as I said at the event, we're -- we help put silicon into Silicon Valley. We established the Silicon Forest in Oregon, the Silicon Desert in Arizona and now the Silicon Heartland. And the enthusiasm we've gotten from the leadership there, the governor, the congressional leaders and being able for this farm kit from Pennsylvania to stand on stage in the White House and say now it's my pleasure to introduce the President of the United States of America, just surreal. So just a fabulous day for Intel, our nation and our industry. Obviously, with the CHIPS Act going on the floor of the House, we're highly encouraged. And I spoke to Speaker Pelosi at length on this subject just yesterday as there you expect it will be debated on the floor next week. And hopefully, following what we expect will be passage in the House, a reconciliation process. So I'd say everybody is now more optimistic on this coming across the line in the near future.  Now obviously, I think we and others have viewed the passage of this as an accelerant for our investment plans. And as I've said very clearly, hey, we're going to build a site in Ohio. It could either be small or it could be big and fast. And with the passage of the CHIPS Act, it's going to be bigger, and we're going to build it out faster as a result. And we think that's good for our company. Even more important, it's good for our nation as we rebuild a resilient, globally balanced supply chain. And the events of just yesterday, getting the bill on the House floor, I think, is a very, very good sign for all that will get us across the line. But even more so, right, we see acts in Europe that are gaining momentum as well in the EU CHIPS Act as well. And we've been quite involved in that domain, and we hope to see our expansion plans accelerate in Europe as well. So overall, all of these things will simply benefit the industry, but it certainly will accelerate our investment plans as it makes us more competitive globally to be for our products, but even more so for our foundry business as well. So thank you for that question.
Pat Gelsinger: And with that, let me, again -- I do want to say thank you to Dave joining us for the first time. George, thank you again for your support, for the years that you've contributed in this critical period of the company. And I do want to remind you of the strategies. We're going to build the team, improve the execution. As we look back on 2021, we've made tremendous progress across all areas that we've laid out. We still do have a lot of work to do, but we're focused, energized and momentum is building. And I look forward to sharing our progress with you as we continue on this amazing journey. And Investor Day is coming up. We are going to lay out the strategy. We've got a lot to say. And this is a great business. We finished a great year. Thank you all for joining us today.
Tony Balow: Thank you, Pat. Thank you, Dave and George. Operator, can you please close the call?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2021 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host Vice President and Director of Investor Relations, Tony Balow. Please go ahead.
Tony Balow : Thank you, Operator. Welcome to Intel's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they are available on our investor website, inct.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger, and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll brief remarks from both, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. And as such, it does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we'll be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentations and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP, and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger : Thank you, Tony. And good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a solid quarter where we navigated a challenging supply environment to deliver year-over-year growth on the top line while beating expectations on gross margin and EPS. We had record third quarter revenue in DCG and Mobileye, while IOTG had an all-time record as it continued its recovery from COVID slowdowns. Our focus on execution continued as we delivered on our initial IDM 2.0 commitments. We broke ground on new fabs, shared our accelerated path to regain process performance leadership, and made our most dramatic architecture announcements in the decade. We also announced major customer wins across every part of our business, including in the data center with AWS and Google, new EVO designs and client, and exciting Mobileye partnerships with ZEEKR and Sixt SE. The demand for semiconductors remains strong, and our factories performed exceptionally well in a highly dynamic environment, where matched sets post huge challenges for our customers, and overall, industry supply remained very constrained. The resilience of our factory network was on display, delivering considerable upside and reacting to rapid demand shifts, reinforcing the unique and strategic value of IDM 2.0. While we're still in the early stages of our journey, we are getting better every day. It is clear that we have to move even faster, be even more nimble, and invest now to achieve our goals of undisputed leadership down the road. I can see the enormous potential that lies ahead, and I couldn't be prouder of the Intel team and the progress that we're making. Let me begin with what we're seeing in the market. Demand remained strong across all of our segments and I continue to believe that we're just starting a cycle of sustained growth, which we are well-positioned to capture. The digitization of everything accelerated by the four superpowers of AI, pervasive connectivity, cloud to edge infrastructure, and ubiquitous compute are driving the sustained need for more semiconductors and the market is expected to double to $1 trillion by 2030. In that time frame, the market for leading-edge nodes will rise to be over 50% of the total, while the market for leading edge foundry services, will grow at twice the rate of the semi-industry overall. We are one of the few companies with both the technical and financial resources to win in a market that is increasingly leading-edge and challenged by the extreme physics of rejuvenated and continuing Moore's Law. PC demand remains very strong. And we believe that 2021 TAM will grow double-digits even as ecosystems shortages constrain our customers’ ability to shift finished systems. Dell, HP, Lenovo, along with other OEMs and ecosystem partners agree that PCs are now a structurally larger and sustainably growing market. As we head into 2022, we expect the ecosystem supply situation to gradually improve and the PC market will continue to grow as tailwinds from WIN 11, hybrid work models, a larger installed base and compelling new platforms drive PC density, shorter replacement cycles, and penetration of new markets. Against this backdrop, our products have strong momentum driven by compelling platforms including 30 new EVO Tiger Lake designs for 13 of our OEMs. Tiger Lake has shipped more than 70 million units this year, making it our fastest ramping notebook ever. We are raising the bar again with Alder Lake, our first performance hybrid architecture products, which I'm pleased to say began shipping in Q3 on Intel 7 and will start to launch next week at Innovation. The Alder Lake family will offer customers significant advantages across a range of workloads including gaming, content creation, and AI acceleration. Alder Lake will scale from ultra-mobile to desktop and will go to market across our range of segments, form factors, and power envelopes faster than any new architecture in Intel's history. Turning to the data center. New and existing workloads continued to move to the Cloud; security, and privacy requirements are driving enterprise deployments, and the 5G build-out is powering networking. I remain confident about the long-term of the data center, despite regulatory changes in China and short-term ecosystem supply constraints, impacting some customers. Customers continue to choose Intel for the data center needs. And our 3rd Gen scalable Xeon processor Ice Lake has shipped over a million units since launching in April, and we expect to ship over 1 million units again in Q4 alone. All of our OEMs are currently shipping systems and we expect all our major cloud customers to have announcements by the end of the year. This includes Google as well as AWS, who have already launched their highest performing Xeon EC2 instances ever, a tremendous milestone resulting from our close collaboration of almost 15 years. Looking ahead, customers remain very excited by Sapphire Rapids, which we expect to have in production in Q1. Sapphire Rapids sets the standard for next-generation data center processors. It was recently selected by the U.S. Department of Energy to power compute intensive modeling supporting their stockpile stewardship program. In core and mobile networks Intel is powering the transformation to virtualize Cloud-native deployments. 50% of new core network deployments are now running on off-the-shelf servers. And we expect that to increase to over 80% by 2024. The next-generation transformation is the virtualization of the radio access network known as VRAM. We're working with service providers globally to enable this transition, including Verizon, Rakuten, Dish Network, and others. Today, nearly all early commercial deployments are running on Xeon and our FlexRAN software reference architecture. We see tremendous opportunity in DRAM and in Q3 we announced the collaboration with Juniper Networks to accelerate future deployments. Overall, we expect global VRAM base station deployments to move from hundreds to hundreds of thousands and eventually millions with private 5G over the next several years. Finally, Edge compute needs continue to grow and our IOTG business had an all-time quarterly record in Q3. In mobility, the market for automotive silicon is expected to more than double to a $115 billion by the end of the decade as AVs begin to move from the garage to the streets. Mobileye is helping to lead this change, and we recently announced that we will begin offering driverless robo-taxi service starting next year in collaboration with Sixt SE. From PC to data center to the network, to the edge, Q3 was full of examples of the increasing need for semiconductors and where customers continue to choose Intel. Since my return, we've not only laid out our roadmap for success, but more importantly, we've already started executing at what I like to say is a torrid pace. Back in March, when we unveiled our powerful new IDM 2.0 strategy, I outlined our course for a new era of innovation at Intel, where I committed to (1) Expand our internal and external manufacturing to address unprecedented global demand for semiconductors. (2) open our doors to be a world-class foundry. (3) regain process leadership. (4) deliver leadership products in every category in which we compete. We are driving progress in every area, so let me talk through each one starting with how we are expanding our manufacturing capacity and our foundry business. Our factories are executing superbly and construction is on or ahead of schedule across all major sites. Last month, we broke ground on our two new fabs in Arizona, three months ahead of schedule. As we expand capacity we're using a smart capital approach so that we can adjust quickly to opportunities in the market and to gain share while managing our margin structure and capital spending. There are three elements to smart capital. First, we're focused on aggressively building our shelf, which are the smaller portion of the overall cost of a fab, but have the longest lead time. Having available shelf space gives us flexibility in how and when we bring additional capacity online. Second, we will make effective use of external foundries, leveraging some of their unique capabilities to ensure we're delivering leadership products. We are already one of the largest foundry customers and in this quarter we announce the key products such as Meteor Lake and Ponte Vecchio will leverage third-parties for some of their tiles. Finally, we expect our plans to benefit from investments from governments who understand that a healthy semiconductor industry is vital to their economic well-being and national security. With bipartisan support in both houses, we're hopeful that chips act will be passed by the end of this year, allowing us to accelerate decisions for our next U.S. site. This will also enable a more level playing field with our competitors who enjoy significant support from their governments. We've also seen considerable interest in the EU with the European Chips Act, and the process to select our next site in Europe is proceeding rapidly. Intel remains the only global company committed to building a leading edge foundry in the U.S. and Europe for customers around the world. Together, IDM 2.0 with smart capital uniquely positions for an enormous and unique market opportunity, including our foundry ambitions. IFS will enable Intel to grow faster, expand monetization of our process and packaging capabilities, leverage our design IPs more broadly, and provide sustainable, superior cash flows from our assets. Since March, we have shipped our first IFS packaging units for revenue. Engage with well over a hundred potential customers, including several large customers, who are working with us on our leading-edge Intel 18A. And we have multiple customers planning test trips on Intel 16 that will be in our factories early next year. We also had a significant win with the U.S. government, which selected Intel to provide commercial foundry services in the first ramp of its ramp C program. We're proud of this achievement and the confidence the U.S. government has in us, to deliver them a trusted foundry capability. In July, at our Intel accelerated event, the team and I shared the most detailed roadmap we've ever provided for process and packaging technology. A roadmap that brings us to performance parity in 24 and clear leadership in 25. I am happy to share that Intel 7, Intel 4, Intel 3, Intel 20A, and Intel 18A are all on or ahead of the timelines we set out in July. For example, on Intel 4, we said we had taped out our compute tile for Meteor Lake. In this quarter, it came out of the fab and powered up, and within 30 minutes, with outstanding performance, right where we expected it to be. All told, this is one of the best lead product startups we have seen in recent memory, which speaks to the health of the process. In fact, we are using a pre-production release of the Intel 4 in our newest neuromorphic computing chip, Loihi 2. Finally, on the product front, we are intent on delivering leadership products in every category in which we compete. In August at our architecture day, we started delivering on that promises, we made five major architecture announcements, our most dramatic updates in the last decade. We introduced hybrid computing with two new generations of X86 core, enabling power-efficient designs that our performance for the most demanding workloads. We unveiled our Intel ark brand for discrete graphic, starting with our outcome, this product, which will be on shelf in one of next year. We continued our central role in the evolving datacenter landscape with Mount Heavens. Our first asic based infrastructure Processing Unit or IPU, developed in close collaboration with a major cloud provider, our IPUs enable superior security capabilities and let our cloud customers move infrastructure task off the CPU, thereby allowing them to rent 100% of their CPU capacity to their customers. We also gave additional detail on Sapphire Rapids and its compelling AI and accelerator capabilities. And last, but not least, we opened the curtain on Ponte Vecchio. With our highest ever compute density, the 100 billion transistor device delivers industry-leading slots to accelerate AI, HPC, and advanced analytic workloads. Early pumps of Ecu silicone is already demonstrating leadership performance, setting an industry record in both inference and training throughput on popular AI benchmarks. Next week at our Intel Innovation event, we will take the next step forward, with the renewed commitment to developers and a host of new tools, technology, and product announcements. Announcements that really underscore how we are rapidly bringing the geek back. As I have said, we are repositioning the Company for long-term growth, and we are analyzed in the investment plans required to achieve our goals and provide attractive long-term results for our shareholders. It is abundantly clear to us that we must invest in our future right now, to accelerate past the rest of the industry and regain unquestioned leadership in what we do. Our investment plan is aligned with our IDM 2.0 strategy to rapidly build our manufacturing capacity in response to the expanding market, grow our share, and to accelerate innovation, enabling Intel to leap ahead with new businesses and capabilities in the future. The recent reorganization around these businesses, along with the new leadership we have added, is already having an impact. However, our CFO, George Davis, recently advised us that he has decided to retire in the first half of next year. We are very grateful to George for his dedicated service, and the leadership with the Company, and he will be working with us for a smooth transition. We are currently engaged in a search for George's successor, and he is helping us with the process. I naturally want to give his successor an opportunity to participate in optimizing our long-range plan. We would not want to hold a critical Investor Day without the new CFO being in place. As such, we have decided to move our event to February 17th of next year. This has the added benefit of hopefully being a more in-person event, while giving us a better view of the government investments from which we expect to benefit. We have made this decision for very practical reasons of George's retirement. The Company is running well. We are confident in our process, technology, and product roadmaps. Our business is healthy and our markets remain strong. And above all, we are executing on our plan. Given the new timing of our Investor Day, I do want to take this opportunity to paint the general picture of what our plan looks like and George will share a few more details in a few minutes. We have a huge opportunity with new businesses in graphics, networking, foundry, and mobility. All large and growing segments. When combined with the continued expansion of our current client and datacenter markets, we cannot, and will not, miss this opportunity. Investing now will enable us to reposition the Company to deliver double-digit revenue growth as these investments pay off. While these investments will pressure free cash flow in the short-term, our operating cash flow will remain strong, reflecting the high quality of our business. And we've remained committed to a healthy and growing dividend. As with free cash flow, our gross margins will be below current levels for the next 2-3 years before recovering, but will remain comfortably above 50% as we continue to exercise financial prudence. We have the utmost confidence that our investment plans will ensure the Company's long-term success and deliver attractive returns for our shareholders. I look forward to sharing the details with you in Q1 and I am confident you will agree. Before I turn it over to George, let me finish by saying that when I came to the Company, I had three goals for the year: create the strategy, build the team, and rebuild the culture and execution machine. We are only eight months into the journey, but we have already achieved a lot. We now have a clear strategy. We've built the team by bringing a new leadership and adding over 6,000 new engineers to bolster our incredibly talented team. We've reorganized our business units to focus on our key markets. And starting next year, we expect to begin breaking out our results to more closely align with these changes, and to drive increased visibility and accountability. And finally, as I outlined today, momentum is building as we drive a path to our roots of execution and innovation. The entire Intel team understands the work we have ahead of us. But we remain confident about our future. We have the right strategy, the right team, and we are motivated to win. I remain convinced that our best days are still ahead. With that, let me turn it over to George.
George Davis: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered solid results with revenue up 5% and gross margin up 130 basis points year-over-year, driven by strong demand in our DCG and IOTG businesses, despite the highly constrained, industry-wide supply environment. Q3 revenue was $18.1 billion slightly below our guide due to shipping and supply constraints that impacted our businesses. Demand remains strong in our PC business, with particular strength in commercial, desktop, and higher-end consumer notebooks. Offset by inventory digestion in lower-end consume and education segments. Gross margin for the quarter was 57.8% exceeding guide by 280 basis points, primarily due to an increased mix of desktop and premium notebook products. Q3 EPS was $1.71, up $0.61 versus guide. $0.47 of this beat is predominantly due to a McAfee related special dividend associated with the divestiture of their enterprise business, and a onetime tax benefit. We had a strong operating beat of approximately $0.14 per share as well, largely driven by demand for higher-end products and clients, and lower operating expenses relative to guide. In Q3, we generated $9.9 billion of cash from operations and free cash flow of $5.9 billion and paid dividends of $1.4 billion, moving to segment performance in the quarter. CCG revenue was $9.7 billion down 2% year-over-year on a challenging compare and continued industry-wide component shortages that are restricting lower end system sales. Note that when excluding the impact of wrapping down our Apple CPU and motor businesses, CCG revenue is up approximately 10% year-over-year. This highlights the strong execution and underlying demand in our client business platform, ASPs in client were up 9% year-over-year, and 16% sequentially on increased desktop volume and a richer mix of premium notebook products. Operating income was $3.3 billion down $237 million year-over-year, primarily due to increased investments in our technology and product roadmap. DCG revenue was $6.5 billion, up 10% year-over-year on continued recovery in our enterprise and government segment and isolate ramp. These results were slightly below expectations due to industry-wide component supply constraints that primarily impacted our enterprise customers and areas of softness in PRC, including cloud, as customers adapt to new regulations. Platform ASPs were up 3% year-over-year on improved mix, driven primarily by increased enterprise and government volume. Operating income was $2.1 billion, up 8% year-over-year on higher revenue, partially offset by increased investments in our technology and product roadmap. IOTG achieved all time record quarterly revenue of $1 billion, up 54% year-over-year on a broad-based recovery from COVID-driven lows, with particular strength in the industrial and retail segments. Operating margin was $276 million, up 352% year-over-year, returning to pre -COVID levels of profitability. PSG revenue was $478 million, up 16% year-over-year. Demand continues to significantly exceed supply, impacting Q3 results and Q4 forecast. Operating margin was $76 million, up 90% year-over-year. Mobileye revenue was $326 million, up 39% year-over-year, and achieved an all-time Q3 record. Operating margin was $105 million, up 123% year-over-year. Mobileye continues to execute well, winning key designs and rapidly growing revenue and profits. Moving to our Q4 outlook. We are forecasting $18.3 billion in revenue, up $200 million quarter-over-quarter, with DCG seeing modest -- more modest growth than previously expected as China demand and supply challenges persist. CCG is expected to be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, as strong demand for our higher-end products bolstered by the launch of Alder Lake, are being offset by weaker OEM demand for lower end products as they prioritize their limited component supply to support higher-end system sales. We see our edge businesses continuing to recover year-over-year from COVID -related impacts. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 53.5% unchanged from prior expectation, and continues to include the impact of a one-time charge related to our Intel Federal Business. Excluding this charge, gross margin will be approximately 55% down 3 points quarter-over-quarter on new product ramps and factory start-up charges. We're forecasting EPS of $0.90 per share and a tax rate of 13%. We had previously expected $0.13 of the Q3 ICAP gain, to have occurred in Q4, which accounts for the change from prior Q4 expectations. Turning to our full-year outlook, we are holding revenue guidance at $73.5 billion, with gross margin up modestly to 57% and EPS of $5.28, up $0.48 from our prior guide. Consistent with the investment mode we are in under IDM 2.0, we expect CapEx of $18 to $19 billion and free cash flow of approximately $12.5 billion, up $1.5 billion versus prior guidance. In our CCG business, we expect full-year revenue to be approximately flat year-over-year, as growth from an increasing TAM is offset by the ramp-down of our Apple modem and CPU revenue, and the exit of our home gateway business. Adjusting for all of the Apple in home gateway business, CCG would've been up approximately 9% year-over-year. For DCG, we expect full-year revenue to be down low to mid-single digits year-over-year, due to a more competitive environment consistent with our expectations, lower demand from China, and industry-wide component supply constraints. Before moving on to some comments on our longer-term performance, I want to briefly cover changes to our non-GAAP reporting, beginning in 2022, to more closely align with our semiconductor peers. First, we will be removing stock-based compensation from our operating segment and non-GAAP results. Secondly, we will exclude all gains and losses from our ICAP portfolio. The change that allows better comparability between periods by eliminating large variations in performance, as we saw this quarter. We also expect to align our segment reporting with our announced new business unit configuration. We will have more details on what to expect here next quarter. Moving to long-term financial guidance. As Pat mentioned, with the movement of Investor Day to Q1, we want to provide some insights into the early years of our plan. First, our revenue outlook reflects fundamentally strong TAMs across our operating businesses, with growth driven by our leadership products. We see revenue in 2022 of at least $74 billion despite ongoing supply constraints. As supply normalizes and our investments add capacity and drive leadership products into the marketplace, we expect to see our revenue growth accelerate to a 10% to 12% CAGR over the next four to five years. For gross margin, with the impact of our investment in capacity and the acceleration of our process technology, we expect gross margins between 51% and 53% over the next 2-3 years before moving upward. We are in a time of accelerated investment in capital, process node acceleration, and R&D, as the foundation for changing the trajectory of the past few years. In alignment with our IDM 2.0 strategy, we are forecasting 2022 CapEx of $25 billion to $28 billion, with potential for further growth in subsequent years. We believe our investments position the Company for very attractive long-term returns. Before I hand off to Q&A, as Pat mentioned, I plan to retire from Intel in May next year. I've been a public Company CFO now for 15 years and it is time for me to spend more time with family and friends as part of the next chapter in my life, it has been a true privilege, and frankly quite exciting to work with Pat and the leadership team on the launch of IDM 2.0, and I look forward to following our transformation over the next several years. There is no Company like Intel. And the immense talent here serves as a wonderful foundation for the transformation ahead. With that, let me turn it back over to Tony and get to your questions.
Tony Balow : Alright. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Joseph Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I'm wondering if you could talk about the gross margins next year. What is the -- you talked about investment in 10-nanometer, but you took those ramps this year, is it the simultaneous ramp of 10, and then startup cost of 7 that pulls that down? And why wouldn't you recover from that in subsequent years as you mature deals thereafter? And I also wanted to ask just as a follow-up, does the accounting change with the numbers have been lower, if not for the change to take stock compensation out of the numbers?
Pat Gelsinger : Let me start with the margin question and then I'll ask George to step in and help. First, I'd just say, this is a pivot point for the Company. We are repositioning Intel for growth to be a long-term growth Company. We see the massive opportunity that we have. Near-term, we could have chosen a more conservative route with modestly better financials, but instead, the Board, the management team, and this is why I came back to the Company, choosing to invest, to maximize the long range business that we have. Overall, these are great markets that we're going to be leaning into with very unique positions that we have with our technologies and products. As you look specifically to next year's margins, here, we see that the decline is driven really by 2 factors. 1 is the new manufacturing nodes. And as you've heard us say, we're going to rapidly move through our 5 nodes in 4 years, and this will have pressure on the margins near term as we ramp those up. But we'll quickly, on an accelerated pace, give us leadership capabilities that will improve margins over the horizon. We're also investing in our future. These investments that we're making now in our roadmap will pay off, as those products return to leadership products, beget leadership pricing, which begets leadership margins. So as we said in our prepared remarks, comfortably above 50% and we're confident in the multi-year recovery of the margins that result from, again, competitive process, competitive products will produce great results for us long term. So overall, a couple of years of pressure returning over that horizon as we see these growth areas and our datacenter, our client business in these four new growth markets, the networking, graphics, mobility, autonomy, foundry. And we've made a strong choice. We're going to be decisive and we're very transparent, right? And upfront, we're laying out an understanding of where we're going and we elected to give that guidance earlier than we might have otherwise, not just for next year, but over the horizon as well. So now is the time and we're making that decision boldly and aggressively. George, you want help in the last parent of the question?
George Davis: Sure, happy to. The -- we're announcing the accounting change in 2022 just to give people a heads up. It’s -- we think it's a pretty modest impact on gross margin. So it works within the range that we've given for the next couple of years. Obviously, we guided the next 2 to 3 years, not 2022. And so Pat did a good job of laying out what are the key drivers there. And the changes that we're doing on the accounting side are really -- we're out of alignment with the industry on stock-based comp. And we're also I think like you probably we just assume not see these large adjustments in a quarter that are for ICAP related activities. And so we're taking that out of non-GAAP as well. Quite frankly, with those two combined, it was net accretive with those two together over the last couple of years. But we think it's the time to make these change. And we think it's consistent with what the industry has done.
Pat Gelsinger : And the other factor that we did talk about is also starting to give accountable units against our new business unit structures as well, which will give increased transparency to the marketplace and will also give increased accountability internally to drive the execution that we're laying out. So with that, Tony, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question and George, congratulations on your retirement. A similar question on the longer-term side of things, Pat. If I look back over the last decade, Intel's grown double-digits, I think once in a single year. So talk a little bit about what gives you the confidence in the Company being able to be a double-digit grower a couple of years out from now?
Pat Gelsinger : Well, thank you. And as we look at these markets, we see clearly the client business with CCG. We don't expect that to be a double-digit grower. We do expect growth coming from the client business. And even IDC now is agreeing with us on growth next year. We do see the opportunity for us to be a share gainer, as well as gaining more of the bill of materials of the clients as well. But our expectations there are modest in the growth of the client business. Clearly, the datacenter business, we do expect to see stronger growth and as our products gets stronger and as we've noted with Sapphire Rapids next year and the roadmap over 23, 24 and 25, We do see ourselves in a position that we’ll be gaining leadership, which allows us to have pricing margin improvements in that product line, and datacenter is growing. But it isn't just the datacenter; it's also these 4 new business areas that we've laid out. And next to datacenter, the networking business, we have a very strong position already, but also the ability to reach into the network and the large growth that we see in the edge where Intel is very uniquely positioned. And the edge market as the 5G becomes an open RAN platform, also, the edge deployments, SmartFactory, smart cities, we're very well-positioned, and we expect to see substantial growth there. In the graphics area, we have a good business today in the Integrated graphics, but the opportunity for us to reach into this large and rapidly growing GPU business, discrete graphics business, high performance computing, we’re extraordinarily well positioned to be able to satisfy what we see almost as insatiable demand in that area. And then of course the mobility business, we're already well underway with our Mobileye business. Very unique technology position. Another great quarter from that team. And then finally, the great synergies we get from leveraging our core manufacturing assets as well as our process technology innovations. And as we noted in the formal comments, over half of the technology industry is going to be leading edge, right, in the second half of this decade. Very few companies can do that, and we're finding great interest for our foundry business to be able to satisfy those. So if you think about the growth in the core business plus these major new business areas, and we've done a lot of modeling against this and really built a very robust plan to go execute it, we feel very confident in the double-digit CAGR that we described. We're excited about it. The teams are leaning into it. And even better than that, our customers are excited about it. And with that customer enthusiasm, I'm very confident in what we've described here. We are leaning in. Now's the time to make it happen. And we're making the investments to realize that today.
Ross Seymore: Thanks, Pat.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Congratulations, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I'll echo Ross' comments. But George, congratulations on the retirement. Pat, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the long-term growth rate question that Ross just asked, but specifically towards the foundry business. And I'm curious when you think about the gross margin guidance next year and the long-term CAGR of 10% to 12%. What's the impact of foundry? I'm assuming foundry's still going to be relatively small next year in the business, but I'm just trying to get a sense as, as foundry grows, how big of a contributor is it to that 10% to 12% long-term CAGR? And how do we think about the margin profile there as it unfolds?
Pat Gelsinger : Yeah. Thank you. Great question, John. And there's a -- first will be that the revenue impacts and the investment impacts of foundry, are fairly modest in the next couple of years. They don't add that much to the top line. They don't detract that much from the bottom line as we're really building that business now. It's really in the later years where you are going to start to see the revenue impact really start to matter. This is very typical of the foundry business. Takes a couple of years for a customer to pick a foundry, move a design, start to ramp it into the industry. So it really has minimal impact for the next couple of years and then it will start to really deliver in years four and five, and then the second half of the decade more significantly. With respect to margin, we expect that we are in our foundry business having very similar margin structures to the leader in this business today. And we see that as a good business. Maybe a little bit lower margin than our best product margins today, but still would allow us to comfortably be above 50% as I said in the long-term guidance that we laid out. This is a great market for us to be reaching into. It allows us to leverage the R&D investments that we have and process technology to more markets. Many of our AFP blocks, as we open up the X86 architecture for increasing innovation we get to leverage enormous amounts of R&D for new monetization opportunities. Also, we're leveraging our smart capital strategy, where we build shelves and we start that process early. That allows us to get those investments in the ground to start building some of that IFF capacity. But it also allows us to have capacity for increased market share gains and leveraging the balance between our internal and our foundry customers as well. And to leverage government investments we expect will be driven substantially to benefit the IFS business. So when we take all of that together, unique technology position, more flexible and leverage capital positions, unique IP benefits that we bring to it, we're seeing great interest from our foundry customers already. We're seeing that on mature nodes like our Intel 16, but very much from some of the largest customers in the industry with our leading-edge technologies where we're getting a lot of excitement to be on the best transistors that are available on the planet with the manufacturing capacity that we can bring. We see this as a great compliment to our business, and so far, things are going even better than I would've thought when I announced this business early in the year.
John Pitzer: Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. I want to ask a question on the current quarter results. Specifically data center ASP. Cloud was down 20% year-over-year. Enterprise was up 70% year-over-year. Yet your ASP was down -- we're down pretty materially sequentially. How do I reconcile that, given the mix there such with the ice Lake ramping, everything should have gotten much better. What happened with data center ASP in the quarter?
Pat Gelsinger : A couple of things Stacy. First, the mix of products in the quarter were more weighted towards what I would call our ACC products down from a fee stand point from our XCC and that part of that is coming out of the lower cloud than we expected.
George Davis: I would say the other piece is, we saw a bounce up in our network SOCs. And as you know, those have much lower ASPs and tend to be dilutive to ASP. And that was relative to Q2.
Stacy Rasgon: Enterprise is up 70%. Shouldn't the mix have gotten much better? What impact was competition or anything else here? It seems like there has to be something else going on, it can't just be mix.
George Davis: One is the SOC -- the enterprise piece is as I said, is a mix of products that we saw. It was skewed down from our FCC in the quarter with the enterprise as well.
Pat Gelsinger : But the ASP s of any individual product line, we're still very in line with our normal ASPs for those individual products, Stacy. So overall, we just say it was a mix discussion this quarter. It wasn't an ASP discussion at that level, even though, you average those together, and you get different effects. Also, as we said for the data-center business, we did have some unique issues in China this quarter, which led to some different behavior in that business. Some of the regulatory issues there. So overall, not where we would have expected the data-center to be for the quarter, but still a very strong performance. And we're happy with the growth that we're seeing in that business. And as we've indicated, the momentum of Ice Lake is growing. Sapphire Rapids, great interest in that product. So we're seeing that the overall competitiveness and the growth of that business area's looking very good for us for the future, we're excited about it and everything is going as we would have hoped for that business.
Stacy Rasgon: Are those trying to regulatory issues permanent?
Pat Gelsinger : They -- as you might have seen, there's been some regulatory questions around gaming in China. And all of the Cloud vendors are adjusting their offerings to meet that new regulatory environment, so we expect it's a quarter or 2 for them to digest what they would look like. We do expect that market to recover going forward. And as you're probably aware, we have uniquely high market share in the Chinese Cloud market. So as it recovers, we expect a nice recovery in that business area for us and we expect that there will be a return to normalcy next year in that area of our business.
George Davis: And just for adding clarity, we're -- we expect it to continue in Q4.
Pat Gelsinger : Yeah.
Tony Balow : Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. George, I wanted to ask about gross margin puts and take more over the longer term. So you're saying 51 to 53 over the next couple of years, and then moving higher after the next few years. But at the same time, CapEx is also going to 25 to 28 next year, and it sounds like it might be higher than that. And depreciation is still only $11 billion right now. So that's going to obviously go up a lot too. So I think, that the obvious question is going to be how believable it is that gross margin can ultimately come back given that, I would think that the depreciation is going to be ramping in those out-years. So can you just sort of hold our hand there in terms of how believable it is that gross margin can come back when there's just such a gap between depreciation and CapEx? Thanks.
George Davis: Yeah. For sure. First off, I think part of the reason for spending this amount of CapEx is to catch up with the capacity shortfalls that we've had. And also to build in more flexibility. These things all support higher revenue over time, which helps absorb some of the depreciation. That being said, it will be growing. No question. Our depreciation impact will be growing over the next couple of years. The impact of o-cost, which is all the Investment that is going on outside of depreciation in the note acceleration that Pat has been talking to, that has a big impact, particularly over the next few years because of the number of nodes that are being worked in parallel. So we think that gets better coming out of this period. And we've had a pretty reasonable assumption inside of our gross margin estimates for how much unit cost are going up, and then how much of that you can recover in ASP. So there's no big missing element. I think it's -- we expect to -- as we've said, we expect to grow into our investment, and we expect the investment in node compression takes less of a toll as we come out of this period.
Pat Gelsinger : And ultimately we're making those investments in node compression to get more competitive products and more capabilities. And as the products get more competitive, better pricing, better margins, which enable us to have not only better gross margins, but obviously we'll have the flow-through benefits into cash flows as we are impacting our CapEx investments. All of these things start to generate positively as we get back on top of our competitive position. And as we said, we've had an extraordinary quarter since we last met every one of our process nodes that we described. Some said when we described 5 nodes in 4 years, that's never been done in history. And we said, that's right and we're going to do it. And as I updated in the formal comments, all of those nodes, Intel 7, Intel 4, Intel 3, Intel 28, Intel 18A, on or ahead of schedule. Relatively speaking, we're closing the gap on the industry, probably even more rapidly than I would've expected just a quarter ago. And as a result of that, these investments will be producing superior products with superior pricing and margins more rapidly, than we would have forecast even a quarter ago. So overall, we think all of these things are now starting to play together. Obviously, we have a couple of years to work through. But this is going to be a great outcome. And we think all of our aggressive leanings right now are going to be handsomely rewarded in the marketplace to our customers and to our shareholders over time..
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Pat.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse : Yeah. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess a question on CapEx. So you've outlined a higher number for calendar '22, but as I think about and contemplate higher intensity at the bleeding edge nodes, it would appear that that would really be for Intel only. So should we be thinking about a step-up above and beyond that level, as you build out capacity for IFS over time? And then, second quick question around that. Are you making any changes to how you're accounting for depreciation of lifetime on equipment or buildings, or any anything like that, as part of the accounting changes that you've outlined tonight? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger : So the initial CapEx of use go obviously, as you said, building out shelf capacity, building flexibility into it, as George indicated. In subsequent years might be going up a bit more. But as we've also said, we do expect to see the opportunity for government investments to enable us to go bigger and faster on our CapEx investments. So the numbers that we've given reflect the initial build-out of our foundry business. So we feel comfortable in that. And we've also described our smart capital strategy that gives us more flexibility for what we do internally, what we do in our foundries. The ability to benefit from government of estimates, the flexible build-out of shelves. And overall, we see -- these investments allow us to grow, right? And grow share, right? Gain. Foundry customers, where as those get committed, will build out the specific capacity. And then balancing of foundry, which enables us to leverage industry capacity as well as our own, and everything we bring internally will be a better margins associated with it. So overall, we think it's a very uniquely, powerful, resilient, and favorable strategy for us to execute overtime.
George Davis: Yeah. And C.J., the accounting changes that we're talking about. Number 1, are to increase transparency into the business by breaking out the segments the way Pat has been describing the segments of the markets that we're going to be addressing. The other changes are really just to align with the industry. So when people look at our non-GAAP numbers, they are going to see the same basis for that as most of our peers. And so no accounting changes that we're talking about that relate to how we treat depreciation of assets.
Tony Balow : Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just 2 on gross margin. 1. Just near-term -- the federal impact in Q4 just remind us of that continues in the first half and then you're starting at 55 when they are guiding long term kind of 51 to 53 and it seems pretty clear as you ramp more Intel 7 products, the margin is still going down substantially. So I'm just trying to think about probably you don't want to guide next year, but trying to figure out within that range, are you going to be closer to the bottom of it as you ramp more of the clients[Indiscernible] majority of Q4 and then you are obviously observers on the way as well. So just trying to understand the impact in the near-term here on gross margin and then kind of just long term as well. It doesn't seem like listen to your comments, Pat, that it does require that double-digit top-line. So just want to understand, I think a lot of people may think the CAGR maybe half that on this call. So just trying to understand how flexibly could be as it relates to the gross margin line with your spending with the smart capital plan. Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger : Look, on Q4, gross margin is pretty much the way we saw it when we talked about it last quarter, when we are guiding for the rest of the year. The Intel Federal impact is a one quarter impact. And so it does not carry forward. We're -- to the extent that you want to think about 22 gross margin, I think again,
George Davis: 51% to 53% for the next 2-3 years. And really the biggest hitters being the impact of higher capital, which we see accelerating in Q4 this year, going into next year and then the effect of the multiple node compression. Those are the key dynamics that we see. So that's all we can guide at this point.
Pat Gelsinger : And overall, as we've said, we feel confident in these numbers. We're giving a lot more transparency. We're taking the opportunity to give you more understanding of our business. We're electing to do that earlier in the process than we might otherwise because we're making these decisions, were choosing to give you a lot more understanding of the business. We're confident in these growth outlooks as well. These are exciting new market categories, right? That we are leaning into. They are large market categories. And it's not just that they are large categories, right? They reinforce each other. The stronger am in networking, the stronger I am in data-center. The stronger I am in client, the stronger I am in graphics. The stronger I am on my process technology, the stronger I am in my foundry business. Every one of these is building on each other and creating synergy value. And overall, right, as we move to leadership in these areas that we are well on track on doing that. We feel quite confident that growth rate, the margin profiles, it will of course, take the opportunity. At our Analyst Day to dig into the business areas quite a bit more. And we're going to help you understand those. We're going to give you segment reporting that helps you see those and be able to get transparency and accountability through it. But overall, we believe we are laying out a pretty exciting path that the management team, Board of Directors, and our customers are really leaning back into us to say, yes, this is Intel. We're excited for the future. Now is the time.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger : Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Pierre Ferragu of New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Pierre Ferragu: Thanks for taking my question. And George,[Indiscernible] next step. I wonder what your life is going to look like not answering every day questions about Intel
Pierre Ferragu: Gross margin. And so maybe I'm daring to ask you another question on gross margin, but I won’t just to make sure I give you a bit of fresh air. I will [Indiscernible] you said earlier question just for you, George. [Indiscernible] You haven't talked about market shares of those transition barriers. Next 2-3 years looking at gross margins, just to take maybe stepped down; you're going to invest alerts. How do you see your market share evolving and why? And then I[Indiscernible] relating that gross margin, in your gross margin guide, is there an element of taking prices down to protect gross margin during the transition, or is that purely driven by investments?
Pat Gelsinger : Overall, we expect that we'll be in a position to gain market share in our existing markets as we're making these capital investments. We've been woefully short of capacity for a number of years. This is great opportunity in the industry. And as everybody in every industry anywhere in the world realizes, semiconductors are hot. We need more of these so we're building the capacity to satisfy that. In the near-term capacity is destiny. Building more capacity enables us to gain more market share. And we think we can do that as our products get stronger with very favorable pricing conditions as well. And for instance, in the client business Alder Lake goes in production, they will be talking more about that next week. A tremendous product that will be a great market share gainer, as well as a pricing leader, right? As well as structured across the segments that allows us to gain share across multiple segments of the client marketplace. Also, I'd point out that these 4 areas, these 4 new growth businesses; we're very small in those businesses today. These have massive growth potential for us large, favorable markets that are looking for leadership, logic, capabilities, that Intel is uniquely positioned to supply into the industry. And overall, clearly the near-term as we've lain out with great transparency, some of the margin impacts in the near-term, but these are great investments. Great investments in large, growing, favorable markets that very few companies have even the opportunity to participate in. And we bring such massive assets to them, that we believe that we're going to be well-positioned to gain leadership positions across networking, accelerated computing, and graphics, in the autonomous vehicle category, in the foundry business. And you combine that with share gaining positions and client to data-center. This is a tremendous period of time. We're seizing the opportunity. Carpe Diem.
Pierre Ferragu: Thanks Pat.
Pat Gelsinger : Very good. Last question.
Operator: Last question comes from Matt Ramsay of Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much, guys. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the data-center business. One on product and one on the results. On the product, I think, you guys reiterated that Sapphire would be shipping in Q1. Pat, I wondered if you might give some commentary on when you expect to see some legit volume ramps of Sapphire and has that timing moved? The second part of the question is on the results. It looks like the Cloud segment was down 20% year-over-year off of a plus 15 last year. So I don't know by my math, we're down say mid to high singles from Q3 Cloud levels 2 years ago pre -COVID, and CapEx has been pretty strong since. So you guys called out China, but there's some other things going on with market share. Maybe you could address those and talk about how we reverse some of that share loss? Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger : Yes. On Sapphire Rapids, it's exactly what we said back in June of this year, that's -- it's going to be in production in Q1, ramp in Q2. So no change in its timing. We're working through the latter stages of the production process with the design, getting all of the elements of it worked out as we're ready to begin that volume ramp in Q2 of next year and on track for Q1 launch. With respect to the datacenter cloud business in Q3, and we'll see some of this in Q4 as well, largely is exactly what we said. Unique exposure to China where we have uniquely high market share. Nothing else significant going on in that business, that really is the story. Overall, the server business is constrained by supply. And this would be things like [Indiscernible] controllers and power supply devices that are holding us back from achieving, and trust me, we would be shipping a lot more units if we weren't constrained by the supply chain of these other components in the industry. Our customers, both Cloud customers and OEMS, very strong backlogs that they're pressing us aggressively to satisfy. But really limited by these match sets, as we call it in the industry. So other than those 2 factors, China and match sets, everything else is going as expected for the data-center business. So maybe then let me just wrap up our call today by saying, I am so proud of the talented committed team here at Intel. Despite all of the challenges of working through the supply constraints, our teams, our factories, our product designers, the software developers are performing so well. The execution machine that we have is restoring very rapidly and a deep sense of desire that we can, and we will win. I also want to take the chance to personally thank George for his leadership. All the things that he's done for our Company, adjusted commitments, seeing through a smooth transition to his successor. We've taken the first steps of our journey and I can't wait to share more of our successes in the future. Thanks for joining us today.
Tony Balow : Alright, thank you. Got it. Thank you all for joining us today. Operator, could you please close the call?
Operator: Yes, sir. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [ Operator instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now, I would like to introduce your host for today's program, Tony Balow, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tony Balow: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to Intel's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our investor website, incc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online.  I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger at our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll have brief remarks from both, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on the environment as we currently see it. And as such, it does include risks and uncertainties.  Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder, that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining our second quarter earnings call. It's a thrilling time for both the semiconductor industry and for Intel. We're seeing unprecedented demand as the digitization of everything is accelerated by the superpowers of AI, pervasive connectivity, cloud to edge infrastructure, and increasingly ubiquitous compute. Our breadth and depth of software, silicon, and platforms, and packaging and process, combined with our at-scale manufacturing, uniquely positions Intel to capitalize on this vast growth opportunity.  Our Q2 results, which exceeded our top and bottom line expectations, reflect the strength of the industry, the demand for our products, as well as the superb execution of our factory network. As I've said before, we are only in the early innings of what is likely to be a decade of sustained growth across the industry.  Our momentum is building, as we once again beat expectations and raise our full-year revenue and EPS guidance. Just laying out our IDM 2.0 strategy in March, we feel increasingly confident that we're moving the Company forward toward our goal of delivering leadership products in every category in which we compete. While we have work to do, we are making strides to renew our execution machine. 7-nanometers is progressing very well.  We've launched new innovative products, established Intel Foundry Services, and made operational and organizational changes to lay the foundation needed to win in the next phase of our Company's great history. Here at Intel, we're proud of our past, pragmatic about the work ahead, but most importantly, confident in our future. Now, let me share some more detail on what we're seeing in the market. As compute is becoming more ubiquitous, we're seeing sustained strength in client demand.  The ecosystem is back to shipping over 1 million PC units a day despite grappling with component shortages. I expect PC TAM growth will continue in 2022 and beyond, driven by 3 factors. First, PC density, or PCs per household, is increasing as COVID has irreversibly changed the way we work, learn, connect, and care for each other. For example, even as we emerge from COVID, we're seeing many companies opt for hybrid work models versus full return to the office. Second, replacement cycles are shortening on a larger and aging installed base.  The shift to Notebooks, the deployment of new operating systems and new better experiences such as our Evo platform, will continue to drive refresh on the 400 million PCs over 4 years old, that are running Windows 10. Finally, new markets and users are adopting the PC as the device of choice, and penetration rates are increasing as worldwide GDP growth makes the PC more affordable to more people. In areas like education, we see huge potential as the number of PCs per 100 students and teachers remains in the single-digits. These trends underpin my belief that we are still in the early stages of a sustainable cycle of PC growth.  In our OEM, end channel partners have resoundingly affirmed this perspective. Beyond client, we are seeing near-term recovery across traditional datacenter market, as well as explosive long-term demand from the cloud to the intelligent edge. Our digital society is creating data at an unspeakable pace, and AI is the key to unlocking the value from this data and turning it into information.  As the appetite for meaningful data grows and the cost of compute falls, AI workloads are proliferating into more areas. And as a result, we expect the AI market to grow at more than 20% a year. This is why we are infusing AI across everything we do. Similar revolutions are occurring in the areas of connectivity where the data center will be transformed by silicon photonics and 5G, which is hitting its stride with Open RAN and in autonomous driving, all markets in which we have substantial leadership positions.  On the other side of the equation, a strong demand environment continues to stress the supply chain. While I expect the shortages to bottom out in the second half, it will take another 1 to 2 years before the industry is able to completely catch up with demand. IDM 2.0, which combines our internal manufacturing capacity with the use of third-party foundries, best positions us to weather these challenges and work with our ecosystem partners to build a more resilient supply chain.  With major FAB Construction projects underway in Oregon, Arizona, Ireland, and Israel, we are investing for the future, but we are also taking action today to find innovative ways to help mitigate industry constraints. For example, on our Q1 call, I talked about using our internal assembly test network to help with portions of the substrate manufacturing process, a benefit uniquely enabled by our IDM 2.0 strategy. I am pleased to say that this effort is now online and is significantly accelerating the availability of millions of substrates for our products.  We are also working to build the EUV ecosystem which requires significant support around the equipment, including photoresis, mass generation, and metrology. A great example is IMS Nanofabrication, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel. Using a novel multi-beam technology, IMS provides the large majority of EUV mask writing tools to the industry, and we plan to accelerate investments to advance this pivotal ecosystem capability. In the second quarter, we continue to see Intel Foundry services build momentum.  We are now engaged with more than 100 potential customers on the basis of our 3 key value propositions. First, IFS will have the widest offering of IP ranging from x86 to ARM to RISC-V, which allows our customers the flexibility to design products using our IP catalog, as well as their own. Second, we will offer our customers comprehensive access to a range of mature and leading edge process and packaging capabilities.  I am pleased to announce we recently signed our first major Cloud customer to use IFS packaging solutions. I'll have even more news to share on IFS customer momentum on Monday. Third, IFS will offer scale manufacturing that gives our customers confidence we can meet their demand. As part of that, we are committed to creating a more robust, geographically balanced, and secure supply chain.  Along with our $20 billion FAB investment in Arizona, and $3.5 billion advanced packaging investment in New Mexico, we plan to build additional capacity to support both internal and IFS growth. The U.S. Innovation and Competition Act is a tremendous step forward, to catalyze investments in manufacturing, here in the U.S., and will serve as a tailwind to our IFS efforts. After my recent visit to Europe, we're seeing similar enthusiasm from E.U. governments, customers, and overall ecosystem. And we expect to announce our plans for our next U.S. and European sites by the end of this year.  Moving to our continued focus on execution. As I said at the start of the call, we are pragmatic about the work in front of us, but supremely confident of our future. Under IDM 2.0, our factory network continues to deliver and we are now manufacturing more 10-nanometer wafers than 14-nanometer. As 10-nanometer volumes ramp, economics are improving with 10-nanometer wafer cost 45% lower year-over-year with more to come. We will talk more about our plans for process and packaging leadership in our Intel Accelerated event this Monday.  I hope you will join me for the critical update. On our path back to unquestioned product leadership, customers continue to choose Intel. Using our broad portfolio of assets, we will continue to compete aggressively for market segment share. In Q1, we gained PC share with record notebook sales, following that with record Q2 revenue. We launched 12 new processors and Tiger Lake is ramping even better than expected with more than 50 million units shipped to-date.  Finally, our future client roadmap remains strong and we expect to ship several million units of Alder Lake to customers in the second half, and Meteor Lake remains on track for production in 2023. Beyond the CPU, we reached a major milestone with our partners at Microsoft with the announcement of Windows 11. We deepened our co-engineering efforts to enable new experiences, including running Android applications seamlessly on PCs and optimize for Intel-based platforms.  We're gaining similar momentum through the year in the datacenter. Q1 was the low point in revenue for the year and we exceeded our plan in Q2. We expect DCG to grow sequentially, achieving double-digit year-on-year growth in the second half as it accelerates through the year.  Ice Lake is ramping broadly to customers, including Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu, Oracle, and other major service providers and Enterprise customers. Additionally, we continue to extend our leadership and networking by delivering a truly cloud agnostic platform using Xeon scalable processors and accelerators in partnership with Ericsson. This will allow operators like Verizon to introduce a virtualized RAN solution across all deployment scenarios, including existing footprints.  Finally, Mobileye further solidified its position as the leading supplier of advanced driver assistance platforms. In Q2, we announced a major win with Toyota and closed 10 additional design wins for over 16 million total lifetime units. Earlier this week, we hit another exciting milestone as Mobileye became the first industry player to start testing autonomous vehicles in New York City, a challenging driving environment for humans, let alone AVs. With vehicles in Israel, Germany, Detroit, Tokyo, Shanghai, and coming soon to Paris, Mobileye has the largest global footprint in the AV industry, enabled by our unique REM distributed mapping technology.  By year-end, we will have over 1 million vehicles providing telemetry for dynamic crowd-source mapping, a unique and powerful advantage of Mobileye. At Intel, we have a saying, "We begin with sand and the rest is our people." At no other point in our history have our people and culture been more important to our success. We recently made strategic organizational changes to further strengthen our technology leadership and accelerate our execution.  We have restructured our data platform group into 2 business units: the Data Center and AI Group, led by Sandra Rivera, an Intel veteran with deep knowledge of data center silicon and software, and the Network and Edge Group, which will be led by Nick McKeown, a renowned leader in the networking industry. We have also created the Accelerated Computing Systems and Graphics Group, led by Raja Koduri, to increase the Company's focus in key growth areas of high performance computing and graphics. We're also highly encouraged to have Shlomit Weiss rejoin to strengthen our design engineering core.  Finally, Greg Lavender, who joins as Intel CTO and GM of our software and advanced technology group, will drive a unified vision for our software strategy across Intel and assure it remains a competitive differentiator for us. I have the utmost confidence in our leadership team to drive the future of Intel. Together, we will continue to sharpen our focus and execution, accelerate innovation, and unleash the talent inside Intel. While there's more work ahead, we are moving at a torrid pace and I look forward to providing several updates in the coming months.  On Monday, I invite you to attend Intel Accelerated, where we will lay out our roadmap to regain process performance leadership, and share what comes next for our world-class packaging technologies. In October, we will hold our Intel Innovation Event, a geek fest for the industry to come together and explore the technology that will drive the next decade and beyond.  Finally, at our Investor Day on November 18th, we'll pull it all together and present a compelling long-term business plan to drive sustained growth and shareholder value creation. As you can see, we have a lot playing for the rest of the year. But for now, I'll turn it over to George to discuss our Q2 performance and outlook.
George Davis: Thanks, Pat. And good afternoon, everyone. As Pat said, we had a very strong Q2, and are raising full-year revenue guidance by $1 billion despite a highly constrained supply environment. Q2 revenue was $18.5 billion, exceeding our guidance by $700 million. This upside was led by continued strength in our PC business and earlier-than-expected recovery in both our IOTG business and the enterprise portion of the data center segment. The PC and Mobileye businesses both achieved record Q2 revenue.  Gross margin for the quarter was 59.2%, exceeding guide by 220 basis points, primarily due to improved mix and strong flow-through on higher revenue. Q2 EPS was $1.28. up $0.23 versus guide, largely on strong operational performance across the board. In Q2, we generated $8.7 billion of cash from operations. Free cash flow of $5.1 billion, and paid dividends of $1.4 billion. Moving to segment performance in the quarter. DCG revenue was $10.1 billion, up 6% year-over-year.  The growth of our core client business is up 14%, when we exclude the impact of the ramping down Apple modem business and the exit of our home gateway business. This shows the strong underlying growth in our client business despite a supply constrained environment. Platform ASPs in client were up 4% sequentially on richer mix within notebook and increased desktop volume.  On a year-over-year basis, the strength in consumer entry and education led to lower overall ASPs. Operating income was $3.8 billion up 32% year-over-year on higher revenue, lower inventory reserves, and reduced 10-nanometer costs. DCG revenue was $6.5 billion exceeding our expectations, but down 9% year-over-year versus a challenging compare and a continued competitive environment.  Sequentially, DCG grew 16% with all segments growing quarter-over-quarter, and Enterprise returning to year-over-year growth. Operating income was $1.9 billion, down 37% year-over-year, primarily on lower revenue, the 10-nanometer production ramp, and increased R&D investment. IoTG revenue was $984 million, up 47% year-over-year on a broad-based recovery from COVID - driven loss, and up 8% quarter-over-quarter, led by strength in the retail segment.  Operating margin was $287 million, up 310% year-over-year, returning to pre-COVID levels of profitability. Mobileye revenue was $327 million, up 124% year-over-year, but down sequentially due to COVID related slowdowns at automotive OEM s. Operating margin was $109 million. Mobileye continues to execute extremely well, and we are seeing continued design win momentum. DSG revenue was $486 million, down 3% year-over-year due to significant supply constraints. Demand continues to significantly exceed supply for FPGA s. Operating margin was $82 million, up 3% year-over-year.  Moving to our Q3 and full-year outlook. For Q3, we are guiding revenue of $18.2 billion, up 5.4% year-over-year. We remain in a highly constrained environment where we are unable to fully supply customer demand. In CCG, we continue to see very strong demand for our client products and expect TAM growth to continue. However, persistent industry-wide component in substrate shortages are expected to lower CCG revenues sequentially. We expect supply shortages to continue for several quarters, but appear to be particularly acute for clients in Q3. In data center, we expect enterprise and government, and Cloud to show further recovery in Q3.  As a result, we expect to see strong year-over-year growth in the quarter. Sequentially, we are expecting modest growth that is expected to accelerate further in Q4. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 55%, down approximately 150 basis points year-over-year, as 7-nanometer gains momentum, and the Meteor Lake pilot line ramps. We're also seeing pre -PRQ reserves on our Alder Lake product. We are forecasting EPS of $1.10 per share, and a tax rate of approximately 4%. The forecast includes approximately $0.10 of 1-time tax benefit from our on-shoring of certain entities as part of our long-term tax planning.  Turning to our full-year outlook. We are raising our revenue guidance by $1 billion to $73.5 billion, with gross margin of 56.5% and EPS of $4.80, up $0.20 from our prior guide. Consistent with the investment mode we are in under IDM 2.0, we expect Capex of $19 to $20 billion this year, and free cash flow to be $11 billion up $500 million versus prior expectations.  In our CCG business, we expect full-year revenue to be flat to slightly down year-over-year, as growth from an increasing TAM is offset by supply constraints and the ramp-down of our Apple modem and CPU revenue, and the exit of our Home Gateway business. Adjusting for all of the Apple and Home Gateway business, CCG would've been up high single-digits year-over-year.  For DCG, we expect full-year revenue to be slightly down year-over-year, with second half revenue significantly higher than first half, as E&G and Cloud recovers. As a result, we expect Data Center will return to year-over-year growth in both Q3 and Q4. Gross margin % is expected to be lower in the second half of the year, predominantly due to 7-nanometer factory ramp, worsening supply constraints impacting client volume and mix, and a one-time charge in Q4 related to our Intel federal business. For your models, apps and this one-time charge, the implied Q4 gross margin would be approximately flat to Q3.  It is good to remember that our investment in 7-nanometer represents a normal impact to introducing new process technologies. Since April, we have seen supply chain inflation happening faster than we are electing to pass through to our customers, further impacting our second half gross margin outlook. We expect increased R&D through the year as we invest in our roadmap and IDM 2.0 strategy, resulting in year-over-year growth in OpEx, of approximately 10%. With that, let me turn it back over to Tony and get to your questions.
Tony Balow: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just 1 question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce the first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Pat, there were some headlines recently about you potentially looking at maybe building out your Foundry business by M&A, and I'm wondering, can you just comment broadly, do you think that M&A would significantly accelerate your Foundry efforts? I know right now you are basically offering the 22-nanometer process, and you probably have to offer more processes to pull those efforts forward. So I'm wondering if you can comment on the headlines that were out there. Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Hey, thanks for the question, Tim, and great to be with you all today. So first I'd say, obviously we can't comment specifically on the speculation that you've been hearing, but feel what I'll say is, we're very happy with the build-out of the IFS business. As you say, it will include mature nodes, our 22 SFL, it will also include our leading edge nodes as well, our packaging offerings. And overall we're just seeing great momentum over a 100 customers in our pipeline. And we fully expect that this is going to be a great business for us.  At this point, we would not say that M&A is critical, but nor would we rule it out. Our view is that industry consolidation is very likely. The intense R&D, the need to move to modern and leading edge nodes, the massive capital investments required, we just simply view that smaller players simply won't be able to keep up, and foundries without leading edge capabilities will be left behind. And we're continually seeking ways to accelerate our plans with IFS. If an acquisition can help, we will certainly not rule it out. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to clarify, George, the one-time charge in Q4, roughly $300 million. Can you give a little more color on that? And then I guess Pat or George, bigger picture question. As you're going through this transformation, IDM 2.0 strategy, is there a free cash flow target that you have in your mind in the coming 1 or 2 years or no? Thank you.
George Davis: Let me -- I'll start with the one-time charge, without going into too much detail. It is related to our high performance compute activities through our Intel Federal. It's crystallized in Q4 at the time that we execute a contract. So that's the reason for the timing.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I would just say the HPC business for us, consistent with the reorg that we just announced, C.J., we just see a huge opportunity for us as we start delivering our GPU HPC, specialized versions of the Xeon product. We see a great opportunity. The reorg brings more focus on this business. So even though there is the one-time charge in Q4, we see this as a great business for us for the long term. And one that just will bring many, many technological market and business benefits. So George, I'll let you answer the second half.
George Davis: In terms of free cash flow, obviously very important. We're focused on that. We've raised it this year, as you saw on the call. We will go through not only free cash flow, but capital and all of the normal key financial metrics for the Company at the November Analyst Meeting. We'll defer until that time on that question, but thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Question, please.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Pat, I wanted to ask a bigger picture question just on pricing in the quarter, and your philosophy around pricing. It sounds like within the client business mix explains a lot of the decline in ASPs year-over-year. But when I look at the Data Center Group, especially with enterprise up and calms down year-over-year, I was a little bit surprised to see ASPs in that group down about 7% year-over-year. Can you help us understand what's mix versus like for like? And as you think about regaining product dominance, how do you use pricing to kind of maintain a share as you get your feet back underneath you?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And broadly speaking, my comments will be a little bit specific to start with on the datacCenter business proper. Data center business good, good recovery in Q2. And with that there was some ASP decline, some of that's competitive driven. A little bit of that is mix-driven, but a bit more competitive.  Our outlook there is, is that we see fairly stable pricing and market segment share in the data center business for the second half of the year. And that's driven by, I will just say, we're bringing everything we got to the table to continue to win back the market, and with that, our software resources, our deep investments with our customers, the increasing strength of our product line.  Yeah, I'd also highlight they have a very strong ramp for the Ice Lake product, which is very competitive. Clear leadership on a number of metrics, the critical one such as AI performance. And we're also starting to see the return to growth in Cloud as you note, but stronger growth in the enterprise portion of the market.  Overall, DCG, good growth second half over first half. We'll be very competitive with that business but it's a supply constrained environment overall, which is the similar case for the client business.  Overall, we don't see a lot of movement on ASP first half to second half in either of those businesses. It really is about supply limitations. And as George commented, we're not passing through all of our supply constraint price increases that we're seeing from our supply chain. We really see it as an opportunity to be investing with our customers, rebuilding their confidence and partnership for the future. And we're feeling very good about our overall strength, momentum, and competitiveness as we go into the second half.
George Davis: And C.J., I would just add. The Q2 number which looks like a double-digit ASP decrease for CCG, I would just remind you that that's a year-over-year comparison where we have a much bigger mix of the small Core products, which is really driving that. You saw units were up 33% and ASPs were down 15%. It's really the mix that is reflected there.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question, please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question on depreciation. It's been coming down sequentially for the last several quarters. It was actually down again sequentially this quarter. How is that possible given the CapEx ramp? Like what's going on there? And how do we think about depreciation's impact in gross margin going forward, given it's run rating under $10 billion annually and your CapEx is now going to $20 billion annually. Like how do we think about those?
George Davis: Yes, Stacy, so the absolute numbers are down -- are trending what is counter-intuitively, and really it's NAND moving from non-GAAP into GAAP. There's no depreciation for the NAND business anymore, as it's under the accounting once it's held for sale. It's an anomaly. Yes, we expect depreciation to increase as we're ramping CapEx over the next several years. And again, in terms of how all of that translates into everything from gross margins to free cash flow, we'll cover all that at the Analysts Day. But you're not missing anything.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you.
George Davis: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could address the timing on Sapphire Rapids. There was some stuff on your blog, end of June, that there was a delay. It doesn't sound like from customers, there's been that much of a change. But just maybe from your standpoint, how should we think about the timing of that product and how it affects you over the next 12 months?
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, Joe. I'll take that one. Overall, as I said, you have the Data Center business strong momentum. And we really felt Q1 is the low point, Q2 gaining momentum, second half Ice Lake ramp being very strong. And obviously customers are now very anxious and excited about Sapphire Rapids' huge performance improvements, but also huge feature capabilities as part of that. So we did add a bit more time for the validation cycle. We are now deep into the validation. It's in the hands of customers with volumes sampling underway.  And they're quite excited about not just the performance capabilities, core count increases, but a lot of the new technologies in the area of new memory capabilities, new PCI, Gen 5 capabilities, many of the new features that we've brought in here for AI performance in particular. Overall, it's going to be a great product and we're expecting to see a very strong ramp of it in the first half of next year. And this, we think, will just continue to build the momentum of the Data Center business as we've indicated strong second half as forecast, and we're going to build on that as we go into the next year with Sapphire Rapids. And the overall roadmap execution is improving, as we look for '23 and '24 to deliver unquestioned leadership product across everything that we do, including the Data Center.
Joe Moore: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Back one more on the Foundry business. We have heard that Intel commit, I think 20 billion to the U.S. Foundry over the next several years, another 20 billion to Foundry operations in Europe. I'm curious when that spending is going to start, and importantly, who are the target customers? Because when I look at the fabulous landscape, it's not the cloud vendors who are the large fabless customers. It's Apple, it's Qualcomm, it's NVIDIA, Marvell, AMD, etc. Many of them compete against Intel. I'm curious, who is -- who are the target customers here that can justify this nearly 40 billion of spending that Intel is committing to from a Foundry perspective? Thank you.
George Davis: Yeah. Vivek, this is George. A couple of things. Number 1, we're short of supply, so we're the first big customer going into that expanded capacity, and we'll open up those facilities, getting the shells, and what I would call the lower-cost elements in place, is something that quite frankly we'd fallen behind on over the last few years. So this is -- we're playing a little catch-up just for our own requirements. With Foundry, we'll be talking about some potential customers. We've talked about 100 customers that are talking to us about Foundry opportunities.  Obviously, when you bring on a new Foundry customer, as you look at the lead times that are needed for that and the lead times that are needed to actually do the most expensive part of adding to your capacity, those things actually line up pretty well, so we'll manage that, manage that quite tightly. We'll go into this in more detail in November, but it's not a -- this is not intended to be a, we'll just keep building and hoping that somebody shows up. It's going to be tied to the demand signals that we're receiving. And that, not only for us, which are significantly in excess of our capacity today, but also for the customers we're working with, which I believe we'll be talking about more next week at our event.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And just to add, Vivek, we'll cover some more of this on Monday in our Intel Accelerated event. And as part of that, we'll be laying out more specifics on the roadmap, the process, the packaging. But I'll say to the core of your question was, who's going to be the customers for this? We expect a broad range of customers. We're going to have a range of offerings on the menu, if you could, for modern nodes as well as leading edge nodes. We expect a range of customers across different segments of the marketplace, including some of the largest users of wafer capacity in the industry.  There's a lot of excitement in the marketplace, 100+ customers in the pipeline already, and you can expect to see great things in this area of a new and exciting business. The world needs more semiconductors. The world needs a more balanced geographic supply chain for those semiconductors. And we're finding enormous momentum and enthusiasm for that strong support from the customers, the ecosystem, as well as the governments around the world.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your question, please.
Matt Ramsay: Good afternoon. Thank you very much. Pat, I was really pleased to see you guys announce that Greg was going to come join you as CTO. I don't know how many of the semiconductor folks are familiar with his background. And maybe you could just talk a little bit about what, as CTO, is going to be under Greg's remit. I know you guys have had this one API software strategy for a while that looks great in slides and on paper, but we've not seen a ton from it. If you could expand a little bit about what's exactly going to be under Greg's remit and what he is going to be charged with, that would be really helpful. Thanks.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thank you, Matt. And Greg will be CTO -- the Company's CTO. So as part of that remit will be all of our labs' advanced research capabilities. We have a pool of hundreds of PHD's doing advanced research and some of the most leading-edge work is done. And as you probably know about Greg as well, he was a UT professor and was my CTO at VMware. He will also be the leader of all of our central software activities. And this is a large organization. It's bios, drivers, compilers, all of those core things, and the One API initiative which we're now starting to see major partners come and align with us around One API.  The third and maybe most important area under his remit will be standardizing the upper layers of the software stack for us. And in particular the AI software offerings deal for us. And this is an area that we have, you all say, not managed well. We've had too many pieces in different portions of the organization, so he will become the AI software leader at scale for us in an area that's going to be critical to standardize, deliver, and just deliver some of the world-leading research that we have in the area of our software remit for our AI product offerings overall.  Super excited to have him on the team, a world-class technologist and software leader combining with another world-class leader like Nick McKeown, a world-class leader like Shlomit Weiss coming back on the team for our engineering, talent flow, was going out of the Company; it is now coming back to the Company. And we are excited about the leadership team that we are forming.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JP Morgan. Your question, please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On your Data Center business, good to see the sequential inflection in Q2. Looking into the second half in your guidance for Q3 and Q4, it looks like DCG is going to grow double digits percentage year-over-year in the second half. And then that would imply that your Data Center business is growing double digit second half versus first half of this year. Is the math roughly correct in addition to cloud and hyperscale spending reacceleration and improving enterprise? Does the team continue to see strength in service provider as well, as your customers continue to build out their 5G networks?
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, yes, and yes to your question, Harlan. And we're really -- the first half, second half, year-over-year, you got it. We're seeing the growth for it. And like we said, we saw the bottom in Q1, great Q2, momentum continuing into the second half and next year. And we saw strong growth in enterprise and government, recovery in Cloud, we're seeing growth in that area.  But as you say -- I'll just say we are so well-positioned on the Edge and the 5G. The open RAN, vRAN initiatives in the industry are now hitting stride. And I think I've only been on 3 major service provider calls this week on exactly that topic, where they are really starting to look at those deployments at scale for a standardized software-driven Edge environment for their 5G networks. And I'd also say, this is a victory for innovation.  Just a year ago, we were very -- just 3 years ago there was grave geopolitical concerns around 5G and would there ever be flexibility for how that would get deployed nationally. Now, everybody is aligning against the O-RAN, vRAN initiatives as the way to do their 5G broad deployments. And the Intel platform sits in the center of those almost everywhere in the world. It really is a great success story for us and one that we think that we'll be harvesting from many, many years to come.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Toshiya Hari: Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had a multi-part question on gross margin. George, you talked about PRQ reserves related to Alder Lake being a headwind this quarter. If you can quantify that for us, ballpark, that would be super helpful. And then towards the end of your remarks, in terms of the second half outlook in terms of gross margin, you talked about supply tightness driving a deterioration in CCG mix. I was a little surprised to hear that, given how strong Chromebooks were in the first half. If you can elaborate on that, that would be super helpful as well. Thank you.
George Davis: In terms of -- if we're looking at the particularly -- let's just look at Q3, because that's where we discussed Alder Lake pre-RQ reserves. It's one of the two top movers when you look at being down 400 basis points, it's certainly, it's not the majority, but it's a meaningful impact in the quarter. 7-nanometer startup cost ramping is the biggest impact far and away.  In terms of supply tightness, the challenge is, part of what made Q2 so great was customers really challenged our sales teams and our factories to remix within a quarter to provide them with the components that they could then match with what their supply chain was providing them so they could get to market. Watching it was super impressive, a little bit scary at times, but the team did a fantastic job.  We did a really good job of eating up a lot of our substrates, some of which we thought we would have available to us in Q3. The supply impact is more of a volume impact. Customers are already starting to mix upwards, so that's usually a positive for gross margin. And if there's upside in the second half, it will come from both higher substrates and the ability -- and a higher mix, and that could well be the case.  We were cautious. Q3, we could see we had a real supply challenge, it's acute. But Q4, we're doing everything we can to help our substrate suppliers increase supply, including finishing up some of their manufacturing in our own facilities, which is something we could do with an IDM. If we have more success than we can forecast today, maybe Q4 could be seen as conservative.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from SMBC Nikko. Your question, please.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Just to follow-up to the previous question, George. Could you give us some idea as we head into the next year, what are some of the puts and takes on the gross margin front? I'm just curious as to how long the 7-nanometer cost will persist, and when do they peak out? And as we go into first half of next year, how should we think about the gross margins?
George Davis: Yeah. Again, I'm going to defer any kind of forecasting of '22 and beyond. But as you know, the fact that we have the 7-nanometer startup ramping is a good sign that we're getting close to being able to get products ramping, and that's what really drives down cost over time. I think Pat was talking about the Q2 or Q2 of 47% reduction in wafer costs in 10-nanometer. That's the kind of benefit you can get as you ramp into a process. We'll lay out more of our thinking in that regard later.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your question, please.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a quick follow-up on the substrates commentary during the Q&A. Is this something that you believe can actually help you competitively as you ramp substrate manufacturing in-house, particularly if supply constraints continue in the first half of next year?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah, we do think it generally moderates market share movements in the industry period. And if anything, we're able to use it as an advantage because we are able to pull some of those substrate steps. just to be clear, we're still relying on our substrate network, but we're pulling some of the backend processing into our own factories, which allows us to essentially get more out of the capacity that's available in the industry. And that's what's enabling us to, I'll say, continue to overachieve on the overall market share gains that we've been seeing.  This has been an important factor. We do have -- some of that factored into our second half. We do hope to continue to overachieve in that area. And if I'd say, why did we overachieve so much in Q2? The heroes for the quarter for us were our manufacturing and operations team. They just did a superb job for us, and really relying on them from the second half, and as George said, hey, if there's more opportunity for us to overachieve on the guide that we set for the second half, it's going to come at the hands of their ability to essentially create more out of nothing; find capacity in the industry, build it out.  And we're doing quite well in this respect, but overall, it is a constrained environment. And as a result, we and everybody else, we're trying to drive our factories harder, drive yields better, and be able to improve the supply chain of the industry. And we're quite excited about the enthusiasm we see in this consistent strong demand signal, as the world becomes more digital. And we're going to be building our internal factories rapidly, our supply chains rapidly, and working with our supply chain quite aggressively.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I wanted to turn to the profitability side of things, and specifically on DCG and the operating margin there. It's great to see that it improved from first quarter to second quarter. And given the revenue trajectory, I would assume it would improve again in the back half of the year.  But kind of trough to trough 2018 of digestion period to this most recent one, the operating margin is about 10 points lower, mid-20s roughly versus mid-30s prior. And I really wanted to understand, why is it lower this time? And perhaps even much more importantly, going forward, is there anything structurally that is going to stop that from returning back to the 40% to 50% operating margin range you guys have historically driven. Competitive dynamics, need to catch up on the manufacturing side, so you have headwinds there. People customizing more cloud competition internally, any of those dynamics that would stop you from getting back to that range? Thanks.
George Davis: Yeah, thanks. Maybe starting at the latter part of your question. There's no long-term reason why you could not see DCG return to more historical margins. What you're seeing today is a reflection of a couple of things. First off, year-over-year, you've got significant factory start-up costs embedded for them which as you look at our operating margin. I would say another thing that people maybe are overlooking is our OpEx investments. We have significantly increased the OpEx and key areas of the Company even as we've taken down about $2 billion of OpEx since 2018 on various Portfolio actions.  And the DCG and the Xeon product line is absolutely critical to the Company. And so we have substantially increased OpEx within that as well, so that's the second largest impact. and we're going to continue to do that for as long as it's needed. And as you know, ultimately, it is your product competitiveness that gives you more flexibility to drive up ASPs further from today and drive higher gross margins. But I think the early comparison this year were just off as such a strong comparement. The first half of last year was just super strong, high XCC account quarters. And in the first half of this year, although Q2, quite frankly, it was a lot better than we thought coming into it for DCG, on strength in enterprise. But the comparisons year-over-year were quite tough.  As you noted, it's coming up and yes, 7-nanometer start-up is going to be -- got to be absorbed in the higher OpEx, but I think, as you see, our product portfolio continue to get stronger and stronger with Ice Lake and Sapphire Rapids, and then for the generations after that. there's no reason why over time, we don't get back to historic levels.
Pat Gelsinger: And I'd also just add 1 small point that the IFS gives us the opportunity to co-engineer with our largest customers. And this in fact creates a unique competitive differentiation where our IP with their IP is creating products that are very uniquely beneficial to their TCO and very co-engineered, so very sticky for both of us. And the example customer that we said of a very large cloud customer as one of our IFS early customers is an example of that kind of co-engineering that we expect that we'll be doing at scale for that portion of the marketplace pretty uniquely.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you. Pat, I just wanted to get back to the competitive environment and just trying to connect all the dots. So in your slide deck for second quarter, you said that the ASPs are down and you referred to an increasingly competitive environment in servers. But in response to one of the questions earlier on, you said you expect a more stable share and pricing environment in DCG. And then the final thing that caught my attention was on the substrate side, you said you're leveraging that backend to moderate market shares. So is that true for the -- did I get that correct? That the environment -- competitive environment will be stable versus what it was in the second quarter? And then, is the substrate also enabling your captive footprint in the backend is allowing you to probably stabilize share losses in the data center side as well? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: The comment on fairly stable market segment share and ASP for DCG for the second half of the year is what our expectations are. I'll just say, I think that the substrate and the overall supply limitations keeps, I'll say, a bound on market share movements in that area, the business overall. We do think incrementally, our IDM capabilities give us a bit more capacity.  And we saw market share gains, for instance, in the first half of the year in the client business as a result of that, and we do think that gives us some ability to hopefully do a bit better than we've even guided, with if it occurs. But overall, yeah, your question's in the right domain. Fairly stable ASPs, fairly stable market segment share in the data center in the second half of the year, which as we've already said, is substantially improved from last year as well as from the first half of this year.  Products are getting more competitive. Stronger products give us more ASP capabilities as they become more competitive. But overall, we're feeling like the bottom was Q1, Q2 showed that to be the case even a bit above our expectations and we're on a great trajectory for the second half and into next year.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you. Well, I think we'll wrap up at this point. And before we sign off, one last opportunity to say what it is an honor to be back for my dream job to run this iconic Company at this pivotal time in the history of the semiconductor industry. We're rebuilding our heritage of execution, innovation and growth, along with the 110,000 talented, passionate Intel employees. I am just absolutely confident that the best days for this Company are ahead of us. Thanks for the call today, and I do look forward to talking to you all at our Intel Accelerated Event on Monday. Talk to you then. Thank you so much.
Tony Balow: Thanks, Pat. Thank you all for joining today. Operator, can you please close the call?
Operator: Certainly, thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intel Corp.’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Head of Investor Relations, Tony Balow. Please go ahead.
Tony Balow: Thank you, Operator. Welcome everyone to Intel’s first quarter earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our Investor website. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I am joined today by our CEO, Pat Gelsinger; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we will hear brief remarks from both followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Today we provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. We will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. As a reminder, our non-GAAP results exclude our NAND memory business, which is subject to a pending divestiture and our non-GAAP year-over-year comparisons also exclude NAND from 2020 results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. It’s a pleasure to be with you for my first earnings call. I consider it an honor to be CEO of this great company. Thanks for joining today. Intel delivered a strong Q1 that beat our January guide on both the top and bottomline driven by exceptional demand for our products and exclusive execution by our team. We shipped a record volume of notebook CPUs. We launched new competitive Intel Core and Xeon processors. Mobileye had its best quarter ever. With tremendous industry support, we unveiled our IDM 2.0 strategy, setting a bold new course for technology leadership at Intel. The response from employees, partners and customers has been incredible. Our teams are reinvigorated, innovating and executing. It’s amazing to be back at Intel and Intel is back. Before George takes you through the financial details of the quarter, I will begin with the industry trends we are seeing and why Intel is well-positioned to aggressively capitalize on them. Said simply, Intel is the only company with the depth and breadth of software, silicon and platforms, and packaging and process with at-scale manufacturing that customers can depend on for their next-generation innovations. There are four super powers driving digital transformation, cloud, connectivity, artificial intelligence and the intelligent edge. Intel’s mission and we are uniquely positioned to do so, is to help customers harness these super powers to improve the lives of every human on the planet. The digitization of everything was remarkably accelerated by COVID and has spurred innovation and new models of working and learning, interacting and care. Technology is increasingly central to every aspect of human existence and semiconductors are the foundation. This is creating a cycle of explosive growth in semiconductors that will result in sustained growth for a decade or more. The PC ecosystem in particular is experiencing resurgence. This remote work and learning dynamic of COVID led to more PC shipments in 2020 than at any point since 2012 and that’s continuing. 2021 is shaping up to be the largest PC market ever. In fact, we shipped more notebook CPUs in Q1 than in any other quarter in our history. Total platform unit volumes were up well over 30% in the first quarter. In many markets, one PC in every home is no longer enough. The number of PCs per household, what we call PC density is increasing. We are seeing strong growth in education, where on a global basis, the number of PCs per hundred students and teachers still remains in the single digits. Every student needs a laptop. We have a long way to go. In addition, there are over 400 million PCs running Windows 10 that are over four years old today, which is an enormous PC refresh opportunity. Intel is leading this rejuvenation of the PC with marketing, user experience and purpose-built innovation at the software, silicon and platform level. We shipped Tiger Lake H for notebooks and Rocket Lake for desktops, and customer reception has been enthusiastic. As a sign of our improving execution, we qualified Tiger Lake H ahead of schedule in 10-nanometers and we expect 10-nanometer unit volumes to cross over 14-nanometers in the second half of the year. Our Intel Evo platform gives buyers the very best mobile experience and we are deepening our ecosystem engagement with partners including Microsoft, Google and Samsung to advance the PC experience in new innovative ways. We see no signs of PC demand slowing and believe the industry will return to shipping more than a million units a day. With over 100 million Xeon servers in the install base, the world runs on Intel. Building on that foundation, we recently launched our most advanced high-performance data center platform optimized to power the industry’s broadest range of workloads from the cloud to the network to the intelligent edge. At the heart of this is our new 3rd-gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor code named Ice Lake, which offers nearly 50% gen-over-gen performance improvements across a range of workloads. We are already shipping Ice Lake to more than 30 customers, including major cloud providers, communication service providers, enterprise and HPC customers.  Another trend driving demand for more and more optimized computing performance is the infusion of artificial intelligence and machine learning into nearly every application. As the only x86 Data Center CPU with built-in AI acceleration, Ice Lake provides 74% gen-over-gen improvement on AI workloads and our Habana discrete solutions address the needs of those customers with extreme AI demands in areas like training. Sometimes customers want both. For example, UC San Diego will use Intel Xeon and Habana AI accelerators to power their new Voyager super computer. Mobileye set a new quarterly record. Mobileye’s assisted driving technology continues to win over auto makers with eight new design wins in Q1. We have programs with 13 of the 15 top automotive OEMs. Mobileye continues to open new categories such as delivery transport with a win at Udelv and is rapidly evolving to power L4 fully autonomous robotaxis beginning next year. We continue to have extraordinary success winning in the next-generation 5G environments. A great example from this quarter is our collaboration with Google Cloud to develop solutions that help communication service providers accelerate 5G deployment across multiple network and edge locations. We are already seeing significant adoption of oneAPI and oneAPI power tool kits for high performance computing, AI and data analytics. Developers and customers are embracing oneAPI’s open standard space approach for unified programming across architectures and vendors. This includes leading cloud service providers who are embracing oneAPI at scale. The unprecedented demand for semiconductors has stressed supply chains across the industry. We have doubled our internal wafer capacity the last few years, but the industry is now challenged by a shortage of foundry capacity, substrates and components. We expect it will take a couple of years for the ecosystem to make the significant investments to address these shortages. This fundamental industry challenge underscores the importance of our unique and differentiated IDM 2.0 strategy. IDM 2.0 utilizes our internal factory network to reliably deliver leadership products and provide the industry another source of foundry capacity through our new Intel foundry services. Leveraging our IDM advantage, we are working aggressively across our global supply chain to solve substrate shortages to satisfy our customer’s surging demand and gain market share. For example, by partnering closely with our suppliers, we are creatively utilizing our internal assembly factory network to remove a major constraint in our substrate supply. Coming online in Q2, this capability will increase the availability of millions of units in 2021. It’s a great example where the IDM model gives us flexibility to address the dynamic market. It’s clear the industry and Intel will need more capacity to meet strong future demand, which is why we are dramatically expanding our foundry capability with Intel Foundry Services, starting with a $20 billion investment for our first large scale foundry operations in Arizona. We plan to expand other locations and establish Intel Foundry Services as a major provider of committed foundry capacity in the U.S. and Europe, while ensuring a sustainable and secure semiconductor supply for the world. Since its announcement, the industry response to Intel Foundry Services have already been incredible. We are engaged with well over 50 potential customers today. We are seeing excitement from some of the top technology giants in the world across industry verticals ranging from automotive to high-performance compute and cloud service providers. We have been responding to and proactively engaging with automotive component suppliers on how we can help them with their supply chains and alleviate shortages in both the near- and long-term. We are doing our part to address this global supply crisis, but we cannot do it alone. The investment needed at the scale required is immense and it will require close industry and government partnership to address this need. Governments around the world are recognizing the critical nature of semiconductors and the need to increase advanced chip manufacturing capacity and prepare for the future. We are encouraged by President Biden’s recognition of semiconductor manufacturing as a critical component of our national infrastructure, and its inclusion along with key research and infrastructure investments in broadband in the American Jobs Plan. Looking ahead, we are confident our strategy will drive innovation and technology leadership for Intel. 7-nanometers is progressing well and IDM 2.0 puts us on a path to restore process performance leadership and build on our industry-leading packaging technologies. With IDM 2.0, we will have superior capacity and supply, resilience by leveraging our internal and external capacity and a superior cost structure.  By accelerating our clock rate of innovation, we will deliver leadership products in every category. In the PC business, we will follow the successful launches of Tiger Lake and Rocket Lake with Alder Lake, which is currently sampling and will ship in the second half of this year. Within the next couple of weeks, we will tape in the compute tile for Meteor Lake, our first 7-nanometer CPU for 2023. In the data center, we will follow the strong ramp of Ice Lake with Sapphire Rapids, which is scheduled to reach production around the end of this year and ramp in the first half of 2022. Overall, our 2023 roadmaps are firm and under execution, and our 2024 and 2025 plans are well underway to provide unquestioned leadership product in every category we participate in. The Intel innovation machine is fired up. Before I pass it to George for the details in the quarter, let me reiterate how excited I am to be back. You can feel the energy inside of Intel, the passion to innovate and the drive that made us great. We are reigniting our culture to attract, retain, and motivate the best and brightest engineers in the industry. In fact, we have onboarded over 2,000 engineers so far this year including the recent key hire of Sanjay Natarajan, who will co-lead our logic technology development. In total, we expect to add several thousand more engineers by the end of the year. 2021 is a pivotal year as we lay the foundation of our winning IDM 2.0 strategy and invest in our future to accelerate our trajectory and execution. Given the incredible demand for computing, the strength of our IDM 2.0 strategy and the technology investments we are making, I am certain Intel’s best days are in front of us.
George Davis: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. Q1 marked a stronger than expected start to the year, with both our PC notebook and Mobileye businesses achieving record quarters. Our revenue was $18.6 billion, exceeding our guidance by $1.1 billion led by strength in our PC business and the first signs of recovery in the enterprise and government portion of our data center business. Our IoTG, Mobileye and PSG businesses also posted strong sequential growth as they began to emerge from an adverse macroeconomic environment driven by COVID. As noted in our January guidance, Q1 revenue includes an approximately $580 million one-time corporate revenue item.  Gross margin for the quarter was 58.4%, exceeding guide by approximately 40 basis points largely due to flow-through on higher revenue. Q1 EPS was $1.39, up $0.29 versus guide, with the majority of the beat on strong operational performance and the balance on gains related to our ICAP portfolio. Note that these non-GAAP results exclude the impact of a charge related to VLSI litigation that are included in GAAP results. In Q1, we generated $5.5 billion of cash from operations and free cash flow of $1.6 billion. We repurchased $2.4 billion of shares, completing the $20 billion repurchase plan announced in October of 2019. Going forward, we expect to have lower stock repurchases as we enter an investment phase to support strong demand growth in client, build initial infrastructure for future foundry volumes and make necessary investments to accelerate our return to process leadership. We remain committed to growing the dividend. Moving to segment performance in the quarter, CCG revenue was up 8% year-over-year, driven by all-time record notebook unit volumes, up 54% year-over-year. Increased volume in the consumer entry and education segments resulted in platform ASPs being down 20% year-over-year. Excluding this upside volume, ASP’s were flat year-over-year. Combined with growth in our Wi-Fi and Thunderbolt connectivity businesses, revenue grew overall in CCG despite the ramp-down of our modem and Mac sales, and the impact of exiting our connected home division.  Operating income was $4.1 billion, down 2% year-over-year on higher 10-nanometer mix and increased R&D investment. DCG delivered revenue of $5.6 billion, somewhat above our expectations, but down 20% year-over-year on a challenging compare. Enterprise and government saw initial recovery with sequential performance above seasonal expectations, while cloud inventory digestion persisted through the quarter as expected. Strong network SoC growth and products mix drove more than half of the 14% year-over-year ASP decline. DCG operating income in Q1 was down $2.2 billion year-over-year on lower revenue, transition to 10-nanometer and increased R&D investment in our Xeon roadmap. Our Intelligent Edge businesses were up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter as COVID-related demand impacts began to subside. Specifically, IoTG revenue was up 18% quarter-over-quarter with strength in retail and industrial segments. Mobileye revenue and operating margin were both all-time records at $377 million and $147 million, respectively. Mobileye continues to execute well and gain market segment share as the auto industry recovers from pandemic lows. DSG revenue was up 15% quarter-over-quarter with strength in its communications and embedded segments. Moving to our Q2 and full year outlook. For Q2, we are guiding revenue of $17.8 billion, down 2% year-over-year excluding our NAND business. We continue to see very strong demand for PCs, with fulfillment challenges on industry-wide component and substrate shortages. In data center, we believe revenue bottomed in Q1 and will increase in Q2 as cloud digestion impacts begin to subside, and enterprise and government momentum continues.  Gross margin is expected to be approximately 57%, up approximately 1 point year-over-year, driven by lower inventory reserves and improved 10-nanometer costs, partially offset by factory start-up costs. We are forecasting EPS of $1.05 per share and a tax rate of 13%. For full year, we are increasing our guidance provided in March, now forecasting $72.5 billion in revenue, up $500 million from our prior guidance, gross margin of 56.5% and EPS at $4.60, up $0.05 from our March 23 call. We now expect free cash flow to be $10.5 billion, up $500 million versus prior expectations. We continue to see very strong PC demand with both TAM and our internal PC supply growing double-digits year-over-year, but we expect CCG revenue to be more first-half-weighted than normal seasonality due to industry-wide supply constraints and the continuing ramp-down of modem and Apple Mac revenue. In data center, we expect increased demand in the second half as both cloud, enterprise and government segments return to growth. Gross margin percent will be lower in the second half of the year, predominantly due to increased 7-nanometer start-up costs and industry-wide supply constraints impacting client volume and mix. We expect increased R&D throughout the year as we invest in our roadmap and IDM 2.0 strategy. As stated in March, this guide is tempered by DCG-related entity list uncertainty and industry-wide supply constraints, primarily impacting our client, IoTG and PSG businesses. We are working closely with our supply chain partners and leveraging our unique IDM capabilities to mitigate these supply constraints, gaining market segment share and outperform this guide. With that, let me turn it back over to Tony and get to your questions.
Tony Balow: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. You may begin.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and nice job on the quarterly execution. It was good to see the unveiling of the IDM 2.0 strategy back in March. It was also good to get the 7-nanometer update and continued execution on getting that ramped in 2023. But that’s just a point milestone, right? So in order to sustain your technology and performance leadership with the IDM 2.0 strategy, it’s going to require the means to maintain a cadence on both intranode optimization, but also more importantly to maintain a cadence of continued node strength to 5-nanometer and then ultimately to 3-nanometer. I think the Intel team had previously articulated node migrations kind of every two, two and a half years. Pat, I think you said, a yearly cadence back in March, but I assume that that was internode optimization. But on the move to 7 to 5, can we expect the team to ramp 5-nanometers two, two and a half years after your 7-nanometer ramp and then 3-nanometer ramp two, two and a half years after 5?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Hey. Thank you for the question, Harlan. And overall as I said on the call, we are seeing very good progress on the 7-nanometer team. They are executing now. We are very confident with the changes that we made on that and the move to really embrace EUV and since we have done that we have just seen superb execution. And as I said in the unleashed event, we expect to move to a yearly cadence or better for our process technology, and we are going to be laying that path out very clearly. We are excited about our team’s ability to get us back to process parity and ultimately to sustained leadership yet again. And I am very happy with the team and some of the investments we are making. The hiring of Sanjay Natarajan that we talked about, the team is getting fired up to execute on that. We also see, this is just one piece of our technology leadership strategy and as we have seen in the IDM 2.0 strategy, it’s about packaging. It’s about the process. It’s about the full set of IP that we are bringing to the table and at-scale manufacturing and I will say some of the early enthusiasm that we have seen from some of the foundry customer pipeline is really bringing together our packaging technology with the full IDM 2.0 strategy. So, overall, getting back to the heart of your question, exactly. We are going to increase the cadence of our process technology innovations. We are seeing very positive signs since we made this change and we are on track to parity and again sustained leadership out in the future. Our team is firing on all cylinders and I am excited about what we are seeing as we monitor those milestones very rigorously going forward. This team is on fire and we are executing.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Tony Balow: Operator, next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore. You may begin.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Thank you for taking the question. I guess a follow-on question Pat to your foundry strategy or IDM 2.0 strategy. I get the vision of gaining scale by investing for yourselves at the leading edge and then backfilling fully depreciated capacity in the 22-nanometer and 10-nanometer nodes over time and the benefit to you guys. But what’s the benefit of opening up the business at the leading edge to foundry customers and how are you going to cajole folks to redesign to your design, and will you have to subsidize them or will that be a subsidy that comes from the U.S. Government? I would love to hear your thoughts there. Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Overall, let’s just paint the picture a little bit more broadly, C.J. and thanks for the question. On the IDM 2.0 strategy, we are all about making leading edge capacity available for our foundry customers. And the world needs more leading edge capacity and there’s very few companies that can supply it around the world. So we are seeing a lot of enthusiasm for that. It’s going to cause us to build and expand our capacity more aggressively. And as you suggest, it also means we have a better monetization on the longer life cycle of the foundry business and we are planning on getting to foundry kind of margins with that investment. Now, as we have already begun engaging with customers, we have seen enthusiasm, right? We have seen enthusiasm that they get to design on our leading process technology and they have more choices for where that might be coming from. We are also seeing enthusiasm for this idea that they can bring some of their IP and bring our IP to the table, and in particular some of the cloud customers have been very excited about that ability to say, hey, I can take some of my cool ideas and be better optimized and including things like x86 Cores to have a more optimized solution for their market requirements. This is compelling for them. And then we combine that with all the other strengths that we have talked about such as at-scale manufacturing and in a supply constrained environment like we are in right now, boy, that’s bringing enthusiasm from customers. Also, we get to do that with all of the other assets that we have with packaging, our software technology. We think this is a strategy that will be very powerful for the industry and we have seen that response from early customers, the EDA tool chains, the IP suppliers. This is really hit the right time in the industry. And we are seeing the international aspects as well as the government aspect saying, yeah, we need a more geographically disbursed resilient supply chain for something that’s critical to the future of humanity and semiconductor technology. This is the right strategy for the right time and we are seeing great response from it.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Tony Balow: Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you can talk about the data center group numbers. I guess both the 20% year-on-year decline in cloud and the 14% decline in platform average selling price. How much of that is just this kind of lingering cloud digestion and what’s your visibility to that resuming and is there any competitive aspect you think to the weakness there?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. I will start on that one and ask George to jump in a little bit. Overall, as George said in his comments, Q1 was a little bit better than we expected for DCG in terms of revenue and we see it improving as we go through the year. So we saw this at the bottom. A lot of that was driven exactly as you asked in the question by cloud digestion. We had an extraordinary last year. But now customers are almost through the digestion of that and we are starting to see signs that they want to start the next build phase in their cloud. But we also saw some just great successes with the enterprise business starting to pick up, some of the networking business wins were very strong for our 5G area. So, overall, we believe we are on a path back to growth. I’d also emphasize that the Ice Lake launch superb, right? This product major gains in generation-to-generation improvement and absolute areas of differentiation like the AI performance. And as we said, this is AI-infused now into the 100 million plus Xeon sockets as we are bringing AI into every one of them. This is a powerful new capability and getting great response from our customers overall. So we feel very good about the path that we are on. And our overall outlook for the year is that we are going to continue to see that momentum build as we go through the year and expect to see the business response, the competitive position, the customers getting on Board. It’s an exciting time for our data center business. George, anything you would add?
George Davis: Yeah. I would say, really if you think about the impact year-over-year in the first quarter, more than half of it was just the fact that we are comparing the bottom -- what we now believe to be the bottom of the digestion phase with a very, very strong Q1. The other piece is our investment is going up in this space. This is clearly, we are -- as we made progress on 7-nanometer, you are starting to see 7-nanometer costs reflected that weren’t there year-over-year. That’s a good thing. That gets much better over time. Also, almost on the same scale, we have increased OpEx to drive the Xeon roadmap even harder in line with some of the things that Pat was talking about. And then finally, you also have -- this is a start-up of the 10-nanometer generation for server and so you are starting to see the initial cost impacts on that. We are already seeing very strong 10-nanometer cost improvements in the client side of the business. Some of that is obviously helping DCG today, but it’s going to -- they have got some work still to go through as they start to ramp their mix from 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer.
Joe Moore: Great. And just to make sure, the 14% decline in platform ASP, was that more mix related towards comms or was there something, as well as any decline like-for-like?
George Davis: It was -- you have got a lot higher relative mix of SoCs and whatnot in there. When you are down on revenue, all those mix comparisons get tougher and you are down on the strongest margin mix area.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein. You may begin.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to ask that question a little bit more explicitly. So if more than half, about half or whatever of the ASP decline year-over-year, the 14% in data center was due to SoC mix and product mix, what was the other half coming from? How much of that is direct ASP decline and what should we expect on that front as we go into the second half? And how does that tie into the implied gross margin guidance in the second half, which is for the company which is down something like 250 bps second half versus first half?
George Davis: Yeah. So I think let me just clarify, Stacy. So the lower revenue includes the ASP and volume effect compared to what we were seeing in the first quarter of last year. So that’s what was over half of it. I would say the remaining was split between the factory start-up costs that I talked about, higher OpEx, since we are talking about operating margin, and then just the unit cost impact of ramping 10-nanometer relative to what they saw year-over-year. And when we think about the second half of the year on the overall margin, we think you are seeing -- going to see some margin impacts actually from the supply situation impacting the mix and the volume that we are going to see out of client. Again, the 7-nanometer start-up costs ramp throughout the year. So that’s probably the next biggest factor and then a little bit offset by the fact that we are going to see server start to recover.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And overall, Stacy, I’d just add it’s about building leadership products. Ice Lake is a great product and we are seeing a strong ramp for it. As the products get better, ASPs will get better and then we are going to be very aggressive in terms of market share in this area. So we feel like we are now very much on the front foot again in this business and we are starting to see the market respond that way. And with some of the things that we have talked about with Ice Lake in particular and our Sapphire Rapids program following up, we are on a good competitive dynamic and we are leaning into this area of our business and we are seeing great response from our customers.
Stacy Rasgon: Can you define what you mean aggressive on market share?
Pat Gelsinger: Exactly that. Aggressive on market share, we are going to fight for every socket in the market. This is an area that is core to our business. We are going to be aggressive. We have just delivered a great new product for it. We are going to be using our system design, our validation, our software assets, our customer relationships, our supply chain, everything that we can to bring value to our customers. They are looking for us, building on that 100 million install base of servers that we have now. This is a great business and one that we are going to be very aggressive in bringing the best things to our customers. And I’d also say, Stacy that, as you think about this business, this is an area that with our cloud partners, our IDM 2.0 strategy is powerful. Now we are saying to them not only are we going to be building better and better products for you in this area. But we are also going to be co-designing, co-innovating and bringing new capabilities for them to optimize solutions for their markets as well. Yes, we are going to be aggressive in the data center and cloud business going forward. 
Operator: And John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Data center…
Operator: Your line is open, John.
John Pitzer: Can you guys hear me?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thank you, John.
George Davis: We can hear you now, John.
John Pitzer: Sorry, about that. Pat, just sticking on the theme of data center and the cloud business, can you help us understand why you are comfortable that this is digestion and not something more like cloud guys going to more internal solutions or solutions away from Intel? And I sort of ask the question because cloud was down about 15% year-over-year in Q4. It’s down about 30% in Q1. I know you have another hard compare year-over-year on Q2, but what gives you confidence that this is digestion and not something more and I know in George’s prepared comments, he said all of data center would be up sequentially in June. Do you expect that for the cloud portion as well?
Pat Gelsinger: So, at the highest level, I will just say, we work intimately with these customers, right? Our people are in their environments, we are working supply chains, we are building forecasts with them, we know what their inventory levels are. These are very intimate relationships. So I’d just say at that level, we are confident when we speak that what they are doing and what we are going to see in the future and how they are digesting and deploying the products that we delivered to them last year are now ramping in and becoming instances they are selling and services they are selling as well. I will say because of that intimate relationship that we have. We are quite confident in those comments. Like we said, as we see the sequential growth, we expect that across the business. We see that at networking, we see that at enterprise and government and we see that at cloud as well. We do see some of the elements that we talked about with respect to some of them exploring some of their own design work, and I will just say with that, we are very close to that. Those are fairly modest overall in terms of their volume so far. And as I mentioned in the last question, this is an area that the IDM 2.0 strategy, the Intel Foundry Services is powerful and the response that we have seen from those customers saying, wow, now we can co-innovate without doing all the work of creating a new architectural point in the cloud environment, this is powerful and something that we think is uniquely going to help us to navigate them to an answer that is much more favorable for them as well as for us and we are off to a great start.
George Davis: Hey. Hey, John, one thing I would add, we are going to see growth in all three of the major areas in data center, but the standout grower in Q2 is going to be cloud.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. You may begin.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yeah. Thank you. Pat and George, I just wanted to come back to the IDM 2.0 strategy. George, you mentioned that clamping down on buyback, which makes sense, so somewhat capital allocation, excuse me. But how should investors be thinking about the impact to P&L as you go through implementing IDM 2.0? And kind of related to that is free cash flow impact as you go through an elevated level of capital spend and what really are the milestones that investors should be looking for?
George Davis: Yeah and thanks for the question. We are clearly going to cover a lot of those details at our Analyst Day, which will be much more forward-looking. And as you know, the investment cycles are for foundry are long. Not only does it take time to qualify customers, also capacity additions take a certain period of time. What we are doing to be nimble is, investing aggressively in the build-out of shelf, which will give us -- and Arizona is a very good example of that where, first off, we have been chasing demand for certainly since I have been here and for a number of years. And the idea being we have got to have more optionality to respond to the market both for foundry and also for our core market which we cannot fulfill today.  And so, what you will see from us is really building in that optionality. So you would expect capital to be up somewhat reflecting that. That will have some impact on free cash flow. But we also -- we have a good growth forecast and which helps obviously with growth of cash from operations. And so, overall, I think, the investment cycle for this will be logical as we lay it out. The types of returns you can get will be an investment phase for sure for the next two years to three years. But then you start to see customer demand starting to balance out the investment.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I’d just add to that from some of the things building on the unleashed announcement in March, right? Yeah, this is a good market, $100 billion foundry market, a huge emphasis in that for leading-edge capacity which we are uniquely suited to give. And I’d say competitors aren’t able to catch up with demand in this area and factories take a long time to build. And we are clearly, as George has laid out, this is something that the optionality helps our existing business, as well as our foundry business.  Finally, the characteristics of the foundry business for somebody like us, it’s a good business. Not only is it large, but it has good margin characteristics and we expect that we are going to be able to produce good returns over the long-term. And as we think about this, again, we go back. The world needs more semiconductor capacity. It wants a more balanced supply chain. We are seeing industry say that, we are seeing governments say that and we are uniquely positioned to fulfill that.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. You may begin.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the roadmap for gross margin both kind of near and longer term. On the near-term, your implied gross margin in the back half are about 55% plus minus. Is this the trough and is this kind of the starting point for calendar 2022 that we should keep in mind as we start to invest more in 7-nanometer? And then longer term, when I look at your CapEx now, it’s about 25%, 27% of sales, much higher than depreciation. So what is the additional pressure as those things converge? And when I look at the foundry business that you are talking about, the best foundry in the world makes 50% gross margin. So how should we think about gross margin both near-term and the longer term? Thank you.
George Davis: Yeah. First off, we are probably not going to be able to forecast 2022 and beyond on this call. We will certainly give you an idea of what margins will look like over time at Analyst Day. But for the remainder of the year, as I talked about, the first half, second half dynamics are really, we are in a supply constrained environment and client and it’s constrained in a way that exposes us to more small core than we would -- than our higher ASP and higher margin products. The other piece is the 7-nanometer start-up, which I talked about, which is a good factor. This is really the showing the readiness of both the process and products to move forward on 7-nanometer. We will get some help because we will see strong recovery from server. Some of that is muted a little bit, because there -- this is really where they are ramping the 10-nanometer off of 14, which was a very mature node and so it won’t be quite as rich as we would expect. But I feel good about where we can drive margins over the long run. You are not going to see material impacts this year from the IFS activities. Obviously, we will be making some investments. But those investments are for the next year or two really are critical just to meet -- most of that investment is critical just to meet the increasing demand that we see on client.
Vivek Arya: And when do depreciation and CapEx converge, George?
George Davis: We will -- it will depend really on what the multiyear capital picture looks like. So we will have to wait and discuss that when we are ready to give a multiyear picture.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. I’d just say, this is a pivotal year.
George Davis: Yeah.
Pat Gelsinger: Right. I mean, this is where we are building out the IDM 2.0 strategy, we are getting our product roadmap back in shape. Leadership products produce leadership margins and as we see as we go through the year, we have opportunities for supply, right? As we drive revenues, if we are overachieving, and as George said in his prepared remarks, if we overachieve on supply, we will see revenue, we will see gross margin improvements and leadership products as we are committing to on our roadmap over time, we will get us back to leadership margins.  So, overall, this is pivotal and we are well underway, right, in making that turn to have I will say Intel is back, right, with the kind of products, right, the kind of growth that you would expect to want to see from us.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. You may begin.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. George, I had a two-part question. I guess the first thing is the $500 million in prepayments that was corporate related, where was that reported from a segment perspective or was it sort of like sprinkled throughout all the segments? And I guess the second part is, just on CapEx, I know you had talked before about some CapEx had pushed from last year into this year. I think it was $1.5 billion or something like that. So I am sort of wondering what the right sort of new normal is as you trajectory into next year. Is it -- is like $20 billion the right number or is it a little bit less than $20 billion? Thanks.
George Davis: Yeah. First off, the $500 million was not spread. It was in other revenue. So all in one place. On -- in terms of the CapEx, yes, we had basically eight weeks or more of capital push out just because of the pandemic. It really affected the construction activities. And as you know, it continues to be challenging. But that was probably the biggest factor that we saw last year. So maybe $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion you could argue is really just catching up with where we were behind from last year and so you could add both that to our free cash flow estimates for the year and also you could bring down the CapEx requirements for this year. So I think the $20 billion for this year is a good number and we will talk more about next year later.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks, George.
George Davis: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu from New Street. You may begin.
Pierre Ferragu: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Pat, I’d like to come back to what you said about your foundry initiative and there are really two ways I look at it. One is bringing a foundry service where your clients can integrate what they want to design with Intel’s IP? And one is more like being like the mainstream general foundry to compete more directly with existing players like Samsung and TSMC? And so what -- and I think these two are very different in nature. And what I was wondering is in the conversations that you have had so far, what would you say the conversations were most in terms on the first one versus the second one? And then in your own mind, if you think about Intel in the long run, how do you see the balance between these two ways to -- of being a foundry in your business mix?
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Hey. Thanks for the question, Pierre. I think it’s a good question. And to some degree, I’d say, we don’t know, right? We are in this phase where we are beginning to engage with customers. We have a good pipeline of customers that fit in both of those buckets, right? Definitely some of the cloud customers particularly interested in where they can comingle or create I will say hybrid design some of their IP with some of our IP. And then we have a very rich pipeline of customers really across pretty much every segment of the industry, communications providers, auto makers, et cetera, that would fit into the second bucket where it’s much more about them using us as a world-class foundry for all of their designs. I will say, we view this as a very, I will say, right, broad set of customers that we are aiming at with a broad set of IP. And as we get IP for the Risk 5, the ARM ecosystem and the x86 ecosystem, our value proposition to customers is across that spectrum where they don’t need to decide ours versus theirs. They get to design with that full spectrum. The other thing I would say, Pierre, is, we are also seeing extreme interest in our packaging technologies. And here it might be a tile from Samsung or TSMC being combined with a tile from Intel, right? And those might be on older process technologies, newer process technologies, and taking advantage of our world-class packaging and assembly test technologies. So we really see that full spectrum coming to bear and it really is that combination of world-class foundry, world-class IP, world-class assembly package and test that we think gives us a unique proposition in the industry, and so far, the enthusiasm is very high for that offering. G And Pierre, I would add as you talked about the two different alternatives, one of the things to remember is that if you look at our internal roadmap, people are used to seeing a highly differentiated and very specific to Intel set of IP capabilities. We have said over time that, it’s very clear that we are going to be adopting more and more of the industry ecosystem IPs and libraries, because it makes sense to do it. And it makes sense in terms of cycle time, in terms of taking advantage of capabilities that already exist out there. So we are closing -- we are not going to -- when we intercept on some of these nodes, we are not going to be as far away, I think, as people might think, in terms of being able to demonstrate a lot of knowledge around many of the IP blocks that our customers depend on today.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Let me just add to that. I think it’s a great point, George, because, every IP that I generate from the industry increases the IP available to my internal design teams. Every piece of IP I develop internally is going to be made available to the industry, right, for their use as well. This becomes a powerful reinforcing siren cycle, right? Also we are being benchmarked against the industry for our process technology as we move to industry standard PBKs, right? We are seeing strong embrace from the EDA suppliers. So we see all of this as it makes our process better, it makes our product better, it increases our efficiency and takes our clock rate of innovation up with the industry. It’s a powerful strategy.
Pierre Ferragu: Makes sense. Thanks, George and Pat.
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup. You may begin.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. I always thought I was Jewish. I guess I am Italian now.
Pat Gelsinger: Now you can be Catholic.
Chris Danely: So it seems like we are in the middle of this never ending fuselage of ARM products out there both from a merchant and a captive perspective. So, Pat, I’d just appreciate your thoughts on, I guess, where you see things shaking out on an x86 versus ARM both in the PC and the data center space. And would you guys ever consider maybe licensing the x86 technology to some of your hyperscale customers and having them design their own products with the foundry?
Pat Gelsinger: The simple answer to the last part of the question is, yes. That’s what we just announced, right? X86 cores will be available on our foundry services and available for people to design with them. So that will include the cloud service providers to take advantage of that. So the simple answer is, yes. And we do believe that the ability for our customers to take advantage of x86 this way will be a meaningful shift in how people think about ARM versus x86. Because part of it was we weren’t giving them the flexibility to design to comingle IP as I have described it. So they really -- they were trying to do unique design work. They didn’t have a good x86 choice. We gave them our standard products which have lots of capabilities but particularly for the cloud guy and say, boy, I don’t use those particular features. I really could optimize with the few of these other things in the network and the memory hierarchy and now we are saying absolutely come on in and we are opening the doors of our IP, the doors of our leading process and packaging technologies, to be able to say let’s do this together or let them do their own designs in our foundry as well. It’s a very powerful strategy that I think will be a meaningful shift in the exact question that you asked. Overall, we do think that making the x86 available this way is powerful. There are trillion lines of code that have been optimized for the x86. This is a powerful ecosystem that continues to have very great innovation and capabilities associated with it. And we are enhancing that with new capabilities like AI being integrated into the core instruction set of the new products as you saw with Ice Lake. These are powerful differentiators. We are continuing to innovate and the ecosystem is excited about what we are doing in our standard products, as well as what we are making available through IDM 2.0.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. You may begin.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, guys. Pat, I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the data center in terms of architecture and I think on the strategy event, I asked a similar one and maybe we can dig into it a little bit more here. I know you guys just launched Ice Lake and a lot of new features and capabilities as you lay out, but it is a platform transition from Cascade Lake and then another platform transition on to Sapphire. And I just wonder, first, what’s been the feedback from Ice Lake as you guys have sampled it and now launched it in terms of platform compatibility issues that customers might be facing? And I guess, the second part of the question is, what has been the feedback from customers that you have sampled Sapphire Rapids to particularly around the change from a single die to a tile architecture and what that does to the memory system? Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. I think we could spend an hour on that question. So let me try to be quick here for it. The response from Ice Lake has been very strong. Early ramp is very strong, obviously, with the platform change, that does put a bit more work on the part of the customers, but we have been working through that with them, good response to that as well. And as your question suggests, I mean, clearly, it would be better if we weren’t bringing a new platform transition with Sapphire Rapids as well. But there are so many good things in that platform that the customers are excited about, new PCI, new DVR, and probably, most seminally is the new CXL launch, right, as part of that. And I will tell you opening up, right, that additional interface on the platform has gotten tremendous support from the industry, new capabilities, co-processor capabilities, memory pooling capabilities, really has been maybe the most exciting new platform capability since the PCI gen when we introduced that quite a number of years ago. So a lot of excitement about that and particularly for cloud customers who have -- I have seen their memory portion of their TCO cost rise quite rapidly. There’s a lot of enthusiasm in that area of the platform.  So I’d say, overall, yeah, we would have probably liked to have less platform transitions in this. But so far the response from customers is they are going through those transitions with us, they are seeing value in those transitions. And particularly as I say as we look out to the Sapphire Rapids generation, there’s a lot of value there with some of the major, major enhancements that are part of that. Obviously as we look further out in time, having more platform stability in the architecture, I think, is something that we are striving for. But I think as we lay out the 2023, 2024, 2025 roadmap direction to the industry, you will start to see that theme much more seminally, right, centered in the roadmap. Also I think as we get all aspects of our core leadership, our vector AI leadership, process leadership, all of those start to come into play. I think we will see a very nice view of how that platform architecture lays out over time.
Matt Ramsay: Great. Thank you.
Tony Balow: Pat, do you have any closing thoughts for the call?
Pat Gelsinger: Well, hey, first, I just want to again say thank you to everybody for joining my first call back as the CEO of VMware. One opportunity -- one last opportunity to say Intel is back. We are firing on all cylinders. Our best days are ahead of us. We are investing for the future, we are executing and we are just getting started. Look forward to our next quarterly call with you.
Tony Balow: Thanks, Pat. Thank you all for joining today. Operator, could you please close the call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference. At this time, all participant lines are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After the presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Mr. Trey Campbell, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our Chairman of the Board, Omar Ishrak; our incoming CEO, Pat Gelsinger; our current CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, you'll hear brief remarks followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. Given our CEO transition, I want to clarify two points ahead of remarks and Q&A. One, we will be providing Q1 2021 guidance on this call, but will provide full-year guidance for 2021 at a later date, no later than our next earnings call in April. Second, we'll be providing more commentary on our progress on 7-nanometer with specifics on our manufacturing plans for our 2023 products to follow after Pat joins us in mid-February. With that, let me hand it over to Omar.
Omar Ishrak: Thank you, Trey, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. As you've heard, Intel has been in the midst of a major transformation to strengthen our CPU franchise, while evolving into a multi-architecture XPU company. The business is well-positioned to capitalize on key technology inflections and extend our reach into fast-growing markets. Under Bob's leadership, Intel has made significant progress on this strategy and once again delivered record results in the past year, which Bob and George will detail shortly. But before that, I'd like to share a few words about the CEO transition we announced last week. This decision came after very careful consideration and planning by the Board and in partnership with Bob. Pat Gelsinger will rejoin Intel on February the 15th as our new CEO and a member of our Board. Bob will remain in his role until then and will work with Pat to ensure a seamless transition. On behalf of the entire Intel team and Board of Directors, I'd like to thank Bob for his leadership and significant contributions through this period of transformation for Intel. The company faced challenging issues when Bob took over and he has been a fantastic leader. Bob clarified Intel's growth strategy, reenergized its culture, and made significant progress in improving execution. He leaves Intel in a strong strategic and financial position and we deeply appreciate his ongoing guidance during this transition. Last week, Bob and I introduced Pat to Intel employees around the world who gave him a very warm welcome. We believe this is the right time to make this change and we are confident Pat is the right person to lead Intel forward. In addition to deep technology expertise and unique insights of Intel's technology evolution based on 30 years as a leader here, Pat brings a distinguished record of driving growth and performance and shareholder returns. He lives by our values-based cultural leadership approach and has a hyper focus on talent development and operational execution. In sum, the Board is confident that Pat, together with the rest of the leadership team and our incredible dedicated 110,000 employees around the world, will ensure strong execution of Intel's strategy, build on its record of product leadership, and capitalize on the significant opportunities ahead to create long-term shareholder value. While he does not step into the role for another few weeks, he has kindly agreed to join us today. So, you will get to hear some of his initial observations with more to come after he officially takes over on February the 15th. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Pat for a few words.
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, Omar, for the kind introduction. It's a pleasure to be here with you all today. I am thrilled and humbled to be coming home to my dream job as Intel's CEO. I was only 18 when I first joined Intel and I am proud to say I spent the following 30 years learning from such industry giants as Grove, Moore, and Noyce. My experience at Intel has shaped my entire career and I am forever grateful for the opportunity to now lead this great company. I have tremendous regard for Intel's rich history of innovation and the world-changing technologies invented here that now power the world's digital foundation. I can't wait to help lead this great technology innovator during a critical time of change and disruption. I know you're all very anxious to hear more from me on our long-term plans and I'll be sharing my detailed perspective after I assume my new role mid-February. That said, I do want to provide my view specifically on 7-nanometer progress. I've had the opportunity to personally examine progress on Intel's 7-nanometer technology over the last week. Based on initial reviews, I am pleased with the progress made on the health and recovery of the 7-nanometer program. I am confident that the majority of our 2023 products will be manufactured internally. At the same time, given the breadth of our portfolio, it's likely that we will expand our use of external foundries for certain technologies and products. We will provide more details on this and our 2023 roadmap once I fully assess the analysis that has been done and the best path forward. Bob and George will walk you through the financials and provide guidance for the first quarter shortly. We are holding off on providing guidance for the full-year until I join, but we will do so in a timely fashion no later than on our next earnings call in April. Looking ahead, the world is becoming more digitally connected, expanding the market in front of us. Intel is the only semiconductor company in the world that has the depth of intelligent silicon, platform vision, design and manufacturing capabilities, and scale that our customers need to fuel their next-generation innovations. There is enormous opportunity ahead for Intel. But to be able to seize these opportunities, we have to deliver the best products and stay ahead of our customers' needs. We need to become more agile in a very competitive market. We need to execute flawlessly and deliver on our commitments. We need to passionately innovate with boldness and speed. Intel culture and values must be healthy and vibrant assuring our ability to attract and retain the best engineering talent in the world. I look forward to working with the incredibly talented global Intel team and industry partners to continue delivering the best technologies for our customers around the world. I also look forward to engaging with you, our shareholders, in the coming months to hear your perspectives and discuss our vision and strategy for Intel. We will position this company for sustained growth and leadership for our industry, our country and an increasingly digital world. I also want to extend my deepest respect and appreciation to Bob for his leadership and significant contributions to Intel through this critical period. I'm just starting to dive into the business, but already I'm confident that the strong foundation and progress achieved under his leadership put us on the right track to build on Intel's great history and to create value for our customers and shareholders in the years to come. Thanks, again. Bob, over to you.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Pat, and welcome back to Intel. It has been an honor to lead this incredible company and its talented team. It gives me great confidence in Intel's future knowing that I'll be passing the baton to Pat, whose technology expertise, industry knowledge, execution track record, and commitment to our company is indisputable. Over the last two years, we made significant progress on our strategy to transform Intel into a multi-architecture XPU company to move from silicon to solutions and to contemporize our IDM model. I am proud of what we're able to achieve together as an Intel team in a relatively short period of time and echo Omar's words that Intel is in a strong strategic and financial position as we make this transition. As demonstrated by the results we announced today, demand for Intel's innovative technologies remains very strong and our investments to capitalize on future growth opportunities are paying off. Our Q4 results significantly exceeded our expectations capping off our fifth consecutive year of record revenue. We generated $20 billion in revenue and $1.52 in EPS, exceeding our guidance by $2.6 billion and $0.42, respectively. For the full year, we delivered $77.9 billion in revenue, up 8% and $5.30 in EPS, up 9%. The client, data center, memory, and Mobileye businesses each set all-time revenue records. In Q4, we continued to advance our three strategic priorities; improving our execution to strengthen our core business, extending our reach to accelerate growth and redefine our position in the industry, and continuing to thoughtfully deploy capital to create value for our shareholders. Let me briefly discuss some of the highlights. Starting with improving our execution to strengthen our core business, let me start with an update on process technology and our product roadmap. Over the last few years, we've been following the IDM model to ensure we can deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products, preserve our IDM advantage, continue to invest in process technology leadership, and generate attractive returns on capital. This evolution includes a disaggregated design strategy, adoption of standard industry processes and common tools, flows, and methods, and deeper engagement with the industry ecosystem. In July, we highlighted a challenge with our 7-nanometer technology and started a process to improve it while evaluating the best approach for our 2023 product lineup. Since that time, we have made tremendous progress on our 7-nanometer technology. When 7-nanometer was originally defined, the flow contained a particular sequence of steps that contributed to the defect issue we discussed in July. By re-architecting these steps, we've been able to resolve the defects. As part of this work over the last six months, we also streamlined and simplified our 7-nanometer process architecture to better ensure we'll be able to deliver on our 2023 product roadmap. The inline data we have been collecting and our pipeline of proven yield development projects gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our commitments going forward. At the same time, as Pat mentioned, we will continue to leverage the relationships we've developed over the years with our external foundry partners and believe they can play a larger role in our product roadmap given our disaggregated designs. Once Pat has had a chance to join, he'll further assess our analysis and drive the final manufacturing decision for our 2023 CPU products. Therefore, we'll communicate that decision soon after he takes over, but not today. Turning to products, we've qualified several new products in the fourth quarter and we have an incredibly exciting lineup of CPUs for 2021 and 2022. Just a couple of weeks ago at CES, we introduced more than 50 processors resulting in more than 500 new designs for laptops and desktops coming to market in 2021. We are also seeing tremendous market response for PCs based on our new 11th Gen Intel Core Tiger Lake Processors. Our PC customers now have more than 150 Tiger Lake based systems in the market, well ahead of expectations. We believe we gained market share as PC CPU units grew an impressive 33% in the quarter. In a market where competitors are seeing supply challenges, this is a powerful example of the incredible value and scale of our factory network as we continue to deliver greater performance and cost efficiencies for our customers. Moving to data center, we are now shipping our first 10-nanometer based Xeon Scalable CPU Ice Lake and will be ramping volume through the first quarter. Customers are going to see significant value in Ice Lake across cloud, network, and edge workloads with excellent performance improvement and innovations such as PCIe Express Gen 4, next generation Intel Optane Persistent Memory and security enhancements such as SGX. As we look ahead, we are excited about the capabilities we are bringing to customers with Alder Lake for mobile and desktop PCs and Sapphire Rapids for the data center. These products take advantage of our Enhanced SuperFin process technology and numerous architectural improvements and both are broadly sampling to customers. We will qualify Alder Lake desktop and notebook for production and begin our volume ramp in the second half of 2021 and we expect production qualification of Sapphire Rapids at the end of 2021. In the expanded market opportunity in front of us, CPUs are critical, but multiple architectures or XPUs will be required to help customers optimize for specific workloads. We had a big XPU leap in the fourth quarter as we entered the discrete graphics market with Intel Iris Xe MAX graphics, Intel's first Xe-based discrete GPU. We are now shipping discrete graphics into thin and light notebooks from Acer, Asus, and Dell and we introduced our first discrete GPU for the data center, which is already delivering great cloud gaming experiences for customers such as Tencent. We also announced the gold release of oneAPI, our cross-industry open standards-based unified programming model that delivers a common developer experience across architectures. Second, we've made strong progress extending our reach to accelerate our growth. Over the past several years, we have been making investments that have positioned us to lead key technology inflections such as AI, 5G network transformation, and the intelligent autonomous edge. We infuse AI capabilities into everything we make from the cloud to PCs and we see tremendous growth prospects as we build our position in data center training to complement the strength of our Intel Xeon for inference. We made a significant step in AI this quarter when Amazon announced EC2 instances that will leverage up to eight of our Habana Gaudi AI training accelerators and deliver up to 40% better price performance than current GPU-based EC2 instances for machine learning workloads. We've also invested to drive networking workload convergence on Intel silicon. In 2020, we expanded our footprint into the Radio Access Network delivering Xeon SoCs, FPGAs, and custom solutions for 5G base station designs and reaching our goal of 40% share, two years ahead of our original target. Today, we are the leading network silicon provider winning in wireless, enterprise, and cloud networks and delivering $6 billion in revenue this year, up approximately 20% versus 2019. Finally, we have enviable assets to lead the explosive growth of intelligent and autonomous edge computing. Our IOTG and Mobileye businesses have a combined annual revenue of $4 billion. Mobileye delivered a record fourth quarter and had an explosive start to 2021 with a number of exciting CES announcements. Third, we've maintained our discipline in thoughtfully allocating our shareholders' capital. Since 2015, we have grown revenue by more than $22 billion and more than doubled EPS. We've driven spending from 36% of revenue to 25% of revenue, while investing in manufacturing capacity expansion, adding more than $1 billion of R&D targeted to higher growth initiatives, and focusing our product portfolio. As a result, we anticipate approximately $12 billion in proceeds from our NAND and McAfee exits over time. At the same time, we've been delivering substantial capital returns to shareholders, including $19.8 billion in 2020 alone through dividends and share buybacks, the latter of which included a $10 billion accelerated share repurchase announced in August. Building on this, today, we announced that we are increasing our annual dividend by $0.07 or 5% from $1.32 to $1.39 per share. Before I pass it to George for more details on our fourth quarter results, I want to reiterate that I couldn't be more proud of the team at Intel and I cherish the time I've spent here. I look forward to watching Pat and the team's continued progress as they build on Intel's purpose to deliver breakthrough technology that enriches the lives of everyone on the planet. I also thank our investors and analysts on the line today for their continued support of Intel and for our valued engagements over the years.
George Davis: Thanks Bob and good afternoon everyone. Q4 marked a much stronger than expected finish to a record year. Both Mobileye and our PC-centric segment achieved record quarters. Q4 revenue was $20 billion, exceeding our guidance by $2.6 billion. The revenue beat was broad based led by stronger than expected notebook and cloud demand along with contributions from desktop and enterprise and government. Data center related demand also led to stronger revenues in NAND. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.4%, exceeding guide by three points due to flow through on higher revenue and the benefit of Ice Lake server achieving production qualification prior to year end. Q4 EPS was $1.52, $0.42 above our guide due to strong operational performance and further boosted by gains from our ICAP portfolio. Excluding a one-time tax adjustment, about two-thirds of our EPS beat was operational and one-third was below the line. For full year 2020, we achieved record revenue of $77.9 billion, $4.4 billion higher than our January guide, which reflects a one year acceleration relative to our 2019 Investor Day target. EPS was $5.30, up $0.43 year-over-year and $0.30 higher than our January guide. We generated $21.1 billion of free cash flow, up 25% year-on-year and returned 94% of free cash flow to shareholders. In total, we have repurchased approximately 17.6 billion shares as part of our planned $20 billion share repurchases announced in October 2019. We intend to complete the remaining $2.4 billion balance in Q1 2021. Moving briefly the segment performance, our data center group generated record revenue in 2020, up 11% year-over-year. In Q4, DCG delivered revenue of $6.1 billion, down 16% year-over-year driven by enterprise and government weakness and cloud digestion albeit lower than expected. As a reminder, Q4 2019 was a tough compare with an all-time record for revenue with strength across all segments. DCG operating margin in Q4 was down $1.4 billion year-on-year on lower revenue and increased investment. Our other data centric businesses were up 1% year-over-year in 2020. In Q4, these businesses were down 5% year-over-year, driven largely by COVID-related demand impacts, partially offset by Mobileye growth. IOTG revenue was down 16% year-over-year due to COVID effects on demand. We expect recovery in IOTG in 2021 and saw sequential growth of $100 million in the quarter on stabilizing industrial and video segments. Mobileye revenue was up 39% year-over-year in the quarter and operating margin was $110 million, both records as IQSoC demand continues to be strong. NSG revenue was $1.2 billion, down 1% year-on-year on lower ASPs, partially offset by higher volume growth. Operating margin was $76 million. PSG revenue was down 16% year-over-year due mostly to 5G ASIC transitions at key accounts in the communications segment. CCG delivered a fifth straight year of record revenue, up 8% year-over-year. For the quarter, revenue was up 9% year-over-year, driven by record notebook unit volume. ASPs were down 11% due to increased volume in consumer entry and education segments. Adjacency revenue was down 31% driven by modem ramp down and the divestiture of our home gateway business. Operating income was $4.5 billion, up $420 million year-over-year on higher volume, partially offset by the ramp of 10-nanometer products. Moving to our outlook, as Bob and Trey said, we believe it is important to give Pat time to assume his new role and dig into the business before announcing our full year 2021 guidance and longer term plans. However, I will provide our Q1 outlook and then for the year, discuss high-level headwinds and tailwinds we expect. As a reminder, our outlook for 2021 excludes the NAND business. We expect Q1 revenue of $17.5 billion, down 12% year-over-year or down 6% excluding NAND. We see continuing strong demand for notebook PCs in Q1, up significantly year-over-year and expect desktop volumes to be down year-over-year. We anticipate further cloud digestion and continued COVID demand impacts on IOTG. The Q1 revenue estimate also includes approximately $500 million in corporate revenue that is one-time in nature and relates to a prepaid revenue arrangement. As we look at the remainder of the year, we see solid TAM growth in our core markets in 2021. We expect PC demand to be more first-half weighted than normal seasonality and expect data centric demand to be more concentrated in the second half as cloud digestion eases and COVID impacted markets such as enterprise, data center, and IoT improve. We have strong product roadmaps, but have anticipated a more competitive market and the continued mix shift to entry consumer PCs in our revenue plans this year. Finally, we will see lower modem revenue this year from our exit of that business. Gross margin in Q1 is expected to be approximately 58%, down year-over-year by approximately four points on mix-related ASPs from lower Xeon XCC volume and higher small core PC units partially offset by lower margin impact from divested businesses and some improvements from our DCG adjacencies. Q1 operating margin is expected to be approximately 30%. We are forecasting EPS of approximately $1.10 per share and a tax rate of 14.5%. With that, let me turn it back over to Trey and get to your questions.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good evening. Thank you for taking the question. Bob, it's been a pleasure working with you, and Pat, congrats and best of luck. I guess first question is around the fact, clearly, a final decision hasn't been made yet, but it certainly sounds pretty clear that you are pursuing a dual path strategy of manufacturing at the leading edge both internally and externally. So, how should we think about the impact to CapEx? Will you need to make investments with your foundry partner to secure capacity and importing certain products to very different foundry design rules, what impact will that have on OpEx? And is that what is driving higher OpEx intensity in Q1? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes, thanks, C.J. Maybe I'll start, and George, you can finish up. First, yes, we've been through an exhaustive effort over the course of the last six months. And as we highlighted, we've made tremendous progress on our 7-nanometer process technology and that gives us a lot of comfort that the number one priority that we set in the middle of the year, which was a predictable cadence of leadership products that we would be able to deliver our 2023 roadmap using i7 or for our next-gen technology. So, the progress that the team has made has given us the confidence that we'll continue to leverage the IDM advantage and invest in technology development leadership in the future. At the same time, we also realize that with our disaggregated designs that we launched a few years back, that we have enhanced flexibility to see if when and what technologies or tiles we'll make inside, which will be the majority of our 2023 roadmap, but it gives us the flexibility to look at things outside. And the trade-offs that we make in doing that are one, performance of product in a predictable manner; two, economics; and three, ensuring that we have the capacity and the control of the supply chain, so that we can -- our customers can count on our deliveries. So, over the course in time preserving the IDM advantage while being more and more flexible on our architectures and our designs.
George Davis: Yes. And, C.J., in terms of spending, I would say, yes, we're increasing spending on 7-nanometer inside the company in preparation for the next-generation of tools. I wouldn't tie it explicitly in any way to the trade-off between manufacturing internally or externally. That's really going to be decided as Pat looks at the product roadmap. Most of our spending increase in the year compared to what we thought is tied to more spending on AI and on our Xeon roadmap, which pretty much was a redirection of the savings that we got from the divestitures.
Pat Gelsinger: And if I might, C.J., this is Pat, pleasure to join all of the investors on this call today. I just want to affirm, as I said in my formal statements, that I was very pleased to see the great progress on 7-nanometers and the TD team has really done a great job over the last six months. That gives me the confidence, as I said in my formal comments, that the majority will be internally, but we will be increasing the use of our foundry capabilities as well and we'll be more specific on this after I finally dig deeper with the team shortly after joining the company in the middle of next month. But overall, I think we're on a very good path now.
C.J. Muse: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I'll echo C.J. in thanking Bob for all his help and welcoming Pat to the team. I guess my question, Bob, probably just around gross margins. Clearly, you significantly upside the December quarter. I would have thought that going into March, given the divestiture of NAND and that being gross margin accretive that maybe you'd get some better leverage on gross margin. So, maybe you can address that. And I guess more importantly, from the March quarter, Bob or George, can you talk about how we should think about the puts and takes to the cost sides on gross margins as 10-nanometer begins to ramp?
George Davis: Hey, John, I'll take it. This is George. In Q1, what we're really seeing is again atypical seasonality. So, when you look at the fact that we're in a digestion phase and we're actually in the third quarter of it, that has a significant impact on mix that's affecting our ASPs. You're also seeing tremendous demand in PCs well above our expectations, obviously, contributing to the beat in Q4, continuing into Q1 and actually, we think continuing strongly into the first-half and that's largely small core type devices. So, we have an ASP effect there as well. We are seeing some higher 7-nanometer costs impacting the – our outlook for gross margin and we are getting the benefit from NAND as you talk about, and -- but we're also seeing more savings in 10-nanometer costs as we're making more progress there than we’ve – than actually we were even expecting. It's accelerating, so we're pleased with that. As you think about the full-year, I think trying to take a compare off of Q1 when we are impacted on ASPs both from DCG and from CCG makes for a difficult full-year extrapolation. We're going to come back to you with a full-year outlook and we can go more into it. But in terms of headwinds and tailwinds that we see as we go into the year, obviously, we're going to have higher 10-nanometer volume, which is going to impact gross margins overall. The client mix is going to continue to be heavily weighted, particularly in the first-half on small core. I think on data center, we think there will continue to be competitive pressures on ASPs, but I think DCG is really going to be more of a cost story with 10-nanometer coming in. Although we're much further along on the maturity of 10-nanometer, so it won't be as impactful as we saw with CCG last year. And then, of course, for DCG, you can expect the inclusion of Optane will have a little bit of impact on margin as well. So, the tailwinds still look very strong. Obviously, the ramp down on modem, our divestiture of the gateway business, the sale of NAND, and improvements in 10-nanometer are all tailwinds that should help us in gross margin, but we'll go into more detail on that when we guide the full-year.
Bob Swan: Yes. And I would -- I'd put maybe, John, just I think history here as a reasonably good indicator of the commentary that George provided for 2021. And if you go back a year, we said gross margins would be 59% for 2020 and we ended up at 57.5%. So, down 1.5 points. And if you look at the fundamental drivers of that 1.5 points versus what we thought at the beginning of the year,first, we generated $4 billion more revenue than we thought. So, volume was much higher. And then when you look at the makeup of that volume, it was -- in my mind, it was all good things that foreshadow important things for 2021 and beyond. First, the demand for our 10-nanometer products was much -- was higher -- greater than we expected and that was very positive in terms of income, but slight degradation in gross margin. Second, the PC demand that we experienced during the course of the year which relative to where we were at the beginning of the year was off the charts, including what we believe were share gains in the fourth quarter came predominantly with consumer entry and education. So, those two segments tend to be lower margin, but real strong demand and that was the gap that we didn't fill when we were capacity constrained last year. So, I think in terms of the mix of more 10-nanometer, much more PC demand at the lower ends, those were things that drove down less margin percent, but a lot more income than we expected a year ago. And those things as George mentioned going into 2021 are going to be -- you're going to have a much better mix because of the exit of modem and NAND, number one. Number two, 10-nanometer product cost, as George mentioned, is going to get much better during the course of the year. Number three, 14-nanometer is going to be more fully depreciated equipment. Those three things are very positive as we go into the year. At the same time, George flagged two issues, one of those mix dynamics of PC TAM we think is going to be relatively strong, but we do believe it's going to be at the lower-end. Education will be a big part of that demand that has lower margin and we renewed our commitment to 7-nanometer process technology and that, in fact, will have a degradation. So, in so many ways, we generated a lot more income and revenue in 2020 as the adoption of our better -- of our 10-nanometer products and lower end in consumer were very positive impacts for earnings and those trends you'll see as we go in the first quarter and throughout 2021.
John Pitzer: That's a great explanation. Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if we could drill down on the progress on 7-nanometer. If I look back at the comments from July, you had talked about having your first client product first half of 2023. Is that still the right -- I know, I don't want be too granular about timeframe, but it seems like early 2023 versus late 2023 would make a big difference. Are you still kind of on the track that you talked about in July for the first 7-nanometer output?
Bob Swan: Yes, I think at the time we said that in effect, given the process challenges we were dealing with the product roadmap, we expected to shift a couple quarters into 2023 and as normal client will likely go first and server will go after that. So, the expectation is in our focus in improving 7-nanometer so that we can hit that predictable cadence of leadership products in 2023, we have dramatically improved our confidence in our ability to hit that product roadmap schedule that we talked about at the time.
Joe Moore: That's very helpful. Thanks very much and congratulations and thanks for all your help the last few years.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations and best wishes to Bob and band. One of my questions is if you're saying Intel will get to 7-nanometer by 2023, the competitive foundry products will still be one node ahead. TSMC is planning to ramp their 3-nanometer node next year, right and will probably have a much bigger ramp by 2023. So, I'm curious what does Intel need to do to kind of match or leapfrog foundry capability because in the two or three years that you were trying to get to your 7-nanometer, competition several with ARM-based capabilities is still making progress. So, I'm just trying to think to what is kind of a conceptual state of competitive play when we get to 2023? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes, Vivek, two things and we've talked about this a bit over the last couple of years, but first, our belief on delivering leadership products over time is going to be dependent on a multitude of factors. Process technology is very important, packaging technologies becomes increasingly important in our mind, a multitude of architectures, CPU to XPU or including graphics and AI capabilities, memory, security and last but not least software and you'll remember that we talked about those as the six pillars of technology required to deliver product leadership where process is very important, but it's not the only thing. So, that's kind of the strategy we've been on for the last couple of years. But secondly, we're going to continue to invest in process technology. So, yes, some of the progress we made on 7-nanometers over the last couple of quarters is important for the next generation of process technology. So, as we leverage our six pillars of technology to deliver leadership product, we will also continue to invest in next generation process technology beyond 7-nanometer.
Pat Gelsinger: Let me just add a couple of points to that. This is Pat again. As we said, we believe the majority will be on our 7-nanometers, but we will be increasing the use of foundry capabilities in that timeframe as well. Overall, it is about building as Bob said, a competitive product that is leadership in the marketplace and that's what our intent is to do and as we broaden the use of our technologies across packaging, software, internal and external, we are confident that we can deliver a leadership product family in the marketplace across all of our major product categories. Additionally, I was also very pleased to see some of the long-term innovations coming out of TD right as we work to close any gaps with external foundries as well as leap ahead and clearly we're not interested in just closing gaps, we're interested in resuming that position of the unquestioned leader in process technology and that's our commitment. Also with the IDM model, we believe we have the right combination of being able to deliver supply to meet our customers' requirements by leveraging internal and external capabilities which our competition doesn't have and between all of these capabilities, we believe we are striking the right balance of internal and external to deliver an unquestioned leadership product in the marketplace that meets our customers' requirements for the long-term.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Bob, Pat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you very much, Bob. Thanks, I really enjoyed my interactions with you. I had a question for you, Pat and I don't believe everything I read in the press, but, and even if you did look at the opportunity earlier. I just wanted to get a feel from you, what really appealed to you when you looked at this opportunity versus your very successful stint at VMware and especially in light of the challenges Intel has had which we could argue, Bob inherited from before. So, can you just help us understand kind of what are the challenges and the opportunities that you saw, which got you to this role again and welcome back by the way.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, thank you very much and a few general comments would be, one is, this is a great company and one that I have just great history with as I said 30 years as part of this company, Grove, Moore, Noyce, these are the people that I grew up right at their feet of learning and to me, it really is a privilege and an honor to come back to this company, as I said, my dream job. Second, this is a national asset. This company needs to be healthy for the technology industry for technology in America and to me it's an opportunity to help and to unquestionably put Intel and the United States in a technology leadership position. So, I'm excited by that opportunity to do that. It was also very exciting to see the unity of the Board in calling me to the role and with that working closely with the Board and their enthusiasm to bring me into the company as well as the alignment on the look forward strategy that we're laying out and those together. And I say the timing wasn't necessarily, I was enjoying my time at VMware, but the opportunity to come back now, be a part of this great company and Intel has gone through cycles before and clearly, as I was here, economic cycles, we've had periods where we were ahead and periods where we were behind others. Personally, I was very involved in the period where we were very right diminished in the marketplace and late to the multi-core and in that period of time in 2005 through 2009, we turned around the company and unquestionably established the leadership position after a period where many were questioning the ability of the company to be successful yet again. Great companies are able to come back from periods of difficulty in challenge and they come back stronger, better, and more capable than ever and that I believe is the opportunity at Intel and I'm confident that this company has its best days in front of it and I am looking forward to the opportunity to be part of that.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thanks Pat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question and Pat, welcome to Intel, glad to see you here. I'm going to address the elephant in the room a little bit and Pat I understand your initial perspective on 7-nanometer from looking at it for a short period of time. But at the same time, which I've got to say is the company was telling us for a year that 7-nanometer was on track, that it looked great and then all of the sudden, it wasn't to the point of considering potentially massive strategic shifts. So, now I guess how can we as investors have confidence that after a brief look that you've given it at this point that things really are on track. What are you seeing that gives you that confidence and how should we think about the current process and I guess and how they feed into the risks potentially the future nodes since it sounds like you're sticking around on the total manufacturing, especially just given what we've seen at both 7-nanometers, but also 10-nanometers and 14-nanometers, the last several nodes where we've had problems, like how do we get that confidence?
Pat Gelsinger: Well, I would also say that Bob and the team have been working on this for the last six months diligently. So, even though my investigation was really just a few days, I'm looking at data that's been thoroughly analyzed, trends over the last six months that clearly is bringing them to a point of greater confidence for. I looked at that data, I came to the same decisions that they were. At the same time, we're pausing, right, to say that everything is resolved to give me a little bit more time with the team to understand the roadmap and to dig deeper into those decisions and like we said, we'll be giving more clarity on that in the near future after I've had time to analyze it more carefully. Also, the team has been making adjustments of leadership. Ann has been doing a great job as we moved her into that role. You'll be seeing we're making adjustments in the leadership of our product development teams as well where talent is going to come into the company. We're excited about the roadmap that we're on. You might have seen we just announced a new fellow coming back, one of my absolute favorites when I was here in Glenn Hinton coming back to the company and you'll be seeing other announcements of key leaders coming back in. So, I think the team has been doing a great job getting us to this point. I expect with the leadership, the roadmap, and a few more weeks of analysis, we'll be making very solid decisions that allow us to put the company on a path that is merited to the great foundation that Intel has had in the past.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Good luck.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Want to welcome back Pat to the team and Bob, thank you for all the contributions and support over the past few years. Underlying the strong performance of the data center group last year was the continued penetration of Xeon, ASICs, and networking connectivity solutions into your large 5G service provider customers as they continue to virtualize the core and radio access parts of their networks. I think this helped to drive the 50% growth in data center adjacencies last year. Your networking compute segment was $6 billion and up 20% as you mentioned. So, just given the continued build-out of 5G this year, does the team continue to see double-digit type of growth profile for the networking compute segment this year and compute networking has been a segment where Intel I think still owns a 100% share in the x86 server CPU market. Are you guys starting to see competition stepping it up in this fast-growing segment?
Bob Swan: Thanks for the question. You gave most of my answer in your inquisition. I mean, first is we've been saying for the last couple of years that we view 5G and network transformation as a significant opportunity for us to expand the role we play as more and more compute moves from the data center to the cloud to the network and those dumb pipes become smarter and smarter pipes. So, this has been a pretty large thrust for us for the last several years. We've made tremendous progress in migrating a custom-oriented environment to general purpose compute and that has been a big source of growth from a $1 billion business probably five or six years ago to $5 billion last year. That came primarily by leveraging the core GPU in the network environment, but a couple of years ago to your question, we expanded the role that we thought we could play as more and more compute happened at the network and that included moving into the radio access space with more -- with general purpose compute, but also custom architectures including FPGAs and ASICs and that allowed us to play a much bigger role in our customers' success and a key emerging technology that we've been focused on for a while. So, I think that maybe one other point that I would make that we've gone -- we targeted about 20% share in that radio access space by 2022 and we hit that 40% share in 2020. So, we're well ahead of where we expected. The role we play at 5G and the network is much bigger. We've developed partnerships along the way in this space including with VMware. So, I can only imagine those partnerships and complementary capabilities will allow us to play a bigger and bigger role as more and more compute moves to the network and to the edge.
Pat Gelsinger: And if I might pile on to this one, as Bob had said, Bob and I had struck a partnership when I was in my VMware role and I've been driving the 5G strategy at VMware. So, this is one I'm actually quite intimate with and the opportunity at 5G is it becomes a horizontal versus a vertically-controlled industry is absolutely enormous, but it's even more important than that because 5G is going to represent a platform that is redefining edge computing, it will open up smart cities, smart factories, it will displace Wi-Fi. This is a powerful technology; it will also be deployed in private 5G environments as well. So, not only is Intel establishing a beachhead in a very important market that was never a major source of revenue forward in the past, but it is redefining all aspects of distributed computing in the future. So, this leadership position that is established today is one that we'll be harvesting for the next decade and 5G isn't just faster LTE, it is a new network with increased security, connectivity, bandwidth, better than wired capabilities, and truly will open up markets as we've never seen before. This one is exciting and the leadership position that's already been established here will be harvested for many, many years to come.
Harlan Sur: Thank you for the insights.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
Matt Ramsay: Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon and thanks Bob for everything. Pat, welcome home. I guess my question is a bigger picture one and Pat, you had mentioned a little bit about this in one of your previous answers and I guess the question is to Omar, yourself, and to Bob. No secret that Intel's success is hugely critical to U.S. competitiveness in the long-term on several pillars of technology. I wonder, Pat, your decision to come back, Omar your decision and the Board's decision to make the CEO change and go in that direction, how much of that influenced that and what the interactions with governments -- U.S. government, the Israeli government et cetera, what those conversations have been like in support of Intel? Thanks.
Omar Ishrak: Well, let me take that one. First of all, the Board has a succession planning process, which we are looking at and we felt that this was the right time to make the move in partnership with Bob and there was no real government influence or anything like that in this decision. So, this was part of our regular process and we're just delighted to have Pat join us at this time and we're confident he can take this company to the next level as he's been saying and thanks to Bob for what he's done. So, there was no other motive other than the regular succession planning process that the Board does have.
Bob Swan: And then on the specific question about the dynamics and discussion with kind of the U.S. government or maybe just our foundry capabilities, I would just -- we've been talking about this for a couple of years and I think the implications of a couple of years ago, increased trade tariffs, now more increasing trade restrictions. At the time, we saw that as a challenge because China is a large market for us, but also was a big opportunity and the big opportunity were on two fronts. In the event of an increasingly East versus West world, we saw an opportunity for us to play a bigger role in 5G. So, we talked about that and I think as a result of the incremental investments we've made, the team has made tremendous progress on our 5G space. At the same time, we also talked about addressing a growing need in an East versus West world where there are dual supply chains and increased anxiety about having all your technology dependencies more in the East. So, for us what that meant was engaging both with the U.S. government and with commercial players who just were increasingly anxious about their exposures and what we've heard from the U.S. government is one, we need advanced access to advanced microelectronics technology and manufacturing here in the U.S. We need greater industrial manufacturing base here in the U.S. and we need a safe and secure supply chain increasingly here in the U.S. and with those with those three things, and this is both U.S. government and commercial customers, we're the only company that can really check all three boxes. So, along the way, as you know, Matt, we told the U.S. government that we would be in a position to, for the good of the industry, frankly, for the good of the country, for the good of Intel, we would leverage our competencies, our capabilities to provide foundry services to the U.S. government and then been working very closely because foundry services requires scale, how do we make sure that we have the technology that can be both USG needs and commercial players' needs. And that's a dialog that has been back and forth for a while and we think we've played a role both with ourselves and the Semiconductor Industry Association in trying to shape some of the incentives coming out of Washington that in effect do a more effective job in leveling the playing field to invest in foundry services here in the U.S.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much Bob. That was helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi thanks. I guess I had a broader question on just captive versus foundry as well. And Bob you had an interview I think maybe it was a month ago, maybe it was six weeks ago where you talked about licensing or the possibility to basically license a process from a foundry rather than just strictly outsourcing to a foundry and you said that, yes, that is actually possible that you could do that. I mean that would be quite a tectonic shift and I guess since Pat is also on the phone, I just wanted to ask you is this something that's remotely on the table as you sort of think about this? Thanks.
Bob Swan: Well, I'll be a little more generic. I think what I said is that our focus is on how do you deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products, preserve IDM advantages, and invest in technology development and along the way as a company be much more open and engaging with the ecosystem to make sure we understand the inherent technologies that are out there and embrace technologies to the extent they might be better than what we have or not as critical in the determination of product performance differentiation. So, that said, what we've characterized is just engaging with the ecosystem in a much more holistic way and broadly speaking, that may mean sharing technologies that we have that they could use or leveraging technologies that others have developed that we can use as well. So, that's -- I just think it goes back to how do we take this wonderful business model called IDM where we co-optimize, design, and manufacturing, we make all the money and we control the supply chain, how do we evolve that very powerful business model in an industry and an ecosystem that's made dramatic advancements over the last 10 years where we think we can be more open minded in engaging and leveraging those.
Pat Gelsinger: And I would just add to that this will certainly be a topic that we'll discuss as I go forward with the company. Also that clearly this ability to work more closely with the equipment suppliers, right, the CAD tool suppliers, other technology sources in the industry. We're committed to the IDM model, we're committed to leadership products, but also innovation that fundamentally has us leading the industry on a consistent basis and sometimes that may happen outside of the company, sometimes it will be inside of the company, but we're committed to leading innovation and delivering the best products for our customers in every category that we participate in.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. Good luck to you both.
Trey Campbell: Yeah, thank you. And Pat, I'm just going to give maybe a few minutes here at the end for you to frame out your priorities as we leave the call and just give you a few seconds to do that.
Pat Gelsinger: Great, thank you, Trey and thanks again to Bob and really is incredible to come back home and have my dream job and thank you, Bob, for being the vehicle to deliver that up to me. Four areas that I touched on briefly in my formal comments that you'll see me focus on as I come into the company. One is great products, right, where we simply will be the leader in every category that we participate. You'll see me dive into details, we'll build out the partnerships with our customers, but we're going to deliver leadership products and have a development machine that consistently does that. Then, execution, obviously, we have to regain the confidence of our customers that our supply chain is the best; that our roadmap is the best; that they can rely on us for their products and their strategies for the future. Innovation, we're going to continue to be a source, a fountain, a continual delivery vehicle for the greatest innovations of the industry. We'll be doing that with the IDM model, 7-nanometers beyond, but continuing to find radical areas to innovate because the world is looking for more digital technology as more and more of every aspect of humanity is coming online and coming to the digital foundation that we uniquely build and deliver. And finally culture, I was trained at the feet of Grove and we will have the Grovian maniac execution, transparent data driven culture and rebuilding that as part of this company. And as we look across these areas, as I said, I'm convinced the best days for this company are in front of us and this is a priority for Intel, a priority for the technology industry and our nation and it is a sovereign duty, responsibility, and opportunity for me to be taking on that role. Thank you all for joining us today.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Pat and thank you all for joining us. Operator, could you please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q3 2020 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host Director of Investor Relations, Trey Campbell. Sir, please go ahead. 
Trey Campbell: Thank you operator and welcome everyone to Intel's third quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks Trey and thank you all for joining our call. We delivered solid third quarter revenue and profitability despite increasing COVID-driven headwinds affecting significant portions of our business. Led by strong consumer notebook demand and continued cloud growth, we generated $18.3 billion in revenue and delivered $1.11 in EPS. We exceeded our topline expectation by $133 million and our bottom-line expectation by $0.01. I'm incredibly proud of our employees' performance through these challenging conditions. Our team has shown tremendous perseverance and has really come together as one Intel to deliver for our customers. Over the last couple of years, we have been focused on three critical priorities; improving our execution to strengthen our core business, extending our reach to accelerate the growth of the company, and continuing to thoughtfully deploy your capital. Let me discuss our third quarter progress. First, improving our execution to strengthen our core business. This quarter we launched our 11th Gen Intel Core processors with Intel Iris Xe graphics, codename Tiger Lake. This is the world's best processor for thin and light notebooks. In real-world workloads versus competitive products, Tiger Lake delivers up to 2.7 times faster content creation, 20% faster office productivity, and more than 2x faster gaming plus streaming. I'm excited to announce that we now expect 100 Tiger Lake-based designs in the market by the end of this year, double the expectation we provided in April. Tiger Lake is a shining example of the product leadership we can deliver for our customers through our six pillars of technology innovation; breakthrough architectural improvements in CPU, graphics, AI, and software combined with our newest 10-nanometer-based technology, SuperFin, which delivers the largest single inter-node performance improvement in our history. Accompanying the Tiger Lake launch, we also updated our master brand and debuted a new platform brand Evo. Based on 11th Gen Core, Evo designs support the sleekest thin and light form factors with premium connectivity, audio, and video. Each Evo notebook is verified to deliver consistent responsiveness, outstanding real-world battery life, instant wake, and fast charging. We expect our customers to have 40 Evo designs in market by the end of the year. Turning to our data center business, we and our customers are excited about the upcoming launch of our 3rd Gen Xeon Scalable product, Ice Lake. We're targeting qualification at the end of Q4 with volume ramp shortly after in Q1. Recently, Oracle announced that they plan to leverage the computing performance of Ice Lake for the next generation of cloud-based high-performance computing instances within Oracle cloud infrastructure. The combination of 3rd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors with other improvements in Oracle's new X9 generation instance can drive up to 30% higher performance gains on certain workloads compared with the existing X7 generation instances. CPUs are foundational to our business, but we are also adding a range of other processing engines or XPUs to our portfolio. We've made great strides in graphics and we are now scaling our graphics architecture from integrated to discrete levels of performance. Our first discrete GPU DG1 is shipping now and will be in systems for multiple OEMs later in Q4. We also powered on our next-generation GPU for client DG2. Based on our Xe high-performance gaming architecture, this product will take our discrete graphics capability up the stack into the enthusiast segment. Beyond the CPU and the GPU, our customers tell us that they want a diverse range of AI solutions to fit every power level and performance needs from the intelligent edge to the data center. For the most demanding AI workloads, our customers are looking for purpose-built XPUs that leverage a standard-based programming environment. With that in mind, we acquired Habana Labs almost a year ago. We've integrated Habana with our platform capabilities and added software resources, so that we can deliver game-changing capability to the performance tier of the data center market. Habana's inference card is now in volume production and shipping to customers. And we're also in proof of concepts with several major cloud service providers on Habana's training card. In addition to our architectural advancements and process improvements with SuperFin, we've also advanced our packaging technologies. Several weeks ago the U.S. Department of Defense awarded us the second phase of its state-of-the-art heterogeneous integration prototype program or SHIPP. The SHIPP program enables the U.S. government to access Intel's state-of-the-art semiconductor packaging capabilities in Arizona and Oregon and take advantage of capabilities created by Intel's tens of billions of dollars of annual R&D and manufacturing investments.  Software is another essential pillar for product leadership which is why we have more than 15,000 software engineers working across the stack from BIOS to application optimization. As an example, we have dedicated software experts who optimize key workloads using our hardware capabilities. Through these efforts we have increased the performance of top data center workloads such as the NAMD molecular dynamic simulation code used in the fight against COVID-19 by 1.8 times via AVX512 and natural language processing using the BERT model by 6.8 times via a range of software optimizations. Additionally, we have been working closely with the ecosystem on the open standard oneAPI effort as part of the XPU transformation. With oneAPI we are creating an open unified software architecture that can support the variety of XPUs that our customers demand. We've made tremendous progress with developers and released spec 1.0 of oneAPI in the third quarter and on track to have the gold release of oneAPI software in the fourth quarter this year. Second, we're focused on extending our reach to accelerate our growth. We are actively executing against a diversified growth strategy and now have several multibillion-dollar businesses fueled by data and the rise of artificial intelligence 5G network transformation and the intelligent autonomous edge. We built these businesses by positioning the company to grow share in the largest market opportunity in our history, in a world where everything increasingly looks like a computer. Our ambitions are much greater. And to realize them we must play a larger role in our customers' success. Here are some recent examples. We created OpenVINO in 2018 so that developers could quickly accelerate applications with deep learning inference and solutions deployed from edge to cloud. In the third quarter our OpenVINO download rate was more than double our peak last year and we've now seen our OpenVINO-related edge design wins scale more than five times in the first half of this year versus the same time last year. And we're only beginning to realize the opportunities created by 5G. As communication service providers evolve their networks to support the rollout of future 5G networks, they are increasingly adopting a software-defined virtualized infrastructure. This quarter, Verizon successfully completed the world's first fully virtualized end-to-end 5G data session, leveraging Intel's vast portfolio of products including Xeon, FPGAs, ethernet cards and Flex-Ran software reference architecture and our years of experience in virtualization. We continue to see excellent customer momentum in our Mobileye business. Year-to-date we now have 29 new design wins for more than 26 million lifetime units. Following last quarter's landmark design win with Ford we announced collaborations with Geelys, AHG and WILLER. Geely Automotive Group the largest privately held auto manufacturer in China unveiled its new electric vehicle featuring Mobileye's SuperVision surround view for hands-free ADAS solution starting in late 2021. We expanded our Mobility-as-a-Service collaborations network with two important partnerships. The first is with Al Habtoor Group from the UAE; second with WILLER Japan to propel the deployment of autonomous vehicles and Mobility-as-a-Service. Mobileye is also first of our IOTG businesses to return to pre-COVID levels as global vehicle production improved in the third quarter. Finally we're always mindful of our role in thoughtfully allocating your capital. This week we signed an agreement to sell SK hynix our NAND memory business for $9 billion. We believe this is a fantastic win-win transaction that allows us to focus our energy and investment in differentiated technologies, where we can play a bigger role in the success of our customers and deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. At the same time, SK hynix can build on the success of our NAND technology at a greater scale and grow the memory ecosystem to the benefit of our data center customers, partners and employees. We are retaining our Optane technology and intend to continue investing, developing and scaling the Optane business. We've also significantly improved supply for our customers. We've expanded our capacity by more than 25% in 2020 and currently have three high-volume fabs producing 10-nanometer products to meet our customer demands. Earlier this quarter, we also entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase $10 billion in stock. Following this repurchase we will have completed approximately $17.6 billion of the $20 billion repurchase commitment we made in October of 2019. We have a very strong balance sheet. And even as macroeconomic uncertainty persists, we are confident in our long-term strategy and the value we create as we grow our business. Finally, let me share a few thoughts about the guiding principles we use to deliver the most value for our customers. Our overarching and most important priority is to deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products. A few years ago we decided that an architectural shift to die disaggregation enabled by our differentiated advanced packaging would be a potent tool for employing the best technologies that we and the ecosystem can provide. We also realized that delivering on that promise meant engaging the ecosystem in a different way: treating the equipment and EDA providers and third-party foundries not as suppliers but as strategic partners that we can learn from and that can help us solve customer problems. Now we have more flexibility in whether we make or buy or whether we make for others. Many of our future products can no longer be described as manufactured inside or outside or as being a large core or a small core product. These products will take advantage of hybrid architectural approaches and the universe of IP deployed both inside and outside the walls of Intel. That said, we have and do get great benefits from internal manufacturing. We call it our IDM advantage, because it provides us attractive economics, co-optimization of design and process technology development and supply assurance. So as we engage the ecosystem more broadly, we want to preserve some of the advantages of IDM like schedule, performance and supply, as we work with our strategic partners. Finally, I want to reiterate our intention to continue investing in leading process technology development to bring future process nodes and advanced packaging capabilities to market. This is a powerful force in creating future differentiation for our products and provides tremendous option value for our business. As I look to the next several years of products, I am excited about the products we have coming. We are now sampling our 2021 client CPU Alder Lake, and we'll be sampling our 2021 data center CPU, Sapphire Rapids later in the fourth quarter. Both will deliver significant capabilities enabled by our six pillars of innovation including our enhanced SuperFin technology. We have another great lineup of products in 2022 and I'm increasingly confident in the leadership our 2023 products will deliver on either Intel 7-nanometer or external foundry processes or a combination of both. I look forward to providing further update in the January call.
George Davis: Thanks, Bob. And good afternoon, everyone. Despite intensifying COVID-related demand impacts, particularly in our data center, enterprise and government segment, we exceeded our revenue and EPS guidance, achieved record notebook sales and saw continued growth in our cloud and comm service provider, data center segments. Revenue came in at $18.3 billion, down 4% year-over-year and approximately $100 million higher than guide. Data-centric revenue was $8.5 billion, down 10% year-over-year on COVID-related weakness in the DCG, enterprise and government segment in IOTG and NSG. PC-centric revenue was $9.8 billion, up 1% year-over-year on strong notebook PC demand in consumer and education segments and on increased supply. Gross margin for the quarter was 55%, two points below expectations due to lower data center ASPs, driven by mix shift from enterprise and government to cloud and lower PC client ASPs on increased demand for consumer and education PCs. Operating margin was 29%, down one point versus our expectations. Q3 EPS was $1.11 slightly better than our guide, as lower spending and the impact of our accelerated share repurchase more than offset lower client and data center ASPs. In Q3, we generated $8.2 billion in operating cash flow and invested $3.7 billion in CapEx resulting in $4.5 billion of free cash flow. We paid $1.4 billion to shareholders in dividends and initiated an accelerated share repurchase program for an aggregate of $10 billion of common stock. Following settlement of these agreements by the end of 2020, we'll have repurchased a total of approximately $17.6 billion in shares as part of the planned $20 billion share repurchase program announced in October 2019. We intend to complete the $2.4 billion balance and return to historical capital return practices when markets stabilize. Year-to-date operating cash flow is $25.5 billion, up 10% year-over-year; and year-to-date free cash flow is $15.1 billion, up 29% year-over-year. Let's move to segment performance in Q3. Against the challenging compare Data Center Group revenue of $5.9 billion was down 7% from the prior year. COVID-driven headwinds significantly impacted our enterprise and government segment, which was down 47% year-over-year following two consecutive quarters of more than 30% growth. Our cloud and comm service provider segments were up year-over-year 15% and 4% respectively. DCG adjacencies grew 34% as strong adoption of 5G network solutions continued. Platform units were up 4% and ASPs were down 15% on higher networking SoC volume and weaker enterprise and government volume. Operating margin was 32% down 17 points year-over-year on lower revenue, due to enterprise and government weakness and the ramp of 10-nanometer 5G base station SoCs and pre-PRQ reserves on our Ice Lake server product. Revenue in our other data-centric businesses was down 18% year-over-year, due to declines in our IOTG, NSG and PSG businesses. IOTG revenue and operating income declined 33% and 80% respectively on continued COVID-related demand weakness. Mobileye returned to profitability with revenue up 2% year-over-year and 60% sequentially as global vehicle production improved. NSG revenue was down 11% year-over-year on lower volume, partially offset by higher ASPs. Operating income was $29 million for the quarter, up $528 million year-over-year on improved ASPs and reduced unit costs. PSG revenue was down 19% year-over-year on weaker embedded and communications segment demand, partially offset by cloud segment growth of 43%. Operating income was down 57% on the lower revenue. CCG revenue was $9.8 billion up 1% year-over-year driven by strong consumer notebook demand, offset by lower desktop volumes and declines in the modem and home gateway businesses due to divestiture. PC unit volumes were up 11% year-over-year on record notebook volume enabled by significantly increased supply. ASPs were down 6% year-on-year due to increased volume in our consumer entry in education segment. As Bob mentioned Tiger Lake ramp is exceeding expectation with 100 design wins expected by end of year up from 50 forecasted in Q2. As supply increases and we see strong demand for our leadership products including Tiger Lake, we continue to expect to regain share through year-end. Operating margin was 36% down eight points year-on-year on higher unit cost associated with the ramp of 10-nanometer products. Moving now to our fourth quarter outlook, we see many of the same dynamics in Q4 that were in place in Q3. We see continued strength in consumer notebook PCs supported by work and learn-from-home dynamics and from increased supply. We also expect continued strong Mobileye growth as design win momentum continues and the automotive industry stabilizes. We expect continued demand weakness in IOTG and NSG as well as in the enterprise and government segment of DCG. Further, our guide assumes cloud segment demand moderates as key customers enter a digestion period following multiple quarters of above trend line growth. As a result, we expect total revenue of $17.4 billion with PC-centric down low single digits and data-centric down approximately 25% year-over-year. Gross margin is expected to be 55%, down five points year-over-year on the same operating environment we saw in Q3. Relative to our prior guide for Q4, we are expecting OpEx to be down modestly in the quarter and gains from our Intel capital portfolio to be up on the order of $0.08 per share. Q4 EPS is expected to be approximately $1.10 per share. Our non-GAAP tax rate in the quarter is expected to be 14.5%. In the fourth quarter, we announced the sale of our NAND business to SK Hynix. The sales consideration is $9 billion in two stages. The unique structure of this deal is strictly a factor of existing commitments within our long-term agreements with Micron. At the first close subject to regulatory approvals, we will receive $7 billion and transfer the assets of the factory and the Dalian facility overall. We will continue to operate the factory for SK Hynix until we can transfer the entirety of the business in 2025. We will begin accounting for the NAND business as held for sale effective this quarter for GAAP purposes. Non-GAAP reporting will be unchanged in Q4 and then NAND will be excluded from non-GAAP reporting effective Q1 2021. Under held for sale, depreciation is suspended from the announcement date forward. The benefit of this change will not be seen until existing inventory-carrying depreciation and cost of sales is sold through. So earliest benefit will be later in Q1 2021 or Q2 2021. Capital spending for the NAND business will be shown in assets held for sale and excluded from free cash flow. This will reduce our forecasted capital spend for 2020 by approximately $300 million and raise our free cash flow by a similar amount. We believe this sale is a true win-win as SK Hynix will commit the necessary investment to bring this business to scale and Intel will dispose of a non-strategic asset to focus on our core opportunities ahead. Let's move to the full year. Based on our Q4 guidance, we expect revenue of $75.3 billion and EPS of $4.90, $300 million and $0.05 higher respectively versus our July expectations. We expect our PC business to be up mid-single digits year-over-year against the TAM that is also up mid to high single digits year-over-year. We expect revenue from our data-centric businesses to be up mid single-digits year-over-year on strong cloud demand, NSG growth and increased 5G build-outs offset by COVID-related weakness in our IOTG business. Gross margin is expected to be 57% for the year down approximately one point versus July guidance on the mix dynamics we are seeing in both Q3 and Q4 and higher 10-nanometer volumes. Year-over-year gross margin is most heavily impacted by higher volumes of 10-nanometer products partially offset by higher NAND margins on ASPs and lower modem volumes from exit of that business. Spending for the year is expected to be approximately $19.1 billion down approximately $400 million year-over-year. Spending as a percentage of revenue is expected to be approximately 25% of revenue down two points year-on-year due to divestitures and improved operating leverage. The resulting operating margin is approximately 31.5% down 1.5 points year-over-year. Full year EPS of $4.90 is $0.05 above July expectations as higher equity gains, reduced spending and reduced share count are partially offset by lower COVID mix-related gross margins. We expect 2020 CapEx of approximately $14.2 billion to $14.5 billion and free cash flow of approximately $18 billion to $18.5 billion. To conclude, I'd like to join Bob in thanking our employees worldwide as they continue to deliver for our customers in a most challenging environment. And with that I'll hand it back to Bob for some additional thoughts before we go to your questions. Bob? 
Bob Swan: Thanks, George. Before we get to your questions just a little context on the year. 2020 has been the most challenging year in my career with a global pandemic geopolitical tensions challenging business principles of globalization and social unrest. Despite all this, we expect to deliver the best year in our storied 52-year history. We plan to grow revenue by $1.8 billion more than our January expectations even as COVID has significantly impacted our business mix. Full year gross margin will be down approximately two points versus our January expectation primarily driven by acceleration of 10-nanometer-based products and a change in mix of products in a work-from-home, study-from-home environment. We've maintained spending discipline even as we invest in our workforce communities and supply chain to combat COVID and the decision we made to sell our NAND business will drive one to two points of non-GAAP gross margin accretion next year. Finally, we are mindful of your capital and made decisions to increase shareholder value through our ASR and increase dividend and prudent management of our Intel capital portfolio. Nine months into 2020, we now expect to beat our January free cash flow guide by $1.5 billion to $2 billion. In closing, I want to thank all our employees who are working through difficult circumstances to deliver these financial commitments and support our customers.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Yes. Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. George, I guess I wanted to double quick on gross margin. It came in, obviously, below for Q3 and Q4 is about 400 basis points below what it was thought to be. So there's not much of a recovery in Q4. And I certainly understand the weaker enterprise and government and mix, but you were already pretty cautious on those segments and you already paid the price for the pre-quals on the Tiger Lake. So it sounds like that's at least on track. And Q4 revenue is about as you thought it would be three or so months ago if not a bit better. So I guess I'm just trying to understand how mix could account for this much lower gross margin. I guess, the point that investors are going to say is that this is competition and it's the beginning of a slippery slope. So I wonder if you can both talk about that. Thanks.
George Davis: Thanks Tim. I think in many ways you kind of summarized what took place in the third quarter. And really the fourth quarter is quite similar with a few changes I'll talk about. But for the two-point falloff in the third quarter, it really was a factor of -- it turned out to be a very different quarter than we thought going in, a much heavier mix of the entry-level PC markets both consumer and education. So you saw that in the ASPs even as we saw strong unit demand. In server, enterprise and government after two consecutive quarters of growing 30% dropped 47% year-over-year. And as you know that's -- from an ASP standpoint that's a very healthy market for us. And so if you take that into account and also the fact that we saw growth in our SoCs within the data center that actually pulls down ASPs as they have very different ASPs obviously than the server chips. So overall it was really a mix story. Yes competition -- we're seeing increased competition in the second half of the year, but not different levels of competition than we thought. We feel good about where we are on the year. So I would say it's really a mix story and a very different mix than we thought going in.
Bob Swan: Maybe just…
George Davis: Go ahead, go ahead.
Bob Swan: …to add I was just going to say that the one other dynamic and we -- this impacted us as we thought about the second half but it's been even more exacerbated now is the demand for our 10-nanometer products. We said that it was going to be -- it was up 20% in the second half from what we thought back in the beginning of the year. And now we're saying it's up north of 30% from what we thought. And that's a function of the Tiger Lake product that we launched in the third quarter, real strong demand, double the design wins that'll be on the shelf during the course of the fourth quarter and the ramping of three high volume manufacturing fabs to enable more and more supply. We're going to get more 10-nanometer product than we even anticipated 90 days ago. So that's just the one added feature that -- on top of George's commentary.
George Davis: Yes. And I would say in Q4, Tim you'll see more of the benefit of Tiger Lake as the volume there ramps further. So notebook will be a stronger contributor in Q4 than they were in Q3. And then as we said we think cloud digestion starts. So we expect that to fall off and put pressure on gross margins because we don't see E&G coming back. So stronger notebook better flow through and I think it's kind of a rent-and-repeat quarter in terms of the gross margin outlook. But it's a mix story and it's one where we think as mix normalizes that gets healthy -- gross margin gets healthier.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Tim. Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your question please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Another question on gross margin. So the positive 10-nanometer demand acceleration this year, obviously, good to see but it is having the impact of muting your gross margins. You're still coming off the learning curve. But this should be a tailwind to gross margins in 2021 as more of the volume is going to be on 10, you're getting through the early yield learning and higher cost profile this year. Is that how the team sees it? And if so, should we expect the team to recapture the 200 basis points of gross margin next year that you gave up this year because of the more aggressive 10-nanometer pull-forward?
George Davis: The way we look at it, we said, as 10-nanometer accelerated because -- as it's displacing 14-nanometer, there's a margin impact from that. So we think, even as we see cost initiatives that are improving the cost structure of 10-nanometer, the teams are working on the yield performance of 10-nanometer all that should show up as positive. The impact of 10-nanometer will still be felt in 2021, as we guided back in May of 2019. So ramping earlier has changed the mix a little bit in 2020 from what we thought. And that has put some pressure on. But 2021 right now, I wouldn't call it a tailwind. We've got other tailwinds, for gross margin in 2021. For instance our IOTG business was really hurt this year. We think that starts to come back and we get margin accretion there. Mobileye has already returned to year-over-year growth in the third quarter and as -- we see it accelerating further. We think E&G comes back. We kind of had the reverse of what you normally see in enterprise and government which is weak first half strong second half. And we saw a very strong first half and a weak second half. So we think normalization is good. We think cloud digestion will take some time but we expect cloud to be back acquiring in 2021. So -- and then on top of that, we have the modem exit. So as we sell fewer and fewer modems, that's actually margin accretive. And then of course, we announced the NAND exit which we think gives us about a one- to two-point tailwind on gross margins next year.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
George Davis: Next question, operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your question please?
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys. Thanks for question. Maybe just drilling down on the gross margin. Just looking at the op margin in DCG 32%, I think that's the lowest ever. So maybe if you can just redo that answer, I guess just focusing on gross margins in data center, because that's an area that you haven't yet really ramped 10-nanometer. So I'm just kind of curious how to look at that business as that, layers in. And also you fold Optane in later.
George Davis: Yes, obviously, what we saw was lower revenue than we expected there with the falloff of E&G. And as you look at the ASP dynamics of that -- of such a steep drop-off a 47% year-over-year drop-off, that certainly has an impact on gross margin which flows right through to operating margin. On operating margin too, we've also added the Habana business into the spending profile. So you've seen some growth in spending as we're investing in the AI area. And then again overall we think as E&G comes back and cloud recovers. We should be seeing strong margin performance out of DCG.
Bob Swan: But as George mentioned earlier, the -- year-on-year you have a 15% ASP decline, but when you look at within the segments of the business cloud growth continued to be really strong. So on a year-to-date basis cloud is up mid-30%. So cloud performance relatively strong. Our comms business real strong volume growth, as the role we play at network and the edge becomes larger. Yet that strong unit volume growth is much lower ASPs than our kind of normal cloud and enterprise business. And then third, with the enterprise decline being so big where the ASPs have a tendency to be higher prices, the combination of that mix effect mix alone of the business drove the lion's share of the 15% ASP decline. So, mix dynamics that George flagged, but with strong cloud growth -- I think the reality of E&G is -- remember we were up 34%, through the first six months of the year. So when you take into account third quarter volume on a year-to-date basis the E&G business is flat in a fairly challenging macro environment. So all told, I think what we saw in the course of the second quarter going into the third quarter inventory levels in the channel were probably relatively high. They bled off quite a bit, in the third quarter. And therefore, year-to-date at being flat it's probably in line with where we were when we started the year, with a stronger first half a weaker second half.
George Davis: Yes. And another way to look at it Harlan is, we kind of had a year that was -- compared to our normal seasonality, we had our strong second half of the year and the first half very, very big prints on operating margin for DCG year-over-year. And what we're seeing is, as we forecasted a weaker second half and which looks a lot more like what we would normally see in the first half. 
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for the color.
George Davis: Thanks, Blayne. Next, operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask question. Bob, I appreciate your comments around 7-nanometer and your ability to kind of want to maintain maximum flexibility around your 7-nanometer decisions. But there comes a point in time where your own lead time for capacity or a foundry's need for lead time for capacity forces the decision upon you guys. So I'm wondering if you could just help us understand the window close to when you have to make a decision on 7 and if you could help us understand kind of the scenarios we should be thinking through. Is this as much as an all or nothing? Or are we talking percentages here? And how should we think about that?
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks, John. I mean, first we have a very strong product lineup for 2020, 2021 and 2022 for client, for server and for IoT. So we feel very good about what our lineup looks like over the next three years. And not just for the CPU, but for the GPU for AI and for FPGA. So the next three years we feel very good about the product lineup. So as we think about 2023 and beyond, we're looking at the products required at that time. And we're evaluating our process versus other third-party processes. And the fundamental criteria, as you could imagine, are at the macro level fairly simple: schedule and schedule predictability, product performance and economics with supply chain -- our ability to control the supply chain best we possibly can. So the criteria are relatively simple and we're evaluating each one of those kind of as we exit 2020 and really early 2021, because that's the time that we'll have to make the determination as to whether we're buying more 7-nanometer equipment or whether a third-party foundry would be adding that capacity. So we're going through this process really looking at our capabilities others' capabilities around those three fundamental criteria. I would say since the last time we spoke, our 7-nanometer process is doing very well. I mean, last time we spoke we had identified an excursion. We had root caused it. We thought we knew the fix. Now, we've deployed the fix and made wonderful progress. But nonetheless, we're still going to evaluate third-party foundry versus our foundry across those three criteria. And the call will be towards the end of this year early next year. On your last question John about, is it an all or nothing. No, I'd say, we look at server or client. We look at big core, small core. We look at some segments of the stack within the product line. So we're looking at a variety of different parameters in terms of the makeup of the business. And as I said in my prepared remarks, it's probably not an all or nothing; it's probably a mix in terms of the best path to ensure that we had a predictable cadence of leadership products for 2023 and 2024 like we believe we will have in 2020, 2021 and 2022. And we'll learn a lot more as we have in the last 90 days during the course of the next 90 days and I think, be in a pretty good position to lay out our decision in the January time frame.
John Pitzer: Thank you. Helpful color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the server road map. And in particular, you've talked about Ice Lake being kind of more volume early part of next year and Sapphire Rapids also next year. It seems like a pretty quick transition to what seems like a pretty important Sapphire Rapids launch. Can you just talk about how that's going to play out with those two being so close together? 
Bob Swan: Well, I mean, I think, Joe, it's been a fairly consistent road map over the course of the last 18 months or so with Cascade Lake now Ice Lake end of year, beginning to ramp early next year a very -- in our mind a very attractive and enhanced feature set for Sapphire Rapids at the end of the year, kind of, four quarters later which is kind of the road map that we've laid out for our customers over the course of the last 18 months. And I think people are pretty excited about getting Ice Lake out and equally excited about the enhanced feature set of Sapphire Rapids at the end of the year. So as long as we got it fairly laid out predictable, so our customers can plan effectively, we want to be able to continue to do that cadence of leadership products kind of in sequence in a 4 maybe 5 quarter kind of timeframe. And this is not dramatically different than how we've approached it in the past. 
Joe Moore: Okay. So just to make sure I understand so Sapphire Rapids will be sort of more volume in kind of early 2022? Or is it -- am I trying to cut it too finely there? 
Bob Swan: You're doing a little too fine cutting it.
Joe Moore: Okay. Thank you so much.
Bob Swan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Under a scenario where TSMC starts building leading node processes for you and I understand you haven't - you still have to reevaluate all of this over the next 90 days, can you explain how easy it is to transition from TSMC back to your internal manufacturing? How comfortable that is? And would that be for existing type of architecture or more like chiplet type of architectures? 
Bob Swan: Yes. It's a good question. I mean I gave kind of the criteria around should we under what circumstances go out more of schedule predictability performance and of economics if you will the bookend on that -- on those three criteria really around one, the ease of portability of our technologies to go out. And I would say, we feel very confident in the ability of us being able to port to TSMC. And the other bookend is in the event that we go out what's the ease in which we can port back if we conclude that's the best alternative for either core products or chiplets. I would just say that we feel increasingly confident that yes in fact, if we conclude going out makes sense that we can. And also that in the event we want to port back in, we can as well. And that's -- those are general observations around the bookend questions. And then there's a bit of complexity based on the nature of the product whether it's more big core versus more synthesizable cores. So we can go out we can come back in and we're in the process of evaluating that should we and under what circumstances. 
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you very much.
Bob Swan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu of New Street Research. Your question please.
George Davis: Pierre, please make sure your line unmuted. Using the speaker phone, lift the handset.
Pierre Ferragu: Can you hear me well? 
George Davis: We can now. 
Pierre Ferragu: Okay. That's great. So yes, I'd like to go back to the PC market and the comments you've made on market share. So it looks like you're gaining -- regaining market share in the lower end of the market in the notebook market. How are things in the higher end of the market like for the gaming community? How did things play out in Q3? And how do you see them playing out over the next year? 
Bob Swan: Yes. So I'll start. George you can pile on. I mean first, we're up 9% unit volume year-to-date 11% unit volume in the third quarter with a TAM that's probably up in the high single digits at this stage. So when we came into the year, we want to number one, increase our capacity which we have in fact done. Number two, launch some very good products; and then number three, with that incremental capacity and improved product roadmap to begin to recapture share. And I would say that we feel -- we don't exactly know how Q3 TAM is going to be, but I think on a year-to-date basis we feel like we've gained back some market share primarily by protecting the higher end and recapturing the small core. And I think those have all been a little bit exacerbated by a market that is much stronger than we anticipated, number one. And then as George flagged this massive mix shift that happened really in the third quarter and we expect to continue in the fourth quarter to more mobile notebook products where we think we've got a wonderful product offering. So in the aggregate we're looking at a TAM in the high -- mid to high single-digit growth for the year. Our volume through nine months is 9%. We got really good ramp of our 10-nanometer product in the holiday and we think we've got a nice supply chain kind of up and down the stack as we go into the holiday season. 
George Davis: Yes. And we said in the first half of the year, we had seen share in the entry markets. We just didn't have the capacity to serve both the higher end PC markets and the entry level. We're seeing -- we expected some mix shift clearly not at the level that we saw in Q3 and Q4. So we're getting the opportunity to recover share in this space. And quite frankly, we could have sold -- if we -- everything we could have produced on top of what we produce we could have sold in Q3 and we're seeing super strong demand coming into Q4 as we're ramping more capacity. So we feel very good about starting to recover and grow that share in the second half that we -- where we were down in the first half in the entry market. 
Pierre Ferragu: Thank you.
George Davis : Thank you, Pierre.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hi. Thanks, guys. Actually just a clarification first and then a longer-term question on gross margin. So when you talked about the reasons for the pressure on gross margin as far as mix goes I just want to make sure that there's no I guess aggressive pricing on your part or no pricing pressure from the competition?  And then my longer-term question is, it seems like some of these headwinds on pricing such as mix and more comm revenue are not going away. So do you think longer-term, we should look at your gross margins as maybe being the range being a little bit lower than what you've indicated previously? Or is that going to be offset by the NAND situation? Maybe just a little clarification there. 
George Davis : Sure. Maybe I'll start and Bob may want to throw in some things. So, on the pricing headwinds it's largely mix. Again, we're seeing the competitive environment that we expected to see. It's not to say that there isn't some pricing effect from competition, but the change is really dominated by the mix change. And in terms of long-term implications, I think we're in a very unusual circumstance. So just the dynamics of our year, kind of a 55-45 year and the radically different mix that we saw. And both of those were really responding to COVID related to demand dynamics. So I think I wouldn't draw too many long-term implications of this. I mean there's -- our focus is on having the most competitive profile in each of these segments. And we think we'll see a normalization to mix that probably is more like 2019 than '20 over the long run. 
Bob Swan: Yes. And I would just add as we exit the year and I think it was Joe that asked this a little bit earlier. We go into 2021 with just some real tailwinds and some headwinds. But net-net, I think they're reasonably well balanced relative to the longer-term outlook that we gave you back in May 2019. And just to highlight the tailwinds and you mentioned one of them, we made decisions on some of the lower-margin businesses in our portfolio. Obviously this week's announcement on NAND, the decline that we expect to see in modem volume as we go into 2021, we exited home device connected business middle of the year. So the mix of the business is a net tailwind as we enter 2021. Secondly, we've made really good progress on 10-nanometer yields during the course of this year. And the expectation as we mature going into next year on 10-nanometer will in fact -- we expect will in fact improve. And then third, we will still have a significant portion of our volume in 2021 that will be on 14-nanometer and that will have an increasing portion of the equipment fully depreciated. So we have some real tailwinds in -- these are things that we knew of anticipated 6, 12, 18 months ago. So those are all kind of in line. The only real net positive is the decision on NAND. And then we have some headwinds. When we migrate more and more of our volume from 14 to 10 that will work against us as we anticipated as we planned. And the competitive environment from where we are today versus what we had assumed when we laid our longer-term numbers at not dramatically different. So I think the biggest wildcard now is mix. And that obviously surprised us a little bit, because in the second half I should say just the mix of the dynamics of the business that I'd characterize are more COVID-related and what are the implications of that on 2021 and beyond. But I'd say there's probably as much a chance of positive tailwinds as opposed to negative headwinds on that front. So we've got some real tailwinds some headwinds. Net-net, maybe I'd characterize as maybe a little better positioned today than where we were when we laid it out in May of 2019.
Chris Danely: Thanks a lot. That's very helpful.
Trey Campbell: Bob, maybe just a couple of thoughts, if you want to close the call out.
Bob Swan: Yes. Well, first thanks for joining us. I'd just say through a very challenging market environment, we expect to grow revenue this year by $1.8 billion and free cash flow by $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion above what we laid out back at the beginning of the year. So despite all the inherent challenges, we'll deliver a stronger year and we'll have a better product portfolio as we go into next year. Second, we are relentlessly focused on delivering a predictable cadence of leadership products. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we have a great product lineup through 2022. The fact that we're working really hard on 2023 at this stage I think is a relatively good position to be in. Third, we continue to extend our reach and accelerate our growth by meeting these key technology inflections such as cloud, 5G, intelligent and autonomous edge computing and AI. So I think we're positioning more and more of our resources into real strong growth characteristics. And last thing I'd just say is we're incredibly grateful for the dedication and resiliency of Intel employees, the partners that we work with and our collective efforts to continue to retain a health and safe environment while delivering for our customers. So we are collectively inspired by our purpose, which is simply to create world-changing technologies that enrich the lives of every person on Earth. And I can't imagine a time where that purpose could be more important than it has been during the course of this year. So thanks for joining us and we'll talk to you soon.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Bob, and thanks everyone for joining the call. With that operator, let's go ahead and close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Mr. Trey Campbell, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel’s second quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you’ve not received both documents, they’re available on our Investors website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I’m joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder, that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Trey. And thank you all for joining our call. Amid a very challenging environment, cloud and network infrastructure and PC capabilities have been vital in allowing businesses and people to continue to work, learn, stay connected, and provide critical goods and services. Those trends contributed to a very strong quarter in which we generated $19.7 billion in revenue, and delivered $1.23 in earnings per share. We exceeded our guidance by $1.2 billion on the top line and $0.13 on the bottom-line. Our data-centric businesses grew 34% and drove approximately 52% of the Company’s revenue, and our PC-centric businesses grew 7%. I continue to be amazed by our employees and supply chain partners who have diligently worked to keep our business operating at a high level during this unprecedented challenge. COVID-19 has driven redesigned workflows and added additional environmental stress that I know has strained employees and ecosystem partners as they try to maintain productivity in this new world. I want to thank our employees and partners for their incredible contributions. Our primary focus continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our global workforce, delivering for our customers and helping the communities in which we operate. On each earnings call, I give updates about our progress against three key priorities: Accelerating the growth of the Company; improving our execution; and continuing to thoughtfully deploy your capital. Let me give you a few thoughts on each. We’re transforming the Company to accelerate growth. That means not just playing defense but positioning our business to grow share in the largest market opportunity in our history. We’ve built scale businesses indexed to key technology inflections such as cloud, AI, 5G, and the intelligent and autonomous edge. We see a world where everything increasingly looks like a computer, including our homes, our cars, our cities, our hospitals, our factories and now even our schools. In this new world, our opportunity set becomes more than just the CPU; it’s more and more Intel silicon, inside more and more computers, so we can have a larger impact on our customers’ success. That diversity is one critical factor in driving today’s results. I’ll highlight a few examples from the past 90 days. AI use cases are becoming pervasive, and we are embedding AI capability into all our products. Our Xeon platform is foundational for data center AI, with value, scalability, built-in AI acceleration and inference leadership. This quarter, we launched our third-generation Intel Xeon Scalable processor Cooper Lake, which is the first mainstream server CPU bfloat16 support, which increases AI throughput by reducing the amount of data required for the same accuracy. Developers can use and test the latest Intel-optimized versions of TensorFlow and PyTorch to train their models using bfloat16, and the Intel distribution of OpenVINO to deploy optimized inference from cloud to edge. In Q2, both our cloud and comms service provider businesses grew more than 40% year-over-year as critical cloud-delivered applications continued to scale and 5G build-outs accelerated. Leading cloud service providers, including Alibaba, Baidu, Facebook and Tencent, announced they are adopting our third-gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors into their infrastructure and services. Also this quarter, Azure introduced several new Xeon Scalable instances, including general purpose and memory-optimized Azure Virtual Machines. We were also excited to be a part of an industry first with Rakuten’s full-scale commercial launch of its mobile carrier service. This service is the world’s first end-to-end fully virtualized cloud-native mobile network and it’s powered by Intel processors and FPGAs from the radio access network to the 5G-ready mobile core. Compute capabilities are moving from the cloud to the edge and catalyzing a vast array of new usages and market opportunities. The largest opportunity we see at the edge is the $230 billion 2030 TAM for ADAS, data and mobility-as-a-service technologies. Since the last call, we acquired Moovit, a leading mobility-as-a-service solution company. Combining Mobileye’s market-leading ADAS and AV technologies with Moovit accelerates our ability to become a full-stack mobility provider and truly revolutionize transportation. The most important demonstration of the power of our technologies is the commitment of our customers, and we were excited this week to announce a significant design win with Ford. Design wins to date in 2020 include multiple new ADAS production programs representing cumulative volume of over 20 million units. We’re also driving incredible innovation for our customers across a wide spectrum of PC use cases. This quarter, we introduced three new additions to our 10th gen processor family, extending our leadership in gaming and business. The Core S and H series processors for desktop and mobile gaming deliver speeds out of the box reaching up to 5.3 gigahertz, making them the world’s fastest gaming processors, and our new 10th Gen Intel Core vPro processors delivered uncompromised productivity and hardware-based security for commercial PCs. Q2 also marked the launch of Lakefield, featuring our new Intel Hybrid Technology, which is a hybrid CPU architecture for power and performance scalability. We also continue to work on improving our execution. Intel employees and our supply chain partners have role-modeled teamwork in navigating difficult conditions while working to support customer upsides during this crisis. We have made significant progress in increasing our capacity and improving our supply, while delivering $2 billion above our plans through the first six months of the year. We’re on track to return to more normal levels of PC inventory as we work through the second half of the year. Acceleration of our next-generation products continues. We now expect to increase our 10-nanometer-based product shipments for the year by more than 20% versus our January expectations. Customer demand for our family of 10-nanometer -based SoCs for 5G base station designs is also very strong. We delivered a full node of performance improvement within our 14-nanometer-based products by optimizing our product and process together, and the power of our intranode improvements continues with our next-generation 10-nanometer-based client product, Tiger Lake. Tiger Lake delivers breakthrough performance in CPU, graphics and AI, and will be shipping to customers in a matter of weeks. We are also targeting initial production shipments of our first 10-nanometer-based Xeon Scalable product, Ice Lake, for the end of the year. And we have a pipeline of exciting new product architectures for 2021, led by Alder Lake for client and Sapphire Rapids for server. Both products will start initial production shipments in the second half of 2021. Let me provide some updates on our technology roadmap. We continue to demonstrate proof points of our breakthrough advanced packaging technologies. Our Lakefield product, which I mentioned earlier, delivers scale production of our 3D packaging technology, Foveros, combining both 10-nanometer and 22-nanometer capabilities in a disaggregated architecture. This quarter also marked a significant milestone in our data center GPU technology. We successfully powered on a petaflop-scale GPU with high bandwidth memory using our advanced embedded multi-die interconnect bridge or EMIB 2D packaging technology. Turning to our 7-nanometer technology. We are seeing an approximate six-month shift in our 7-nanometer -based CPU product timing relative to prior expectations. The primary driver is the yield of our 7-nanometer process, which based on recent data, is now trending approximately 12 months behind our internal target. We have identified a defect mode in our 7-nanometer process that resulted in yield degradation. We’ve root-caused the issue and believe there are no fundamental roadblocks, but we have also invested in contingency plans to hedge against further schedule uncertainty. We’re mitigating the impact of the process delay on our product schedules by leveraging improvements in design methodology such as die disaggregation and advanced packaging. We have learned from the challenges in our 10-nanometer transition and have a milestone-driven approach to ensure our product competitiveness is not impacted by our process technology roadmap. Our overarching priority is to deliver product leadership for our customers, and we are taking the right steps to produce a strong lineup of leadership products. We will continue to invest in our future process technology roadmap, but we will be pragmatic and objective in deploying the process technology that delivers the most predictability and performance for our customers, whether that be in our process, external foundry process or a combination of both. Our advanced packaging technologies combined with our disaggregated architecture give us tremendous flexibility to use the process technology that best serves our customers. As an example, our data center GPU design, Ponte Vecchio, will now be released in late 2021 or early 2022, utilizing external and internal process technologies combined with our world-leading packaging technologies. We now expect to see initial production shipments of our first Intel-based 7-nanometer product, a client CPU in late 2022 or early 2023. We are also focused on maintaining an annual cadence of significant product improvements independent of our process roadmap, including the holiday refresh window of 2022. In addition, we expect to see initial production shipments of our first Intel-based 7-nanometer data center CPU design in the first half of 2023. Finally, while process technology is very important, it is only one of the six technology pillars of innovation that drive differentiation in our products. You will hear more about advances across all six technology pillars, process; packaging; architecture; memory; interconnect; and security/software at the upcoming Intel Architecture Day. Last, we are focused on the thoughtful allocation of your capital. We are investing to grow our capabilities even as we deliver significant free cash flow this year. Since 2015, we have grown R&D spending by more than $1 billion while divesting non-core assets and reducing overall spending as a percentage of revenue by 9 points. We also look for opportunities to augment our product lines and speed the pace at which we can grow the Company. As discussed earlier, we acquired Moovit this quarter, investing approximately $900 million to dramatically accelerate our capability to capitalize on the $160 billion mobility-as-a-service opportunity. We also announced a $250 million investment in Jio Platforms, a high-speed wireless connectivity and digital services provider, to help fuel digital transformation in India. Our purpose to deliver world-changing technology that enriches the lives of every person on earth has never been more essential. But the global problems we face are bigger than any one company can solve alone. That’s why we established 2030 corporate responsibility goals, which call for a collective response to revolutionize health and safety, make technology fully inclusive and help address climate change. We’ve also committed more than $50 million and extended our expertise, global reach and influence to combat COVID-19 as well as social injustice. The early results of our Pandemic Response Technology Initiative, which we announced earlier this week, underscore Intel’s unique ability to partner and collectively solve critical problems. In closing, I want to thank all our employees who are working through this challenging time to deliver our purpose and support our customers.
George Davis: Thanks, Bob and good afternoon, everyone. The atypical seasonal effects of COVID-related demand for mobility products and data center infrastructure continued in Q2, resulting in record Q2 revenue for CCG, DCG and memory. Revenue came in at $19.7 billion, up 20% year-on-year and $1.2 billion higher than guide. Data-centric revenue of $10.2 billion, up 34% year-on-year, represented 52% of our total revenue, an-all time high. Strong demand for NAND and 5G networking solutions and richer server mix drove most of the upside versus our expectations. Q2 PC-centric revenue was $9.5 billion, up 7% year-on-year on strong notebook PC sales, enabled through increase manufacturing supply on capacity additions over the past year. Gross margin for the quarter was 55%, slightly below expectations on higher product costs from faster uptake of our 5G ASIC products, which are margin dilutive relative to the Company average and also continued acceleration of 10-nanometer products overall, partially offset by a shift of costs from cost of sales to R&D related to 7-nanometer product timing. As a reminder, we expected an approximate 3-point reduction in gross margin in the second quarter on the effect of pre-PRQ reserves for our Tiger Lake client product. This is largely a timing item with respect to the full year as we benefit from the zero dollar units in our initial sales of product, which will begin this quarter. Operating margin of 31% in the quarter was approximately flat versus last year as spending efficiency offset lower gross margin. Q2 EPS was $1.23, $0.13 above our guide as stronger than expected operating results from notebook, memory and a richer mix of server products, along with higher gains in our trading asset portfolios, offset increased costs from our 10-nanometer acceleration and the effects of a discrete foreign tax item. In Q2, we generated $11.2 billion in operating cash flow, and invested $3.4 billion in CapEx with $7.7 billion of free cash flow, up 92% year-over-year. We returned $1.4 billion to shareholders via dividends. As a reminder, we paused our share repurchase program in Q1 as we felt it was prudent to do so in the current economic environment. We expect to complete the balance of our $20 billion share repurchase program and return to our historical capital return practices when market dynamics stabilize. Moving to segment performance in Q2. Data Center Group revenue of $7.1 billion was up 43% from the prior year, coming in higher than expectations with strength across our customer segments. Year-over-year platform volumes in ASPs were up 29% and 5% respectively. DCG adjacencies also delivered significant growth with revenue up 118% year-on-year on strong adoption of 5G networking solutions. While year-over-year comparisons for DCG benefited from a weaker Q2 ‘19, revenue in the quarter came in at the second highest level ever for DCG and the highest revenue ever in our cloud business. Revenue year-over-year was up 47% in cloud, 34% in enterprise and government, and 44% for communications service providers. Operating margin was 44%, up 8% year-on-year on higher revenue and high-end compute mix. We see increased competition this year but we’ve also seen strong customer response to our product portfolio and now expect to end the year with market share that is somewhat higher than our original expectations. Our other data-centric businesses were up 14% year-over-year, primarily on the NAND dynamics in Q2, despite significant COVID headwinds impacting demand in our more GDP sensitive businesses, IOTG and Mobileye. IOTG revenue and operating income declined 32% and 76% respectively, primarily on lower revenue from industrial, retail and vision segments. Mobileye revenue was down 27% and operating income turned to a modest loss as the decline in global auto sales more than offset continued ADAS penetration and new IQ program launches. NSG’s record quarterly revenue of approximately $1.7 billion was up 76% year-on-year on strong NAND bit growth and improved pricing. Q2 was an all time record for quarterly revenue for our memory business. The business also returned to profitability this quarter, generating approximately $300 million in operating income. PSG revenue grew 2% year-over-year on cloud strength, which was partially offset by weaker demand from embedded and communications segments. Operating income was up 54% on richer product mix and improved unit costs. CCG revenue was $9.5 billion in Q2, up 7% year-over-year, driven by notebook demand and higher modem and Wi-Fi sales, which more than offset lower desktop volumes. PC unit volumes were up 2% year-over-year on higher notebook demand and increased supply. We expect our share to improve throughout the remainder of the year as we begin to recover unit share in notebooks utilizing our smaller Core products, which we have not been able to fully serve given the strength of demand for our large Core products. Operating margin was 30%, down 12 points year-on-year as higher unit costs associated with the ramp of 10-nanometer products and the pre-PRQ reserves ahead of our Q3 Tiger Lake launch more than offset the benefits of higher revenue. Moving now to our third quarter outlook. Based on demand signals from our customers, we expect continued strength in cloud and comms infrastructure and consumer notebook PCs in Q3. But we expect that the weak economic environment will impact our commercial PC business, particularly the desktop form factor, and also drive lower demand for the enterprise and government segment in DCG and in IOTG and Mobileye. As a result, we expect total revenue of $18.2 billion with PC-centric and data-centric businesses down mid-single digits year-over-year. In Q3, we expect the PC TAM to be down high single digits year-over-year on OEM inventory draw-down softer desktop demand and the effects of the global recession. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 57%, down 3.5 points year-over-year as accelerated ramp of 10-nanometer products and lower platform revenue more than offset NAND margin improvement. We are expecting a tax rate of approximately 15.5% in Q3. This is approximately 2 to 2.5 points above our previous expectations, primarily due to a lower FDII [ph] benefit in the year, a temporary reduction in R&D tax credits in California, and the effect of a push-out of a foreign grant. The higher tax rate is reducing our EPS in the quarter by approximately $0.03 versus our prior rate expectation. As a result, Q3 EPS is expected to be approximately $1.10 per share. Moving to full year. We’re providing full year guidance although visibility remains somewhat limited into the fourth quarter. Still, we do expect some part or the Company’s first half outperformance will be additive to our estimate for full year revenue. We are now forecasting revenue of $75 billion and EPS of approximately $4.85. We expect our PC-centric business to be flat to slightly down against the PC TAM that is down mid-single-digits year-over-year. Following a very strong first half of the year, we expect demand trends to moderate in the second half as weaker global GDP and the maturing Win 10 commercial refresh drive a lower PC TAM. Again, we also expect to increase our market segment share as we have greater supply for entry PC designs. Additionally, we are forecasting lower modem revenue in the second half. We expect revenue from our data-centric businesses to be up approximately 10% for the full year on strong cloud demand and increased 5G buildouts. After significant cloud expansion in the first half and into Q3, we expect capacity expansion to moderate as CSPs move to a digestion phase. We’re also planning for an increasingly competitive environment as we move into the second half. We expect continued global GDP-related impacts to our IOTG and Mobileye businesses in the second half of the year. Overall, our implied first half, second half revenue contribution is an anomalous 53% to 47%, as opposed to a more typical year with underserved seasonal buying patterns of 46% and 54%, respectively. Gross margin is expected to be 58% for the year, down 1 point versus our reasonable expectations for the year and 2 points lower year-over-year. This change is being largely driven by higher costs from higher than expected demand for our 10-nanometer products, and the push out of a government grant for our memory business. These effects coupled with softness in our IoT businesses, more than offset the stronger overall demand, improved mix in DCG, and the shift in some spending between OpEx and cost of sales related to the product timing delays Bob discussed earlier. Spending for the year is expected to be approximately $19.7 billion or 26% of revenue, down one point year-on-year. Full year spending is up versus our January expectations on higher R&D expenditures, including the previously discussed shift between OpEx and cost of sales, and costs related to COVID, partially offsetting the cost reductions on the modem exit and other portfolio actions, as well as ongoing SG&A productivity gains. The resulting operating margin is 32%, down 1 point, year-over-year. The tax rate is expected to be 14.5%, reflecting the impact of discrete items and the lower FDII benefit. Full year EPS of $4.85 is $0.15 below our January expectations as increased server and notebook PC demand, and slightly higher equity gains are more than offset by COVID-related impacts to IOTG and Mobileye, higher product costs from accelerating 10-nanometer, a higher tax rate and the impact of improving our liquidity by raising additional debt and temporarily pausing our share buyback. The combination of our liquidity actions and the higher tax rate alone impact full year EPS by more than $0.15. We expect 2020 CapEx of approximately $15 billion and free cash flow of approximately $17.5 billion. To conclude, I’d like to join Bob in thanking our employees worldwide. Very much appreciate the hard work of our employees and contractors who delivered excellent results in the face of a very difficult environment. With that, I’ll hand it back to Trey and we’ll get to your questions.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig into the competitive and the financial implications of the 7-nanometer delays that Bob you mentioned. So, on the competitive side, by the time you come up with 7, TSMC is planning to be on the 3-nanometer, so will still be a generation ahead. So, what’s the market share implication of that? And then, related on the financial side, what’s the CapEx and gross margin implications, and even pricing implications if you stay on 10-nanometer longer next year? And I guess, the bigger question that a lot of investors would have is, at what point Intel should just consider outsourcing a lot more to foundries, so that you can keep in line with the state-of-the-art and manufacturing technologies? 
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. I mean, first, our primary focus is on ensuring that we’re delivering leadership, an annual cadence of leadership products each and every year for our customers in a predictable manner. So, what we talked about today is a strong lineup for 2020, 2021, 2022 for both client and server. And we feel very good about that lineup. And our expectation on 10-nanometer, much like what we’re able to do on 14-nanometer is to get another node of performance within that -- within 10-nanometer in and of itself. So, we feel very good about our product roadmap through 2022. That being said, as we think about that next generation of products in late ‘22 and ‘23 and beyond, we need to make sure that we continue to deliver strong performance. And our priority in the ideal world is leadership products on our process technology, so we capture the economic benefits of IDM. But, the focus will be leadership products. So, to the extent that we need to use somebody else’s process technology and we call those contingency plans, we will be prepared to do that. And if we do, there’s lots of moving parts. But, the economic implications in the event that we decide to move to somebody else’s foundry, and with our scale, how do you get ASPs in line with our costs, continue to deliver leadership products, so we capture attractive ASPs, and reduce the amount of capital that we have to deploy to build a foundry on an older node, or on a last gen kind of process node. So, in the aggregate, for the last couple of years with the real focus on product leadership, we’ve been engaging with the ecosystem in a much more holistic way. We’ve been designing our products and advancing our packaging technologies, so that we have much more flexibility to decide if when we will use our fabs or somebody else’s to deliver that annual cadence for leadership products. We feel very good through ‘22 timeframe. And now, we’re evaluating the optionality that we have on ‘23 and beyond.
George Davis: Hey, Vivek. Let me just comment on your question around what we’re going to see -- what we might see next year? Next year is still going to be, as it was, when we talked about last in May ‘19 is still going to be largely a 10-nanometer with some 14-nanometer year. And the dynamics there are, as we’re coming into it with having moved a little bit further along the yield curve, as we’ve seen more demand for 10-nanometer products in 2020 than we had expected. So, we’re not going to update ‘21 at this time. But, I think, we’re more concerned about what the global economy is doing than where we are on 10-nanometer.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, a follow-up question on the 7-nanometer delay. I guess, curious, how should we think about the implications for CapEx and required capacity adds at 10-nanometer and 14-nanometer? And then, just to circle back on the comment around contingency plans after ‘22. Considering your first data center CPU will launch in first half ‘23, are you suggesting that that could be found out and not be built internally at Intel? Thank you.
Bob Swan: I think, the first part of your question, with 2022 be in -- in essence say, it’s full array of 10-nanometer product, the expectation is, all else equal, little more 10-nanometer spend and less 7-nanometers spend, provided we decide to continue to do all of our production inside. In the event we decide that we’re going to leverage third-party foundries more effectively, we would add a little more 10 and a lot less 7. And that’s kind of the optionality that we’ve try to build in as we evaluate the future of Moore’s law. And that’s in technology development leadership. In the event we’re not there and there’s a better alternative, be prepared to take advantage of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Sticking on the same topic of 7-nanometer. Bob, if you could just help me understand yields are 12 months behind where you would expect them but the product ramp is only 6. If you could square that circle that’d be helpful. But more importantly, you had multiple sort of push-outs of 10-nanometer. You’re identifying this 7-nanometer push-out today. What confidence level do you have that this is sort of a one and done issue and it doesn’t turn in to a repeat of 10 where you kind of had multiple periods of push-outs?
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. I mean, first, product schedule slippage of roughly two quarters while process we expect now to be roughly four quarters. The difference of the gap is driven by a couple of things. One, a buffer and our planning process between process and product to make sure that we don’t -- minimal disruption on customers, because of process. Second, as I’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks, die disaggregation and advanced packaging gives us the ability for a given SoC to do some stuff inside and some stuff outside, and therefore further compress the product delivery in light of process slippage. So, that’s why, we’ve been able to be confident in a six-month products slip, even though process was moving out 12 months. In terms of -- I think your second question was about, we’ve seen this movie before, maybe. And I think, the important of our many lessons coming out of 10-nanometer. One of them was how do we ensure that we have contingency plans, in the event that our advancements in process technology, as it gets increasingly complicated, do not play out the way we hope, how do we make sure that we can continue to deliver leadership products for our customers on that annual cadence? So, I’m sure things won’t play out exactly the way we want. We think we’ve dialed in a 7. But, at the same time, what’s different is we’re going to be pretty pragmatic about if and when we should be making stuff inside or making outside and making sure that we have optionality to build internally, mix and match, inside and outside or go outside in its entirety, if we need to. And that’s kind of one of our learnings coming out of 10 is in the event process doesn’t move along as we expect, let’s make absolutely sure with advanced contingency planning, and real milestones that we can switch the best we can to leverage somebody else and not slip product schedules in light of process complexities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. I’m going to stick with the theme and ask about the 7-nanometer as well. I guess, Bob, it’s great to hear that you’re being -- you’re saying you’re going to be more pragmatic about internal versus external. But, it seems like contingency plan three years down the road is how the external option is being treated. I think investors are frustrated with how long this execution on manufacturing has happened. Are there steps where instead of being a contingency plan, you actually start making the external side the primary source before 2023? Obviously on the design side, more than the revenue side. And maybe a follow-up, if three to five years down the road, the 20-80, 20 external, 80 internal mix, do you think that changes?
Bob Swan: Maybe, I’ll flip those around. Over the last couple of years, we’ve been talking about, as we expand our capacity, evaluating more holistically, when do we use third-party foundries, rather than do everything ourselves. And we call that engaging in the ecosystem in much more holistic ways for a variety of different reasons, so we don’t have to build everything ourselves as the capital associated with each node becomes a bit higher. So, in general, I would say for planning purposes, we’ve been engaging with the ecosystem much more. And all else equal, I would expect that roughly 28% to be a little bit higher as we focus on growing the business. Your first question in terms of planning then, we feel like we have a real solid product roadmap, again for the second half of this year for ‘21 and for ‘22 and that we’ll do it on our existing 10-nanometer that’s ramping fast than we expected, it yields in line with what we expected. So, for the near-term, we think we got a great lineup of products and we expect to fight and protect our share, while standing the role we play in a variety of different places in the industry. But, now is when we’re planning for ‘20, ‘23. And we are evaluating now in light of where we are, where we think the industries, the competition or third parties are, evaluating now what’s the best option for us to make sure that we can deliver an annual cadence of product leadership for our customers. And those decisions are not decisions that we’ll make in 2023. Those decisions, based on the information that we have along the way, will be made long before then. Whether it’s decisions that are about how much capacity we need to put in place or decisions about how do we leverage more effectively somebody else’s process capabilities and factories, so that we can get real good incremental returns on capital deployed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: I want to ask about the acceleration in 10-nanometer. Is this really because yields are getting better and there is higher demand, or because you’re trying to offset the 7-nanometer delay? Because it’s hitting the margins big time, which doesn’t really tie in my head to like yields getting hugely better versus where you thought they were going to be in January. So, how do we think about the drivers of that 7-nanometer acceleration in light of the 7 -- or 10-nanometer acceleration in light of the 7-nanometer delay, given what’s going on with margins?
George Davis: Hey Stacy, this is George. Maybe I’ll just cover it in general on the margin picture for the year. So, this clearly -- it’s having an impact there. The acceleration is really definitionally tied to the fact that we’re growing faster than we expected in 2020 and where part of that growth is a higher mix on the PC side and I would say on the comms and 5G ASIC side, higher demand for products that are on 10-nanometer than we have forecast for the year. So, that’s why you’re seeing a little less flow-through on revenue than we would have expected for the year. It’s a positive growth story in that. Again, we’re seeing customers attracted to the 10-nanometer product… 
Stacy Rasgon: Wait a minute. If I look at your annual guidance now versus [Technical Difficulty] higher, but it’s actually lower in the second half versus what you had implied when you first gave the annual guidance six months ago. How does that imply that demand is higher versus where you were, given you’ve actually lowered the second half?
George Davis: It’s the demand for 10-nanometer products within the mix of our overall revenue space.
Bob Swan: Well, I think I’ll start with our full year demand relative to where we were at the beginning of the year is our guidance is up by $1.5 billion in revenue.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. But you just…
Bob Swan: Let me just finish this. I think it’s a good question that maybe if you could give me a chance to answer it. So, full year demand to the Company is higher. Secondly, the yields for 10-nanometer, we’ve kind of said are in line with what we expected coming into the year through the first six months. And we feel pretty good about where we are on yields. Third, the overall demand for our products on PC side and for the 5G SoC in the comms sector is higher than we expected. That is part of the contribution to the $1.5 billion of higher revenue for the year. And as we accelerate 10 faster, both because customers are demanding it more, the implications are that our margins all else equal, will be lower. And George kind of highlighted those are the primary drivers of a 1 point decline. 10-nanometer products are ramping faster and our 5G comms business in the data center group is growing much quicker than we had anticipated. I put that -- I put ramping of 10-nanometer faster in the good category. We feel -- we know margins are lower when we start a new node versus exit an old node. 10-nanometer margins are lower than 14 at this stage of the game. Ramping 10, we think it’s a good thing for customers. We do take a dip in yield if it’s more of our growth than we had anticipated. All else equal margins will be a little bit lower. And that’s kind of the updated guidance for the year. Higher growth in a more challenging market, more demand for our 10-nanometer products that we’re ramping as we -- ramping yields as we expected with more volume all else equal will have a modest impact on our gross margin for the full year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask also on the same manufacturing topic. So, I think, Bob, when you were talking about Ponte Vecchio, I think you said that you’re going to package it internally, but it seemed like you were implying an external foundry contingency, even for this first GPU product. I guess, my question is, did I read that right? And also, I wanted to ask George, what the long-term implications are, if you move to somebody else’s fab? What does this do to your 57% to 63% long-term gross margin? And how does it impact free cash flow? I mean, obviously, it saves you on CapEx but can it be accretive to free cash flow?
Bob Swan: Yes. On Ponte Vecchio, originally the architecture of Ponte Vecchio includes an IO based die, connectivity, a GPU and some memory tiles, all kind of package together. That’s kind of the design of Ponte Vecchio. From the beginning, we would do some of those tiles inside and some of those tiles outside, and again leverage the packaging technology as a proof point of how do we mix and match different designs into one package. So, that was the design from the beginning. And again, when we talk about disaggregation, more flexibility, optionality in our designs, use some stuff inside some stuff outside, Ponte Vecchio is really -- Ponte Vecchio on the data center side and Lakefield on the client side, were kind of our test products, both -- one of which we’ve launched, the other one which is in development. So, that design disaggregation gives us lots of flexibility. As we go forward now, we can think about whether we introduce Ponte Vecchio with -- I think, I said some of those tiles are inside and outside from the beginning. Now, as we go forward, we can assess whether we swap out one of our tiles for a third-party foundry or not. Again, that’s the beauty and value of this change and design methodology that gives us much more optionality and flexibility. So, in the event, there’s a process slip, we can buy something rather than make it all ourselves.
George Davis: And with respect to the long-term outlook, first off, our long-term margin outlook is not 57%, we’ve talked about it being well above that over time. But in terms of as we dynamically move, potentially move product depending on where it is best provided, I think that certainly gives us more flexibility to optimize our capital spend, get a higher return on that capital spend. And it should be accretive to free cash flow. So, we talked a little bit about that actually back in May of ‘19 that embracing the ecosystem and balancing some of our activity externally is going to be important as we look to improving returns over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Weston Twigg with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: I wanted to ask about the data-centric revenue heading into Q3. The mid-single-digit decline year-over-year implies a pretty big decline from Q2. You helped a little bit on the call, but I’m wondering if you could help us better understand the reason for that big quarterly drop. And kind of as an aside, you also mentioned increased competition in DCG in the second half, and I’m just wondering what exactly you were referring to on that side?
George Davis: As you look at the data-centric revenue, we’ll see a number of factors that play. Obviously, year-over-year you’re going to see the impact of the fall of in IoT and in Mobileye. But what we’re seeing in the data -- or the DCG side is, we think we peaked on cloud in the second quarter, and it was an all time record, so not a bad peak. We’ve probably peaked back in Q4 of ‘19 on enterprise and government. And while it was reasonably strong in Q1, it’s -- you can see it coming down over the next few quarters. It may have -- it often has a little bit of a bounce in Q4, we’ll have to see. And our comms provider, I would say, we expect Q2 to have been a peak there. And it’ll start rolling off from there. So, everything on the DCG side is got a step down from a very strong Q2 and probably continues down on cloud and comms as our current outlook. Does that help?
Weston Twigg: Yes. That’s helpful. And then, the comment on increased competition in DCG in second half?
George Davis: Yes. We expected, based on the competition’s product roadmap that we would see increasing competition in the second half of this year. We also thought -- we’ve been a little bit pleasantly surprised in the strength of the demand for our products in the first half of the year and it’s continuing into the second half. So, we don’t think the impact will be quite as large competitively in the second half as we had thought. And as I said on PC, we think we’re going to actually gain share.
Bob Swan: When we guided back in January, in the context of our guidance, we made that statement. So, George is just reiterating that we see a more competitive world and we’ll be prepared to deal with it. And we factored that into our outlook for the second half of the year.
Trey Campbell: Operator, I think, we have time for one more question, and then we’ll turn the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Srini Pajjuri with SMBC Nikko.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you, George. I have a question about your guidance for the full year. I think, it implies DCG declining again in Q4, pretty much in double-digit sequentially. So, just trying to understand, I mean is it primarily because of digestion that you talked about? And also, if you can talk about to what extent do you have visibility into Q4 or are you just taking a conservative stance because you just simply don’t have visibility into Q4?
George Davis: I think, as I said on the last question that we have a reasonable view that spending is going to be coming down in the cloud and in enterprise and even comms, off very-high levels. And we expect that we continue into Q4. And so, again, I think, when we look at the full year, stronger than expected overall. This would be -- in many ways, we’re delighted to be as close to our forecast as we were given all of the things going on in the world. But again, we’ve seen very strong demand peaking for cloud in the third quarter -- excuse me, the second quarter, peaking for comms in the second quarter, and it’s just going to be a period of a little bit of digestion as one would expect.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes. Let me just kind of close out and end where we began. First, over the last couple years, as you know, we’ve expanded our TAM in the quest to play a much larger role in our customers’ success by investing in key leading technologies like 5G, AI and intelligence at the edge. And we feel pretty good about the investments that we’ve been making. And last year, we wrapped up our year best year in the Company’s history, entering2020. Obviously, this year has been an incredibly challenging year on multiple fronts. But, at the same time, we expect ‘20 to be the best year in our Company’s history, our fifth record year in a row, delivering better results than we expected in January at a time when the market is worse than we expected. So, competitively, we feel stronger as we exit 2020. Third point I’d make is our execution is improved. Capacity and supply is in place. We’re ramping a slew of 10-nanometer products across our portfolio. We are ramping 10 faster than we had planned. And we have a strong pipeline over the next several years. And we believe we can deliver another node of performance on 10-nanometer itself. Fourth point, at the same time, our 7-nanometer products will be delayed. We pushed out the timing of the 7-nanometer node. But along the way, we have taken steps, die disaggregation, advanced packaging, deeper engagement with the ecosystem and contingency planning as a sign of strength, not as a sign of weakness that gives us much more flexibility to make the decisions where it’s the most effective way to build our products to deliver that annual cadence of leadership for our customers. And we feel pretty good about where we are, though we’re not happy. I’m not pleased with our 7-nanometer process performance. But, as we sit here today, six months through the year, our people are safe. We’re delivering for our customers. The communities we operate in are better as a result of our presence and the passion of our employees for making a difference. And next 90 days from now, we’ll talk more about our efforts to create world-changing technologies that continue to enrich the lives of every person on earth. So, thanks for joining us. And we’ll talk to you soon.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Bob. And thank you all for joining us today. Operator, could you please go ahead and wrap up the call?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s program, Trey Campbell, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel’s first quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you’ve not received both documents, they’re available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I’m joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we’ll be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Trey, and thank you all for joining our call. We had an outstanding Q1 in the midst of incredibly challenging circumstances. We generated $19.8 billion in revenue, expanded operating margin by 10 points and delivered $1.45 in earnings per share. We exceeded our guidance by $800 million on the top line and $0.15 on the bottom line. Our data-centric businesses grew 34% and now represent approximately 51% of the Company’s revenue, and our PC-centric business grew 14%. We’ll talk about business trends later, but first, I want to thank and commend all the Intel employees and supply chain partners who have helped keep our business operating during this unprecedented challenge. I want to give a special praise to those in our factories and labs and other on-site personnel who have role modeled the values of our company every day and every shift. I am so incredibly proud of your effort and commitment. I also want to thank the rest of our employees who are largely working remotely to help support the social distancing requirements of those that need to work from our sites. Ensuring the safety and well-being of our global workforce has and will continue to be our number one priority. That’s why we are investing more than $100 million in additional benefits to aid and support employees, including a special recognition award for employees that have been working on site. Intel’s purpose is to create world-changing technology that enriches the lives of every person on earth. Never before has our delivery of that purpose been more essential. Intel technology runs 95% of the world’s Internet communication and government digital infrastructure. And in a world where many of us are working remotely and socially distancing, the PCs and networking technologies delivered by Intel and our customers are providing a unifying fabric that’s bringing us closer together, helping those directly struggling with the virus or caring for those who are enabling remote classrooms so that our children can continue to learn and connecting governments and businesses so they can operate and deliver goods and services. Around the world, Intel platforms that support telemedicines have also taken on greater importance since the outbreak of COVID-19 as hospitals and health care workers scale to meet the increasing demand for care. Our products and capabilities are also delivering vital computing power for medical research, robotics for assisted patient care and artificial intelligence and data analytics for public health. We recognize that our local and global communities need us to continue delivering technology to help overcome this COVID-19 challenge, and we’re fully focused on that task. Our world-class safety standards have allowed our factories to continue to operate safely on a relatively normal basis with greater than 90% on-time delivery. We only allow employees in our factories who are essential to the factories’ operations. By design, our clean rooms and factories are among the cleanest places in the world. While most of our construction projects have remained operational, we have had to temporarily pause a few projects due to local government restrictions at a small number of our sites. We will restart those projects in due course, and we expect these interruptions to have minimal impact on our ramp and no impact on our process technology transition time line. We also realized that solving the enormous challenge of COVID-19 requires catalyzing the world’s innovation in new ways. Intel is committed to accelerating access to technology that can combat the current pandemic and enable new technology and scientific discovery to better prepare society for future crisis. To that end, we’ve pledged $50 million in a global pandemic response technology initiative to combat the coronavirus through improved access to technology at the point of patient care, to speed scientific research and to ensure access to online learning for students and teachers. We are also granting free access to our IP to all COVID-19 researchers and scientists. At the same time, we also know that our communities need help right now. Between Intel and our foundation, we are providing $10 million towards coronavirus relief in the communities where we have significant presence. This will aid community organizations focused on food security, shelter, medical equipment and small business support. We also want to assist our communities’ critically important health care workers in any way possible, so we have committed more than 1 million items of personal protective equipment. We have already started delivering masks, gloves, face shields and other gear that we’ve sourced from our supply chain and inventory on hand to local health authorities who are best positioned to determine the areas of greatest need. Beyond Intel’s donations, our employees inspire us every day with the many ways they are applying their skills, generous spirit and technical innovation to help people and communities across the globe persevere through this crisis. George will give more detail on what we’re seeing and expect in the business. But first, I want to reiterate our strategy and priorities. Even as COVID-19 drives significant disruptions across the globe, our long-term strategy, to deliver the world’s best semiconductors for an increasingly data-centric world, is unchanged. And the environment is uncertain, but our priorities are unwavering. We are focused on accelerating the growth of the company, improving our execution and continuing to thoughtfully deploy your capital. Over the last several years, we’ve transformed the company and are now positioned to grow our share in the largest market opportunity in our history. We live in a world where everything increasingly looks like a computer, including our homes, our cars, our cities, our hospitals and our factories. Additionally, we have redefined Intel Inside to include much more than the CPU as we’ve expanded our silicon offering to include ASICS, FPGAS, GPUs and Optane, among other capabilities. Our opportunity set is more and more Intel silicon inside more and more computers so that we can have a larger impact on our customers’ success. And our quarterly results demonstrate the benefits of that diversity. Nowhere is growth accelerating more than in our cloud and networking businesses where we are helping our customers transform the way they move, store and process data. Through this crisis, the world’s cloud and network infrastructure has delivered massive scaling to support vital workloads for businesses and consumers. Cloud-delivered applications seen as conveniences a quarter ago, such as online shopping and video collaboration, have now become indispensable. We scaled our cloud and communication service provider businesses by 53% and 33% year-over-year, respectively, to help our customers meet these growing needs. These two segments now drive 70% of our data center segment revenue. New usages and market needs are also pushing compute resources closer to the data source or point-of-service delivery, giving rise to an increasingly intelligent edge. Our edge business delivers a wide range of platforms, including some innovative solutions that are helping the medical community tackle COVID-19. One example is Medical Informatics’ Sickbay platform. Powered by Intel technology, this solution can turn beds into virtual ICU beds in minutes, helping protect critical health care workers while expanding their care capacity significantly. Houston Methodist Hospital deployed Sickbay for its virtual ICU and was able to leverage it within one day to support remote monitoring of its COVID-19 patients without risking exposure to care providers. We are also partnering closely with Medtronic and Dyson as they use Intel technologies to deliver much needed ventilators. We also continue to demonstrate significant progress in ADAS and autonomous driving. While auto vehicle production is largely stalled, Mobileye delivered another proof point, demonstrating its leadership position with a landmark first-ever design win with a major Asian OEM. Finally, we see AI as a significant growth opportunity and are embedding AI capability into everything we make. AI has the power to reimagine how we solve problems across industries, including cutting-edge health care diagnostics, for example, in China, Intel teams with Lenovo and BGI Genomics to accelerate the analysis of genomic characteristics of COVID-19. Our combined work will further advance the capabilities of BGI sequencing tools to help scientists investigate transmission patterns of the virus and create better diagnostic methods. And in India, we are working with government labs, academia and industry to achieve faster and cheaper testing, accelerate drug discovery through virus genome sequencing and help architect a pandemic response platform. We acquired Habana in the fourth quarter of last year to strengthen our AI portfolio and accelerate our efforts in a nascent, fast-growing AI silicon market that we expect will grow to $25 billion by 2024. This quarter, we have largely completed the integration. We consolidated product road maps, aligned software resources and are executing to our deal thesis. We are also now sampling Habana’s first deep learning training processor to large CSPs. I’ll now take a few minutes to discuss how we’re executing to our supply and road map objectives. Shortly after our January call, we started to see the impact of COVID-19 in China, force many of our ODM partners to extend Chinese New Year factory shutdowns. ODM partners have now returned to work, and production is increasing every week. As I mentioned earlier, our factories remain operational. And in Q1, we are able to mitigate most of the COVID-19-related supply chain disruptions and fulfill all of our customers’ committed client CPU orders as expected. We remain on track to add sufficient wafer capacity this year so that we meet market demand and restore our PC unit inventory to more normal levels. Near-term PC demand has increased due to work from home and online learning, but the second half demand picture is more uncertain. We continue to assess how COVID-19 impacts to the economy will offset the immediate catalysts for more remote work and will balance wafer start plans accordingly. We have made strong progress on a wave of 10-nanometer-based product introductions this year. This quarter, we announced the new Intel Atom P5900 SoC, Snow Ridge, a 10-nanometer-based new addition to our portfolio of 5G capabilities. We are a leading silicon provider in 5G infrastructure, and Snow Ridge expands our reach to the fullest edges of the network. With major design wins at Ericsson, Nokia and ZTE, we expect to be the base station market segment leader by 2021, a year earlier than previously committed. In the middle of this year, we’ll debut our next-generation mobile processor, Tiger Lake. Using our second-generation 10-nanometer process, Tiger Lake will deliver breakthrough performance, and our customers have more than 50 fantastic Tiger Lake-based notebook designs lined up for the holiday season. Finally, in the latter part of 2020, we continue to expect initial production shipments of our first 10-nanometer-based Xeon Scalable product, Ice Lake. While product development in a work-from-home environment is extremely challenging, we are largely on track for our 2020 product deliverables. We are always mindful of our role as stewards and thoughtful allocators of your capital. We generate significant cash flow and have an excellent balance sheet. We’re committed to our dividends, and we repurchased $4.2 billion in shares during the quarter. In light of the uncertainty, we took some actions to dramatically strengthen our liquidity position that we felt were prudent. We raised $10.3 billion in debt to further underpin an already strong balance sheet, and we suspended our share buybacks. We think this level of conservatism is appropriate at this phase, and we intend to reinstate our buyback program as circumstances warrant. Our focus now is on investing in our products and process technology and ensuring we have the capacity to meet our customer needs. We also continue to take a disciplined approach to our portfolio of investments, including an agreement to divest our Home Gateway Platform business. We have transformed our company to lead the data-driven revolution that’s fueling our industry. Our belief is that opportunity is resolute. COVID-19 has only reinforced how important it is for Intel and our customers to accelerate the power of data to fight the current pandemic and avert the next one. To use Andy Grove’s words, bad companies are destroyed by crises. Good companies survive them. Great companies are improved by them. Guided by our cultural values, competitive advantages and financial strength, we will emerge from this situation even stronger. I’ll now hand the call over to George for more details on our Q1 results, our Q2 outlook and how we’re actively managing the business through this challenge.
George Davis: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Q1 marked a strong start to the year amidst significant economic uncertainty and the unexpectedly strong demand for both PCs and servers as work-from-home and learn-from-home dynamics played out globally. Revenue came in at $19.8 billion, up 23% year-on-year and $800 million higher than guide. Data-centric revenue of $10.1 billion, up 34% year-on-year, represented 51% of our total revenue, an all-time high. Strong server demand across segments and a richer mix of our Xeon devices drove a significant portion of the upside. Q1 PC-centric revenue was $9.8 billion, up 14% year-on-year on strong notebook PC sales and increased supply resulting from capacity additions over the past year. Gross margin for the quarter was 62%, beating expectations due to strong flow-through of higher platform revenue, partly offset by reserves associated with our memory business and from the sale of our Home Gateway Business. Operating margin of 38% in the quarter was up 10 points versus last year on higher gross margins and disciplined spending controls, consistent with the environment. Q1 EPS was $1.45, $0.15 above our guide on strong operational performance, partially offset by losses in our ICAP and trading asset portfolios, along with the effects of a slightly higher tax rate. The strength of these results show the remarkable talent and commitment of our global workforce in a difficult and rapidly evolving environment. In Q1, we generated $6.2 billion in operating cash flow and invested $3.3 billion in CapEx with $2.9 billion of free cash flow, up 76% year-over-year. We returned $5.6 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. As Bob mentioned, we announced a pause in our share repurchase program as we felt it was prudent to do so in the current economic environment. This does not change our commitment to returning $20 billion in repurchases as outlined in October last year, and we plan to resume the program when market dynamics stabilize. With Q1 buybacks at $4.2 billion, we have already more than offset expected dilution associated with employee stock compensation for this year. In addition, our dividend policy remains unchanged with $1.4 billion in dividends paid in Q1. Let’s move to segment performance in Q1. Data Center Group revenue of $7 billion was up 43% from the prior year, coming in higher than expectations with strength across our customer landscape. Year-over-year platform volumes and ASPs were up 27% and 13%, respectively. While year-over-year comparisons benefited from a weak Q1 2019, revenue in the quarter came in at the second-highest level ever for DCG. Revenue was up 53% in cloud, 34% in enterprise and government and 33% for communication service providers. DCG adjacencies also delivered solid growth with revenue up 35% year-on-year on strong adoption of networking solutions. Our other data-centric businesses were up 19% year-over-year in Q1 despite more tangible COVID impact. IOTG operating income declined 3%, primarily on lower revenue from industrial and retail. Mobileye revenue and operating income were up 22% and 29%, respectively, driven by continued ADAS penetration and new IQ program launches, offset partially by eroding conditions in the automotive market. While Q1 marked a record for Mobileye revenue, we expect 2020 revenue growth will be lower than our prior expectations as automobile production and volume ramps are being materially impacted by COVID-19. NSG revenue grew 46% on strong bit growth and improved pricing. Better market conditions versus last year, along with cost reductions on strong factory performance, resulted in a lower operating loss of $66 million. PSG revenue grew 7% year-on-year on cloud and enterprise strength, partially offset by weaker embedded and communications segment. Operating income was up 9% on higher revenue. CCG revenue was $9.8 billion in Q1, up 14% year-over-year, driven by notebook market strength and higher modem sales. PC unit volumes were up 13% year-over-year on higher notebook demand and increased supply. Notebook demand strength is expected to continue into Q2 with more people working and learning from home due to COVID-19-related shelter-in-place orders. Operating margin was 43%, up 7 points year-on-year, on higher revenue and lower spending driven by the 5G smartphone modem exits, partially offset by higher unit costs associated with the ramp of 10-nanometer products. Let’s move to our second quarter outlook. Given the environment and the global economy, the range of potential outcomes has a wider distribution than normal. Based on demand signals from our customers, we expect the strength in cloud and comms infrastructure to continue in Q2, while IOTG and Mobileye will see lower demand driven by COVID-19. As a result, we expect total revenue of $18.5 billion with PC-centric approximately flat to slightly up year-over-year and data-centric up approximately 25% year-over-year. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 30%, down 1 point year-on-year on lower gross margin, largely offset by lower spending on higher revenue. Gross margins are expected to be approximately 56%, down 6 points sequentially due primarily to three reasons: prequalification reserves associated with the ramp of our next 10-nanometer client product, code named Tiger Lake; lower sequential revenue; and an accelerated ramp of 10-nanometer products, including isolate client CPUs and 5G SoC. The Tiger Lake reserves are not expected to impact full year gross margin as we expect to sell through the reserve inventory in the second half of the year. As a result, Q2 EPS is expected to be approximately $1.10 per share. Moving to the full year. With limited visibility due to the uncertainty driven by COVID-19, we are not guiding the full year. However, I do want to spend a few minutes discussing the expected headwinds and tailwinds we are monitoring and our response to the market dynamics. Tailwinds are most evident in the first half of the year on strong demand for mobile compute and related infrastructure on the dynamics of sheltering in place. In particular, mobile PCs, cloud and network infrastructure for 5G remain above seasonal trends. Headwinds include the impact of a global recession on IOTG end markets, particularly industrial and retail, lower automotive production impacting Mobileye and slowing enterprise and government data center demand. We also expect the PC TAM to weaken in the second half as GDP effects outweigh the initial demand bump from COVID. Also, given the volatility of the margins in Q1, our losses in our ICAP and trading asset portfolios were negatively impacting EPS by $0.03. Given the uncertain environment, this remains a watch item for the remainder of the year. In response to these market dynamics, we acted swiftly and strengthened liquidity. In addition to spending repurchases, we issued $10.3 billion in debt in the quarter. Our total cash investment balance at quarter end was $20.8 billion. Our liquidity actions to date are expected to impact full year EPS performance by approximately $0.12. The company has an exceptional balance sheet and strong cash flow to handle a very wide range of scenarios. We have positioned the company to support investment in technology transitions, our new products, and our customers’ requirements across these scenarios. As you would expect, we are very focused on cash flow management and believe our free cash flow generation this year will be resilient as impacts from COVID are tempered by first half demand strength, OpEx savings initiatives, capital actions and tight working capital oversight. To conclude, I’d like to join Bob in thanking our employees worldwide who are working diligently in these challenging times to provide products essential to the world. With that, I’ll hand it back to Trey, and we’ll get to your questions.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As this our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. I’m just wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on the gross margin decline heading into the calendar second quarter. George, you kind of broke it up into three different categories. I’d be interested on magnitude of Tiger Lake versus just lower volumes and then other 10-nanometer parts. And I guess, more importantly, how do we think about kind of normalized sort of gross margins as you get past some of the start-up costs for a faster 10-nanometer ramp?
George Davis: Yes. Thanks, John. So the margin picture is really unchanged from what we’ve talked about in the past in terms of how we think our product road map is going to move products that we expect to introduce and their margin structure. And what you’re seeing in Q2 is largely a timing issue. And about half of the impact that you’re seeing in gross margin in the quarter is from the Tiger Lake pre PRQ reserves. Obviously, the fact that – and that’s both sequentially and year-over-year. And so I think the way we would look at it is pretty much we’re not seeing anything as – if you take COVID out of the year, we’re really not seeing anything different in our basic view of gross margin dynamics, with the exception of we’re seeing stronger pull-in of demand for some of our 10-nanometer products. I mean I think one of the things – we got very strong demand for Tiger Lake. And so when you look at the impact that Tiger Lake reserves are having on the quarter, it’s about the same level of impact that we had on Ice Lake in Q1 of 2019. And yet we have about double the number of units in the – being reserved. And I think it gives you an indication of just how much our performance was improving on 10-nanometer.
Bob Swan: So John, I would just say, relative to where we were 90 days ago, gross margins are stronger through the first quarter. They’re in line with our expectations through the second quarter. And to George’s point, despite the timing dynamics of pre PRQ reserves that we take in the second quarter and recoup in the second half, the only other change is just that we feel confident in accelerating the ramp for 10. So from our vantage point, at or better than kind of how we started the year, and we feel very good about gross margin performance. We’re very excited about the Tiger Lake products ramping going into the second half and the 5G Snow Ridge product that we announced. So all in all, gross margin dynamics, pretty strong. On the second part of your question, I’d go back to the commentary that George provided back at our Analyst Day in the spring, which is, obviously, when we transition from a mature node to a new node, margins tend to come down. We indicated that we plan to get back on a 2 to 2.5-year cadence, which means in 2021, we’ll be ramping 10-nanometer even more while we’re investing in 7-nanometer that we anticipate having in the fourth quarter of 2021. So those dynamics of – from a mature node to a new node, impacts the gross margins of the business, but we feel like it’s – we’re well on track from the plans we laid out and feel pretty good about a dynamite first quarter and an outlook for the second quarter in line or better than what we expected.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your question please.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess a follow-on, John, with the gross margin. I mean I know you’re not guiding full year anymore, but when we look out at that trajectory that you had given us, I was wondering if you can just kind of step us through with the acceleration. And actually, maybe looking back to last year, if you look at the improvement you saw of that low quarter, just kind of any kind of directional guidance of where this gross margin can go from here.
George Davis: Yes. I mean first off, I think you’re going to see, Blayne, that gross margin is going to improve, all things being equal, just from the fact that starting in the third quarter, we’ll start to see the chips that have been reserved this quarter coming out on a zero cost basis in the gross margin. And again, it’s really hard to think about the second half in terms of how demand is going to look compared to what we ultimately thought when we first gave guidance, which is because of the – all the obvious issues related to COVID. I’d just go back to – as we look at what we guided all the way back in May of 2019, if anything, we’re ramping 10-nanometer a little faster. We’re seeing clear evidence of improved performance on 10-nanometer. And so we feel good about the overall gross margin dynamics. You can see how our other cost initiatives are helping 5 points out of the 6-point impact that’s being offset by effectively the OpEx percentage. So overall, I would go back and say no real change to our fundamental outlook. But when you overlay COVID, it’s – we’ll just have to see how that plays out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and I appreciate all the color in these uncertain times. I’m curious how you are directionally feeling about the CapEx guidance for the year. I think you had about a $17 billion number before. I understand the need to be responsive to the macro dynamics and in preserving the balance sheet. But you upsided first half by quite a bit, and you’re also accelerating the move to 10-nanometers. Does that create some upward bias or at least protect the kind of capital spending plans that you had for the year? Any puts and takes would be very helpful. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes. Vivek, I’ll start, and then George will fill in. First, both our R&D and our capital spend for this year are directed towards the multiyear plan that we shared with you back last year. So both the product road map over the next several years, the capital required to support the growth that we anticipate over the medium to long-term horizon while adding capacity for the ramp of 10 as well. So coming into the year, we’re very bullish about the medium and long-term outlook. And we’re putting our capital to work to support that medium and long-term outlook, and that’s not going to change. That being said, in the near term, as we try to get a better read on what the demand signals will be for the second half, whether we’re dealing with being very disciplined on our spending levels, ensuring that wafer starts are in line with true demand signals and being very disciplined on the capital that isn’t directly related to more capacity and/or technology development, we are going to be very disciplined through this near-term horizon. But I’d just go back to the first point, which is we’re very bullish about the multiyear view. We have the largest TAM in the company’s history. We got a great set of products that we’re building and developing, and we’re going to invest to position ourselves well to capitalize on the current disruptions that we’re wrestling with.
George Davis: Yes. What I would add is there’s some natural things in addition to the discipline that will help us lower CapEx a little bit. It’s part of why we said we think our free cash flow is going to be pretty resilient in the year because we’ve seen in some of the geographies where we have major construction projects underway, we’re actually seeing that being pushed somewhat by regulatory requirements. And so we – the way I would describe it is we probably see six to eight weeks’ worth of capital pushing out of this year. But any capital that is important for our 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer and even the start of 5-nanometer is going to be spent in line with the timetables that we’ve already laid out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about some of the changes to the server road map? And it seems like you’ve deemphasized Cooper Lake and are more focused on Ice Lake server. Is that about confidence of the – in the 10-nanometer plus? Is that – just kind of describe what led to that decision.
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Yes, during the course of the year, we’ve been – our product road map for servers is very focused on delivering workload-optimized platform foundation that’s scalable for the real-world environments that our customers are operating in. So we ramped – Skylake was the fastest ramp in the Xeon history, followed by Cascade Lake, that was a very strong ramp. Next, we have a Cascade Lake refresh that is a relatively simple, simple upgrade, easier upgrade for our customers because the architecture is very simple to the fastest-growing Cascade Lake ramp. And we’re very focused on Ice Lake in the second half of the year or in the fourth quarter, as we indicated. So as we step back and look at the market dynamics and the product road map, we feel like we got the right products at the right time as we ramp and scale the high end of Cascade Lake and refresh while positioning for Ice Lake.
Joe Moore: Okay. That makes sense. And as you’ve started to ramp 10-nanometer plus, is it possible to talk about the changes that you’ll see versus 10? Is it better clock speeds, better yields, better – is there better transistor performance implicit in that transition?
Bob Swan: I presume you’re talking about second gen for server products, Sapphire Rapids product or – oh, for clients, sorry. Yes, the client – the Tiger Lake product, we are extremely excited about. We – as I think I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we have 50 designs that we expect to ramp in the holiday season this year. Clock speed, battery life, AI incorporation into the core design, a platform offering that we think is a real differentiator for customers on – in thin and light format. So this is going to be a great launch. We’re very excited about it. And to George’s earlier point, the demand signals we’re seeing and our confidence in both the product and the yield is – has us at a point where we expect to accelerate the ramp and adoption a bit faster than we did coming into the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask first about the 10-nanometer mix exiting the year just given what you’re seeing: a strong Tiger Lake demand signals and a potentially faster 10-nanometer. Like what do you think your product mix by node is going to be exiting the year? Do you think there’ll be a crossover point on 10-nanometers?
George Davis: Stacy, this is George. I don’t think we’ll see a crossover point this year. And this is – again, I’m just going to take COVID out of the equation, so thinking through, I do think we’re going to see more demand on 10-nanometer this year than we thought going in. Again, I think Ice Lake demand was strong – is going to be strong in the first half. We’re seeing our 5G SoCs on 10-nanometer getting stronger demand as the market there just gets stronger and stronger on the comp side. But Tiger Lake is really, I think, going to be the driver for us in being above our expectations for all the reasons that Bob just covered. And – but it won’t be enough to cause a crossover.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore: Hey, guys. Thanks for that. I want to go to the Data Center Group, you have the color commentary about the enterprise and government being weaker in the second half, and I don’t think that surprises anybody. But I wanted to see what sort of color you’re getting in the other 70% of that segment on the cloud and the comms side? And specifically, you had worried earlier this year that we’d enter a digestion period. So I wanted to see if your views have changed on that. And then in the comms service provider side, how much of that actually acts like the enterprise and government versus the side that benefits from the 5G ramp? Any pluses and minuses there would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks, Ross. First, on the cloud side, as you indicated, we came into the year off a very strong second half of 2019, and our expectations were that Q1 would continue that strength. But then the cloud service providers would go through their normal digestion stage, if you will. That was kind of what we indicated back in January. First quarter, as George flagged, demand was even stronger for the CSPs. In our raised outlook for Q2, we expect that demand for the cloud folks to – the strong demand to continue. And possibly, even going into the second half of the year, that’s TBD, but the trends are relatively encouraging, the demand signals are very high. The product that’s being pulled is the XCC product. So ASPs, as you saw in our results, were very strong. So purchasing is extending beyond what we thought a few months ago. And that drove Q1 upside, it drove Q2 upside, and we think it will be relatively strong kind of going into Q3. That’s TBD. On the comms side, fantastic growth in the first quarter. Our expectations are, as we go through the course of the year, it will stay relatively strong as we continue to gain share in that segment. And as we’ve expanded the 5G SoC, expanded our TAM within that sector and with the product that we just qualified a few weeks back. So we expect share gains, the infrastructure – share gains to continue, infrastructure in 5G to continue, if not go faster, and we’re relatively well positioned in the – with the key players of Nokia, Ericsson and ZTE going into the second half of the year. So we feel good about the comms segment as well. And as you flagged, the ones that we’re proud – that we’re most anxious about is just enterprise and government and what kind of demand signals we’ll see in the second half. So the first two are as good, if not stronger. Enterprise and government, a big – a bit of an unknown for us at this stage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research. Your question please.
Pierre Ferragu: Hey, thank you for taking my question. I’d like to get back to your performance in PC in the first quarter. So you’re up 40% year-on-year. I was wondering a couple of things. The first one is how much is that really stronger demand, and that’s just about it? And how much of that is more you catching up on capacity and being better able to serve the market and catching up maybe on demand you couldn’t meet in the two, three previous quarters? And then what’s your early view on market share? Are you starting to regain share in PCs? And if not, when do you see that happening this year?
George Davis: Pierre, it’s George. I think what we saw is clearly some impact relative to our expectations from the work-at-home, learn-at-home dynamics. But we had expected a strong quarter in our initial forecast, which really reflected the dynamics that we’re talking about. We had customers who have been short of demand for a number of quarters who were seeing a chance to finally build some – a little bit of inventory, which gave us a seasonally strong first quarter relative to anything we might see historically. But we saw notebook volumes up over 20% in the quarter. And I would say that that’s more than just the pent-up demand. And that’s at a time when some of the OEMs were really struggling in the early part of the quarter with their supply chains, which is why there’s some parts in their channel that’s all opened up now. So we think that actually – one of the good signs is though even that’s opened up, we’re still seeing very strong demand coming in on the PC side. So – and we had expected solid PC in the first half. But I would say it’s – with COVID, it’s been even stronger and heavily weighted towards the notebook.
Bob Swan: And the only thing I would add is in our fab network and the supply chain was able to – coming out of last year, not only able to deal with the backlog coming into the year but also meet the higher demand signals that George flagged at the latter part of March.
George Davis: Yes. I should have mentioned that. It’s really heroic work, both at the supply chain level, we have a fantastic supply chain group, but also our manufacturing teams, keeping the factories up and running. Delivering 90% on-time commits in a quarter like this is really remarkable.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your question please.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I realized that you removed your guidance for the full year. But if I look at your results and your guide for Q2, it would suggest data-centric tracking, maybe down 2% half-on-half in the second half; and PC, down 14%. I’m just curious, is that directionally how you’re seeing things? Or I guess given the positive the positive trends in notebooks and the weakness on the enterprise and government side, perhaps it’s a bit more muted, and would love to hear your thoughts on that.
George Davis: Yes. We’re – I’m not going to be able to give you a full year guide by pieces. But I appreciate the question. I think the – maybe talking a little bit, C.J., headwinds and tailwinds, which we referred to on the call, clearly, cloud is a tailwind and – cloud and mobile compute are a tailwind for the first half for sure. I think cloud continues to be – will probably be helpful throughout the year. The – but at some point, we’re going to see the impacts of the recession start to impact demand on PCs. So we’re – that’s certainly a headwind. That is a reasonable expectation for the second half of the year. We’re already seeing the impact of the recession on IOTG, particularly in industrial and retail. We’re seeing in automotive, Mobileye had a record quarter in Q1. But I think the full year is going to be certainly weaker than we had expected coming into the year. Now not nearly as weak as automotive overall because they continue to grow. They’re in a part of the automotive market that is growing substantially. And they have the leadership position in ADAS. And so it will be more subtle of an impact, but still an impact nonetheless. And then as Bob said, on the data center side, enterprise and government appear to have been very strong in the first half, and so we would expect some digestion. How those things all play up and what percentages play out, C.J., I really can’t say, but those are the things that we’re watching to see how the year is going to play out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from SMBC Nikko. Your question please.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. George, I want to go back to the gross margins. I think you did a great job giving us color about half of the impact from Tiger Lake. I’m just wondering, the remaining half, is that because of reserves, which is going to reverse in the second half? Or is this something more structural or mix related that’s going to persist for the next few quarters? I would love to hear some color on that. Thank you.
George Davis: Well, I think the things that are structural is we’re going to see more 10-nanometer demand in the year than we had forecasted at the beginning of the year. And that will have a little bit of dampening on margins but not materially different from what we had seen coming into the year. The temporary impact is really the reserve action, which will reverse. It is about half of the year-over-year effect. And so I would say the other impact, again, is if we look year-over-year, we’re just seeing a much larger uptake of Ice Lake and 5G SoCs year-over-year, but much of that was expected. I would say both Ice Lake and the 5G SoCs are a little bit stronger than we would have thought coming into the year and – which is consistent with just the demand activity that we’re seeing in mobility and the infrastructure around that.
Bob Swan: Yes. And just we came into the year with an outlook of 59% gross margin for the year. And I would just say through the first 90 days, we’re much better. To the next 90 days, we’re better or in line. And the dynamics of the pre PRQ reserve are no impact on the full year. Therefore, net-net, to the first six months of the year, we feel just as good about our gross margin performance and even better about our ability to ramp 10-nanometer. So we’re feeling very good about how the first half of the year is playing out relative to where we were 90 days ago across demand signals and gross margin performance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I’m just wondering if you can talk about channel. Inventory, there’s a – customers in a lot of your end markets seem to be a little concerned about supply disruptions, and they – sell-in seems to be a little bit above sell-through. Sell-through seems to be weakening a little bit. So can you talk about the potential for some inventory correction later this year and sort of how you track that? Thanks.
George Davis: We’re – obviously, we’re very focused on understanding that. I would say the – any kind of dislocation that we’re looking at right now is more a function of just the supply chain challenges that some of the OEMs had, particularly in the first half of the first quarter. But we’ve been watching that pretty closely because we want to make sure that this kind of buildup at our customer level makes its way through to the end customer. And we’re seeing customers telling us that their end-customer demand continues to be very strong, and their order profile reflects that they’re going to clear their existing revenue. Now when that plays out, I’m not sure. It’s part of why we struggle to understand how that second half is going to play out. But we feel good about the demand signals we’re seeing now, and we understand the movements of our products in the system from the dynamics that we saw in the first quarter.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Tim. Operator, I think we have time for one more question, and then we’ll turn the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Operator: Our final question then comes from Chris Danely from Citi. Your question please.
Chris Danely: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Can you just run down the supply demand sort of balance throughout the server, desktop and notebook lines? I guess are you on track for the high single-digit unit increase in output? And then did the shortages anywhere get any worse during the during Q1? Or it sounds like they’re abating in certain areas? Just any color there would be great.
Bob Swan: Yes. On – as we indicated at the beginning of the year, our intention – well, we did add capacity last year, and our intention this year was to add another mid-20% growth in capacity, which would generate real strong output. And we are on track, maybe even a little bit better than what we said at the time. Obviously, in the first quarter, demand was also greater. It was greater for – across the board, server and notebook, in particular. And we were able to keep pace with accelerating demand as the quarter closed. So we’re in pretty good shape in terms of the promise we’ve made to our customers, and that is that we will not – we’ll put the capacity in place so we are not a constraint on their growth. So we’re in very good shape despite all the challenges. That being said by, we haven’t replenished inventory levels. So meaning mix dynamics across the board is – we’re still not quite there yet, but we’re in line a little bit better than we had hoped. We delivered more demand, and we got to continue to build the inventory levels back so we can deal with the variation by SKU mix.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Chris.
Bob Swan: Yes. So look, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. I just kind of want to wrap with – to reiterate our purpose, and that is to create world-changing technology that enriches the lives of every person on earth. And that’s never been more important than it is during this time. Our strategy is resolute, and our business is built to withstand challenges. We have a very diversified portfolio of businesses that are highly leveraged to major technology inflections like cloud, 5G, intelligent and autonomous edge computing and artificial intelligence. We generate significant and durable free cash flows, and our team of 110,000 people is operating as one team to enable our customers’ success. So guided by our cultural values, our competitive advantages and our financial strength, we’re confident that we will emerge from this situation even stronger. Thanks again for joining us. We hope you all stay safe as we work together to overcome this global crisis. And we look forward to hopefully seeing you in person over the near term. Thanks again for joining us.
Trey Campbell: Thanks, Bob, and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, could you please go ahead and wrap up the call?
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the fourth quarter 2019 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I would like to introduce your host for today's program, Trey Campbell, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Trey Campbell: Operator. And welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I am joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we will hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder, that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Trey. We exceeded our expectations for Q4 2019, capping off a fourth consecutive record year. In Q4, we generated $20.2 billion in revenue and $1.52 in earnings per share, exceeding our guidance by $1 billion and $0.28, respectively. For the full year, we delivered $72 billion in revenue and $4.87 in EPS. The PC, data center, IoT, memory and Mobileye businesses each set all time annual revenue records. Several years ago, we began a transformation to reposition the company to take advantage of the data revolution that is reshaping computing. Exiting this quarter, we now have greater than 50% of our revenue coming from our data centric collection of businesses. But our journey is just beginning. To reach our multiyear goals, we will continuously focus on three key priorities, accelerating growth, improving execution and deploying our capital for attractive returns. I would like to share our progress against these priorities over the last 90 days. We are accelerating growth by expanding the capabilities of our workload optimized platforms and playing a larger role in our customers' success. Demand for our Intel Xeon scalable processors is very strong as customers continue to make Xeon the foundation for their AI infused data center workloads. One of the reasons Cascade Lake is our fastest ramping Xeon CPU is its unrivaled AI performance. Xeon's AI performance will take another step in the first half of 2020 when our third-generation Xeon scalable processor Cooper Lake debuts. Cooper Lake features new Intel DL boost extensions for built-in AI training acceleration providing up to a 60% increase in training performance over the previous family. Additionally, we have expanded beyond the CPU in the data center with products such as Optane persistent memory, custom ASICs, Ethernet and silicon photonics. In Q4, data center adjacent products grew more than 30% year-over-year. In client computing, we are seeing excellent momentum for our first 10 nanometer mobile CPU, Ice Lake, with 44 system designs already shipping. In addition to our CPU capabilities, we continue to deliver leadership PC platform connectivity. With Wi-Fi 6, were delivering gig-plus speeds and for wired connectivity we just announced Thunderbolt 4 for platforms in 2020. At CES, we also showed customer momentum for our Project Athena innovation program, including the first Project Athena verified Chromebooks. Project Athena verified laptops have been tuned, tested and verified to deliver fantastic system-level innovation and benefits spanning battery life, consistent responsiveness, instant wake, application compatibility and more. We have verified 26 Project Athena design to-date and expect 50 more devices across Windows and Chrome to be verified this year. In addition to strengthening our largest businesses, we are investing to win key data-driven technology inflections. These inflections include the rise of artificial intelligence, the transformation of networks and emergence of the intelligence and autonomous edge. The market for AI-based silicon is growing and evolving quickly. New workloads are emerging and existing workloads like high performance computing are converging with AI. In 2019, we generated $3.8 billion in AI-based revenue. The AI market opportunity is expected to be $25 billion by 2024 and we are investing to lead with a strong portfolio of products. In addition to integrating AI into all our leading products, we have introduced and acquired new capabilities that deepen an already unparalleled portfolio of AI assets. We announced the acquisition of Habana Labs, a leading developer of programmable deep learning accelerators for the data center. Habana, combined with Intel's existing AI ASICs and software expertise, will advance our AI offerings for the data center with high performance training and inference processors and a standards-based programming environment to address evolving AI workloads. Delivering the optimal AI silicon architecture is critical but not sufficient to solve customers' problems. That's why we launched the oneAPI industry initiative to deliver a unified and simplified programming model for application development across heterogeneous processing architectures. OneAPI marks a game changing evolution from today's limiting proprietary program approaches to an open standards-based model for cross architecture developer engagement and innovation. As expected, our networking business reached $5 billion in revenue in 2019. We have grown our business by helping our customers transform their networks by consolidating and virtualizing workloads on Intel architecture based servers. Now, as we advance into the 5G era, we see our momentum in design win pipeline accelerating as we are positioned to win significant share in base stations. This quarter, we announced a strategic agreement with Alibaba to support both the Tokyo and Beijing Olympics building out 5G infrastructure utilizing Xeon scalable Optane persistent memory and Intel software. These data optimized 5G networks will support amazing experiences such as immersive 8K VR, cloud 3-D stadium simulations and cloud broadcasting. We also delivered almost $5 billion in annual revenue from our IoT/edge portfolio of products. In November, we disclosed our next-gen Movidius vision processing unit Keem Bay. Keem Bay is highly optimized for edge inference with groundbreaking leaps forward in power efficient performance delivering up to 4X the performance or 6X the performance per watt over comparable competitive solutions. It's been over two years since the acquisition of Mobileye and we couldn't be more excited about the team's progress. This quarter we announced several exciting new engagements. We established an agreement for REM data harvesting with SAIC Motor and embarked on a strategic partnership with NIO to deploy Mobileye's self-driving systems as the full stack solution for NIO's consumer AV. We also continue to accelerate the commercialization of driverless Mobility-as-a-Service with two new partnerships, RATP in Paris and Daegu City in South Korea. In Q4, we were also excited to host analysts and investors at Mobileye's headquarters to discuss our strategy to win the more than $70 billion opportunity for ADAS, AV and data and to expand our aspirations to an even larger role in the $160 billion opportunity for Mobility-as-a-Service. Our guests had the chance to test drive our technology on the demanding road to Jerusalem as we demonstrated industry's leading AV solution stack navigating a wide variety of driving complexities and delivering unmatched agility and safety. We have significant opportunities but realizing them requires improved execution, starting with delivering more supply for our customers. In response to continued strong demand, we invested record levels of CapEx in 2018 and 2019. That added capacity allowed us to increase our second half 2019 PC CPU supply by double digits relative to the first half. However, demand has continued to outpace PC supply and supply remains tight in our PC business. We are continuing to add capacity so are not constraining our customers' growth. Across our 14 and 10 nanometer nodes, we are adding 25% wafer capacity this year to deliver a high single digit increase in PC unit volume. This will enable us to meet market demand, deliver our 2020 financial plan and increase inventory to more normalized levels. Our near term challenge is working with our customers to support their desired product mix. Our process technology execution continues to improve. In Q4, we ramped our 10 nanometer production and continue to see yields improve. We are planning nine new product releases on 10 nanometer this year, including our next-gen mobile CPU, a 5G base station SOC, an AI inference accelerator, our first discrete GPU and Xeon for server, storage and networking. We are also on track to deliver 10 nanometer-plus this year, our first performance upgrade on 10 nanometer. Our 7 nanometer process remains on track to deliver our lead 7 nanometer product, Ponte Vecchio, at the end of 2021 with CPU products following shortly after in 2022. We are also driving innovation in the next generation of computing. At CES, we provided a first look at our next-gen Intel Core mobile processor codenamed Tiger Lake, which is designed to offer groundbreaking advancements when it ships later this year. Tiger Lake, built on Intel's 10 nanometer-plus process, will deliver significant gains in computes, AI, graphics and interconnect over the prior generation. We will also deliver initial production shipments on our first 10 nanometer-based Xeon scalable product, Ice Lake in the latter part of 2020. We are also investing to lead the next wave of technology breakthroughs such as quantum computing. Our investment in quantum computing covers the full hardware and software stack in pursuit of a practical commercially viable quantum system. For example, last month we unveiled a first of its kind cryogenic control chip, Horse Ridge, that will speed up development of full stack quantum computing systems. We made good progress this quarter but we will continue to be laser focused on improving our execution. That means delivering the supply, leadership process technology and product innovations that allow us to play a larger role in our customers' success. Our third priority is to thoughtfully deploy your capital to deliver attractive returns. That means, first investing in the R&D and CapEx necessary to drive our long-term business plan. Since 2015, we have grown revenue by more than $16 billion while reducing spending by $500 million. Spending as a percentage of revenue was down nine points while over the same period we have increased R&D spending by $1.2 billion. We acquired Habana Labs, a fantastic company that will accelerate our AI plans while also making thoughtful disinvestments. We closed both the 5G smartphone modem exit and the sale of IMFT in the quarter. We are confident in our future and consistent with that our Board has approved a 5% increase in our dividend to $1.32 per share. Last quarter, we announced a commitment to execute $20 billion in share repurchases over the next 15 to 18 months and three months into that window we have already repurchased $3.5 billion in shares. Finally, our role goes beyond delivering strong results to being a great corporate citizen that has real impact on the world around us and in the communities where we work. I am proud of the many outside recognitions we have received for our responsible business practices. This reflects our culture and the efforts of our 100,000-plus employees around the world. Also, we continue to believe that a diverse workforce and inclusive culture are essential for executing our growth strategy, which is why we released detailed workforce representation data that raises the bar on ourselves and others for continued improvement. And it's important to us to be a leader in environmental sustainability and we are investing to continue to increase the energy efficiency of our operations and our products. And we are also making significant progress on our goal of restoring 100% of our global water use by 2025. Back at our May Analyst Day, we told you that the industry was at an inflection point where the exponential growth of data is fueling massive expansion in multi-cloud environments, transforming networks and catalyzing the intelligent edge. We believe we are well positioned to lead this data revolution and we expect to generate $85 billion in revenue and $6 in earnings per share in the next three to four years. One year into that plan, we are tracking well ahead of our commitment. We have $3 billion more revenue and we have earned an additional $0.52 in earnings versus our May expectations. Our expectation is to continue to make deposits towards our multiyear goal every 90 days. In summary, our priorities are to accelerate growth, improve execution and thoughtfully deploy our capital on behalf of our owners like you. I am excited about the opportunities in front of us and appreciate your continued support. I will now hand the call over to George for details on our Q4 results and business outlook. George?
George Davis: Thanks Bob and good afternoon everyone. Q4 marked an outstanding finish to another record year with $20.2 billion in revenue, up 8% year-on-year and $1 billion higher than guide. We saw record data centric revenue of $10.2 billion, representing over 50% of our total revenue, an all-time high. DCG and Mobileye both achieved record revenue in the quarter. Q4 PC centric revenue was $10 billion, up 2% year-on-year capping CCG's fourth consecutive year of revenue growth. Q4 operating margin was approximately 36%, two points ahead of our guide on higher gross margin and spending leverage. Gross margin for the quarter was 60.1%, beating expectations due to strong flow-through of higher DCG revenue. Q4 EPS was $1.52, $0.28 above our guide, primarily due to strong operational performance and further boosted by gains from our ICAP portfolio. These results demonstrate the strong demand for our leadership products and solid execution to achieve a record-breaking year. As a result, full year EPS of $4.87 was up 6% year-on-year. We generated $16.9 billion of free cash flow, up 19% and returned $19.2 billion to shareholders. We anticipate another record year in 2020 and are raising the dividend by 5%. Moving to more details on Q4 performance. Operating margin of 36% in the quarter was up over half a point versus last year as higher volume and ASP strength in our data centric portfolio and lower spending were partly offset by the ramp of our 10 nanometer process and NAND pricing degradation. EPS was up 19% or $0.24 year-over-year on higher operating margin, equity gains driven by our ICAP portfolio and a lower share count, partially offset by a higher tax rate. Our non-GAAP tax rate in Q4 was 13.6%, in line with expectations and up five points year-over-year due to tax benefits from tax reform and discrete items in Q4 2018. Let's move to segment performance. Our data center group had record revenue at $7.2 billion, up 19% from the prior year. These results beat our expectations with platform volumes up 12% and platform ASPs up 5% year-over-year on strong cloud demand and continued adoption of our highest performance second Gen Xeon scalable products. In Q4, cloud revenue was up 48% year-over-year as cloud service providers continue building capacity to serve customer demand. Enterprise and government revenue was down 7% while communication and service providers' revenue grew 14% as customers continue to adopt IA-based solutions to transform their networks and transition to the 5G era. All three segments exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Our other data centric businesses were up 6% year-over-year in Q4. IOTG achieved another double digit growth quarter with revenue up 13% and operating income up 29% year-over-year as customers increasingly adopt Intel AI infused products to power the growing intelligent edge. And Mobileye revenue and operating income were up 31% and 54%, respectively, driven by the industry-leading EyeQ products, which offer unmatched computer vision and mapping capabilities and continue to win in a fast-growing ADAS market. EyeQ revenue was up 41% year-over-year. NSG revenue grew 10% on continued bit growth, partially offset by year-over-year pricing declines. NSG reported an operating loss of $96 million as NAND cost improvements were more than offset by pricing declines. PSG revenue declined 17% year-over-year on softness in the embedded segment primarily driven by lower last time buys versus Q4 2018, partially offset by strength in wireless. Operating income was down 48% on lower revenue and segment product mix. DCG revenue was $10 billion in the fourth quarter, up 2% year-over-year driven by higher PC and modem volumes. PC unit volumes were up 1% on continued market strength and increased capacity. Adjacencies, which include modems and wireless and wired connectivity solutions, grew 13% year-over-year driven by strong demand for modems and a better mix of connectivity solutions. Operating margin was 41%, up four points year-on-year on higher revenue and lower spending driven by the 5G smartphone modem exit. As a result, CCG achieved record operating income in 2019. In 2019, we generated $33.1 billion in operating cash flow and invested $16.2 billion in CapEx. We also returned 113% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. During the quarter, we purchased 63 million shares at an average price of $55.32 per share. Total 2019 share repurchases were 272 million and in 2020, we expect return in excess of 100% of free cash flow to shareholders under the $20 billion buyback program announced last quarter and the increased dividend announced today. Let's move to outlook. 2020 is expected to be another record year for the company. We are forecasting revenue of $73.5 billion and EPS of approximately $5. We expect our PC centric business to be down low single digits year-over-year on a slightly down PC TAM. Within 2020, we expect to see a strong first half and a moderating second half dynamic due to lower modem revenue and expected lower PC TAM in the second half of 2020 as the Windows 10 commercial refresh matures. We expect revenue from our data centric businesses to be up high single digits for the full year as we capitalize on the secular trends that Bob outlined. We are expecting an exceptionally strong Q1 as cloud customers continue to build capacity and adopt our highest performing products. This will mark three quarters of strong cloud buildout and we expect more modest capacity expansion for the remainder of the year as CSPs move to a digestion phase. We are also planning for an increasingly competitive environment as we move through the year. As a result of these dynamics, we expect total revenue to be more front-end loaded in the first half than we have seen historically. Gross margin is expected to be 59% for the year, down a point versus 2019 on both mix of products and the impact of 10 nanometer cost. Spending for the year is expected to be approximately $19 billion or 26% of revenue, down one point resulting in a flat operating margin of approximately 33%. We expect 2020 CapEx of approximately $17 billion, more than half of which is comprised of investments in fab space and 7 and 5 nanometer equipment. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $16.5 billion as the flow-through from revenue growth and higher depreciation is offset by higher CapEx and rebuilding of critical product inventory back to more normal operating levels. Let's turn to Q1. We anticipate a particularly strong start to another record year with Q1 revenue of $19 billion, up 18% year-over-year and well above normal seasonal patterns. This is being driven in particular by data centric revenue growth, expected to be above 25% year-over-year on continued cloud buildout and NAND bit growth. Our PC centric business is also contributing and is expected to be up more than 10% year-over-year on continued PC market strength, additional supply and higher modem revenue. With strong top line growth and mix, we expect Q1 gross margin of approximately 61%, up three points year-over-year. Q1 operating margin is expected to be approximately 35%, up seven points versus last year on higher gross margin and spending leverage on higher revenue. Tax rate is expected to be 13% and EPS is expected to be $1.30, up 46% year-over-year. In summary, 2019 was Intel's best year ever and we expect a strong start to 2020 on the way to another record year. With that, let me turn it back over to Trey.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on the strong end of last year and start to this year. George or Bob, whichever of you want to answer this, I want to go little bit into the trajectory of revenues. George, you gave some great color there on the two different segments, PC centric and data centric. But it appears, by the end of this year you could even be going negative in both of those segments year-over-year. So it seems like it's a pretty significant drop. I appreciate conservatism in the end-of-life on the Windows side of things. But how do you factor in the increased competition that you mentioned and the fact that shortages should go away so you could actually have some market share gains?
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks Ross. Let me start, George. And you can chime in. First, thank you for the compliment on our fourth quarter results. When we look at 2020 demand cycles, we kind have three things going on that impact the first half to second half outlook. And George touched on a few of these. But first, at the macro level, this insatiable appetite for data and the processing resources that need to go to make that data relevant, those trends continue. And we feel very good about how we are positioned to capitalize on this increased demand. Second, as you know from a cloud perspective, which now is bigger and bigger part of our overall DCG revenue, we expect them to continue to benefit from the trajectories that that I mentioned initially. At the same time, you will remember from last year, our ability to protect the CSPs purchasing and then kind of digestion patterns is relatively hard. So we look at first half to second half, Q1 will be in essence the third quarter in a row of real strong consumption patterns from the cloud folks. So we know from history that at some point they go into digestion mode and the buying patterns begin to slow down. And it doesn't impact medium or long term trends but it does impact cyclical trends during the course of the year. And we have tried to, based on our past learnings, take that into account as much as we can. So hopefully we are wrong. Hopefully, we are conservative. But at this stage of the game, that's kind of how we looked at cloud purchases first half to the second half. The second thing, PC TAM, we think is going to be flat to down a little bit this year. And the expectation is the first half will continue to be Windows 10 refresh that George flagged. And we expect that to slowdown in the second half. And then the third item is modem. As we go into the second half of the year, we expect modem volume to be lower as we phase out of that business as smartphone modem moves to the 5G world. So those three things have us looking at the full year of kind of 2% growth and inherent in that is we know we have got a much more competitive environment. And our intentions during the course of year is to compete vigorously to protect our position while continue to expand as compute moves further and further away from the cloud out to the network and to the edge.
George Davis: Yes. And I guess I would just add that we feel really good about the year overall. It's just going to be a little flatter in terms of the pattern and certainly than we saw last year and certainly different than our normal seasonal pattern. But good strength growth in all of the businesses really outside the PC, which is coming across some headwinds from TAM. But we still expect it to work on gaining back share in some areas where it's had difficulties in the past as we can start to provide more units.
Bob Swan: And one last comment, I apologize. But I think just on a year-over-year basis, the comps in the first half of 2020 are going to be easier. And then after a very strong second half of 2019, comps will get tougher in the second half of the year. But, net net, as George shaped it up, we are looking for another record year in 2020. Thanks Ross.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on strong results and especially the buybacks, the nearly 10% of shares retired in the last two years. Question. Bob, on 10 nanometer. I was in the slide, you mentioned 10 nanometer yields ahead right off expectations and you mentioned nine product releases on 10. Can you help put that in context? What does it imply in terms of the range of desktop and server SKUs? I think there is some speculation that maybe 10 nanometer might be a small node rather than a regular node? Or I guess, asked in a different way, what percent data of your sale do you expect to be on 10 nanometer this year and maybe even next year? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yes. Well, first, we continue to make real good progress on yields on 10 nanometer. And that's been, after all the challenges we have had, that's been kind of a consistent theme over last the four to six quarter just on yields for 10. So we feel very good exiting the year and coming into this year on where we are on yields. Second, in terms of the product roadmap, we launched Ice Lake for client in the fourth quarter. We launched FPGAs, Agilex products on 10 nanometer in the fourth quarter. And then through the course of this year, we are going to have successive of products of AI inference accelerator, 5G SOC that we are really excited about for the 5G network, GPUs launched and then last but certainly not least, bringing out Ice Lake server product in the back end of the year. So we have launched. The yields are good. Designs across our portfolio of products are good. And we will ramp them up during the course of the year. But primarily in terms of volume, we will still be, the client business is the one we are going to ramp the fastest. It will the ramp during the course of the year. It will be on our second Gen of 10 nanometer or what will call 10+ in the second half of the year, which introduces a whole new level of performance for that product. But in the aggregate, we won't have a huge percentage of our overall company volume in the second half of the year. It will grow as we exit the year and become a much bigger part of our overall volume in 2021. And then last, I would just say that our intention back in May and we reiterated again today is that we want to get back to a two to tow-and-a-half year cadence. And shortly after launching 10, our expectations is we will have our first 7 nanometer product launch in the latter part about 2021 with CPUs to closely follow. So 10 is ramping. We will go to 10+ for clients and we will 7 on a two year cadence in 2021.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your question, please.
Blayne Curtis: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question and I would like to give congrats on the great results. Bob, maybe just following on that, because I remember two quarters ago you talked about Ice Lake taping out for servers in the first half. And there is a lot of different milestones, it gets confusing. When you say second half, do you actually, is that a volume ramp? Or is that when you actually expect the 10 nanometer servers to be out?
Bob Swan: Yes. It's a good question. And just a few things. I think first, in terms of how we deploy the technology. Today, our ecosystem partners have already received Ice Lake server samples. So that's kind the first step for us. And then what we indicated is, we will start production wafers in the first half of this year and that that will translate into production of shipments in the latter part of 2020. So that's a sequence of events. So production, we load wafers, we deliver samples, check. We load wafers first half. We deliver production output latter part of the year. So that's been pretty consistent with how we have been trying to ramp this over last the several quarters.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for that. And then just a clarity on the client side. I am surprised by the seasonality but I guess I understand with Win 10, with that growth or the strong year-over-year you are seeing in Q1, are you still shorting the market, I guess?
Bob Swan: Yes. First, we came into 2019 looking at kind of a flat PC TAM and when all is said and done, we end the year with about 3% growth overall and even stronger in the fourth quarter. So it's had a real strong, the market has had a real strong year in 2019. At the end of the year, as we indicated, we were still constraining our PC customers. And I would say, we left some backlog on the table that we are quickly trying to fill as we come in to the first quarter. So that obviously a disappointment in terms of our serving customers at the end of the year but adds to volume in the first quarter, first half. As we go through the course of the year, just from the macro level, we spent record capital in 2018, again record capital in 2019, as George laid out in his prepared remarks. We have record capital in 2020. And it's really geared to ensure that we never constrain our customers' growth. And our expectations in 2020 is it will have high single digit PC unit volume and against a market that we expect to be flat to down slightly. So we are going to be in good position and meet the market demand in 2020. We look to deliver on our full year outlook and to begin to build the inventory levels to more natural position so that the mix dynamics of what product we sell and when, we can manage the volatility in that much better than we have been able to in the fourth quarter. So supply constraints, we are maniacal about eliminating those so that we can meet customer demand and never have to worry about it.
George Davis: And we will expect to see more small core in the second half which may be part of the dynamic. We haven't really been in the serve that end of the market in the way that we would like to. So that maybe part of what you are looking at.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question, please.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, Bob and George. Let me add my congratulations to the solid results. I guess I have got a similar question to Ross' first question on revenue but mine is going to be on gross margin. If you could just sort of look at the Q1 guide of 61% versus the full year of 59%, I am just trying to understand the puts and take that brings gross margin down throughout the year and exclusively how much of this is kind of you guys baking in some increased competition? Or how much of this is a pull-forward of 7 nanometer? Because 59% is pretty close to what you talked about at the Analyst Day, kind of flattish year-on-year but it is slightly lower and you were pretty explicit about gross margins going down in calendar year 2021. I am just kind of curious is to whether we are getting a pull-forward of the 7 here or what are the puts and takes as you think about gross margin throughout the year?
George Davis: So let me just start with the full year because I think that will be helpful. At the highest level, what you are really seeing is an impact largely related to 10 nanometer cost that are coming into the system during this year and increasing as we go into the second half for all the reasons that Bob laid out. We are actually getting some help that is moderating the impact of that from improving NAND pricing year-over-year, that's actually going to help us on gross margin and lower modem mix particularly in the second half of the year, but in the year overall. So those are the big drivers of modems and that nets out to about a 1% reduction. And in Q1, what you really seeing is lower modem and lower variable comp being the reason that we are moving up a point, say, from Q4. And so nothing unusual other than normally you would have expected to see a much bigger drop in Q1 gross margin because of the mix of products as it's obviously the seasonally down quarter for many of our businesses.
Bob Swan: George, the only thing that I would add is, inherent in our guide is our expectations for lower ASPs and it's a function of two things. One that George mentioned, which is we will eliminate the supply constraints and begin to get more volume on small core which, as you know, has lower ASPs and secondly we are anticipating a more competitive environment as we go to the course of the year. So to kind of bring it back, we are ramping 10 is great and we are ramping 10 in the second half of the year. And in parallel with that, we are investing in 7 in 2020 and in 2021. And those are the things that we flagged back in May at the Analyst Day. And I would say the one thing that's really changed since then, is that our yields on 10 are just a little bit better and they are contributor to slightly better gross margin in the second half of 2019 and we expect that to continue to be a contributor this year as [indiscernible].
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and good job on the quarterly execution. On the full year guide for data centric up high single digits, I appreciate the first half, second half profile on DCG. But how are you guys thinking about growth of DCG within that framework for the full year? Is it in line with the sort of high single digits growth for data centric? And then, within that framework, how do you see the growth trends in other DCG segments, i.e., enterprise and comms service provider? Thank you.
George Davis: Yes. So the way we would look at DCG, I would say the growth rate will be modestly lower than the overall growth rate. You got some very high growers contributing to pulling that up a little bit. So a little below the average but still attractive growth in the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my I question. I wanted to ask a bit about the capacity additions. So I kind of get that adding 25% wafer capacity to support your own volumes going up high single digits in a market that you think is down. Does that imply that you are actually going to be overshipping the market this year as you sort of rebuilt those channel inventories? What does that imply if you are going forward into 2021, where the PC market itself may still be in decline and you will have higher capacity and ideally like die shrink at that point? Like how do we think about that?
George Davis: Yes. I hear your point. One of the things that we mentioned is, we are going to be producing in order to build inventory levels back up in the year. And so in the second half of the year, we would expect to be able to bring both our server products and most importantly, our PC products back to a more normalized inventory level. So we are being up in the high single digits is meant to allow us to not only satisfy our customers but also rebuild inventory. So your math is correct.
Stacy Rasgon: So that's your own inventory? Or inventory in the channel? You are going to be selling that to the customers or keeping it on your books?
George Davis: It will be our own inventory. And then will have to see, if you look at some of the channel information, you might the customers trying to build some inventory as well. But when we are talking about building inventory, it's our inventory levels.
Bob Swan: I would also say, the channel inventories exiting the year for PC, I would say, are relatively low. And that's on us. So I do expect during the course of the year, we will build our inventory levels to more deal with spikes in demand. But at the same time, we expect the channel to be at more healthy levels as we exit 2020 and then through 2021. And then just the one other thing I would mention, as we think about the business overall and kind of the demand signals, we continue to make really good progress on the comms sector, particularly with the growth in the network and the role that we play and the transition to 5G. And we characterize as the intelligent edge, we delivered double digit growth with IoT for the last several years. And network and IoT are bigger and bigger parts of our business. So we think we are very well positioned. So when you think about PC volume, up or down over time, we got this bigger growing aspect of our business that places demand on our manufacturing footprint. So that's the only other thing I would add, Stacy. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Joe Moore: Yes. Thank you. I guess going back to the PC constraints that you are seeing. So you would like to build your inventory back up in, I think you said, early in year. But it seems like we are just a few weeks from you going out to customers and telling them that you would be short. So at what point can they start to add inventory? Are you forecasting that would happen in the second half, in the first half? And then do you feel like when those constraints are eased, that you will be able to take back unit share on the client side?
Bob Swan: Yes. I think first, it was middle of November, I should say, that we went out and we want to be able to provide as much advance notice to our customer base as possible if supply is going to constrain their ability to grow to give them time to deal with it. And in November, with strong data center growth, PC demand continuing to grow and a factory excursion, combination of those things we felt it was very important to get out to our customers as soon as possible. I think as we close the year, one of the favorable things was we got more output from our factories and because of the capacity we put in place in 2018, 2019 and going into 2020, we are really beginning to build back the capacity to meet the demand. So our expectations are, we will have sufficient supply in the first quarter or I should say sufficient supply throughout the year. I think our challenge is really going to be on two things, particularly on Q2 with PCs and that is linearity, not just the supply in the quarter, but week-on-week supply as our customers are hoping for. And then second, particular SKUs or mix, making sure that we have the right product mix. So we will have enough capacity. I think Q2 will be a little challenging as we try to deal with product mix and linearity but overall we really plan to be out of the supply constrained environment in 2020.
Joe Moore: Okay. And then are the shortages anywhere other than client? Is it entirely client? Or are there anything in server or any other products?
Bob Swan: No, we are in pretty good shape on server. And I think that going with 19% growth in fourth quarter depleted our inventory levels. So when you have that kind of spike in demand, we are not perfect across all products or all SKUs. But server CPUs, we really prioritize that and try to put ourselves in a position where we are not constrained and we are in pretty good pretty good shape. Pretty great shape macro. Micro, a few challenges here and there. But server CPU supply is pretty good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your question please.
Christopher Rolland: Hi guys. Thanks for the question. On CapEx, specifically $17 billion, you mentioned some of the parts there. But how do we divide that up between 7 and 5 versus you know what you are doing with 10? And I don't know if you are still adding some 14 even. And as we think about CapEx moving forward and capacity here, how do you guys feel about outsourcing non-CPU products like for example, PSG? Could you outsource that to foundries? How are you thinking about CapEx going forward? Thanks guys.
George Davis: Sure, why not. Maybe I will take CapEx and Bob you can cover the outsourcing piece. So on CapEx, part of the reason we are expecting $17 billion this year is we are building more space. Some of the longer lead time items, one of things that's really impacted us in terms of closing the gap on customer demand and our ability to support it has been not enough space available to fill with equipment which you can do in a much shorter time frame if you already have a space in place. So as we said, over half is going to be for space and then for 7 and 5 nanometer equipment. As you know, we have got all three nodes right on top of each other. And so we are going to be perhaps a little less capital efficient, when you combine that with the fact that we are trying to close the gap on meeting our customers' requirements. And I think all of those things add to the 417 billion. But also we are building for the future to make sure we have the kind of capacity shelf space in place where we can quickly add capacity to meet demand if necessary.
Bob Swan: Yes. And the one other thing is maybe with the exception of litho, the reuse from one node to the next is still relatively high. So what we put in place for a 10 or a 7, for the most part, we can continue to reuse those tools for next generation. And the second part of your question, we have historically leveraged third-party foundries for a long time. And it's always been in the probably 20% to 25% of our overall supply we get from third-party foundries. And we continue to look at, particularly in the non-IA, non-CPU products, we continue to evaluate, in a capital-intense business, where is the best place to have these things manufactured. That's an ongoing process. And I would say, all else equal, the breadth of our portfolio as we play a larger and larger role in our customers' success, we build more products. And with that, the evaluation of what we do inside and what we do outside is a full-time effort at our end. So we will continue to do it. We will continue to prioritize where we can get the best, the most efficient output and make those decisions over time.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks guys.
Trey Campbell: Jonathan, I think we have time for one more question and then we will turn the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question then for the day, comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. George, I wanted to go back to gross margin. I think last quarter, we were talking about 60% for this year and we are now 59% for the year on a little bit better revenue. And yes, it's only 100 basis points less but obviously people are concerned about the competitive environment. So can you just talk specifically to what changed? And maybe as you exit the year, it looks like that number has to be in the 57%, 57.5% range, which is about where you said next year would be, 2021. So is that still a number for next year too? Thanks.
George Davis: Tim, let me just kind of correct the history just a little bit. What we said over the last couple quarters was, when the question was, A, when we look at 58%, which is what we quoted for Q4, does that mean is that the number that we should be expecting for 2020? And also with 57% on the table for 2021, is that where we are? And I said, we will be closer to 60% than we will be to either of those numbers. And so 59% is very much in line with what we believe we were guiding. So I don't really feel like we were down a point. But clearly the fact is that we talked about everything from product mix to 10 nanometer mix. Those are all things that are having an effect, particularly as the year plays out and also the shape of the year. BOB talked about some of things where we will be in, the mix in the first half is going be much richer than we would normally have seen and we may see a little less rich mix in the second half. So I think really nothing more than those type of movements which are very much in line with what we were thinking we would see this year.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome George. Thanks very much.
George Davis: Yes. Thanks Tim.
Bob Swan: Trey, maybe just to wrap. First, thanks for joining us. We feel great about how we wrapped up the year. Our best quarter in the company's history, 2019 the best year in our company's history and our outlook for 2020 is, we will do it again. We expect it to be another record year. And you know, our ambitions have just never been greater. As you know, we are going after a larger TAM. We are expanding the role that we play in our customer's success. We are leveraging our CPU architecture but also evolving beyond the CPU to GPUs and visual processing units as workloads continue to evolve. And given the overall dynamics of the industry, we feel very good about where we stand and we realize it's an increasingly competitive world. We feel like we are well-positioned to deal with it. So thanks again for joining us. Our focus is on obsessing about how we serve our customers best and we expect to do that better and better and that will be what really drives the growth of the company. So thanks and we look forward to another deposit 90 days from now.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Bob and George and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, can you please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Trey Campbell, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel's third quarter earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder, that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks ,Trey. Q3, 2019 was the best quarter in our company's history. We generated $19.2 billion in revenue and a $1.42 in non-GAAP EPS, exceeding our guidance by $1.2 billion and $0.18, respectively. We've achieved record revenue both overall and in our data centric businesses while making continued progress on our strategic priorities. Simply put, our ambitions have never been greater. We are growing share in a large and expanding $300 billion market opportunity fueled by the exponential growth of data, which is reshaping computing. I want to start with a recap of our May Analyst Day and our three priorities; accelerating growth, improving execution, and deploying capital for attractive returns. First, growth. It starts with the core belief. We are at a key inflection point with the exponential growth of data creating massive demand for semiconductors. Cloud workloads are diversifying, networks are transforming, and more computing performance is moving to the edge. We've been on a multi-year journey to reposition the company's portfolio to take advantage of this industry catalyst. Today we have the product and technology leadership that uniquely positions us to capitalize on these trends and we're investing in the IP required to help our customers win the inflections of the future. The opportunity is massive. As we told you in May, we expect to generate $85 billion in revenue and $6 in EPS in three to four years. But that doesn't happen just by saying it. Achieving this goal means delivering on our operational and financial priorities every 90 days. Growth starts with our core business for our workload optimized platforms are winning in a highly competitive marketplace. It's now been nine quarters since the first Xeon Scalable processor launched and we're proud to have delivered over 23 million units as customers rely on Xeon to power their data-centric workloads. In the third quarter, leading cloud customers ramped our second-generation Xeon Scalable processors with AWS, Google, and Alibaba deploying instances based on Cascade Lake. Customers including BP and TU Darmstadt selected our highest performance Xeon Scalable platform, the 9200 series for their most demanding workloads. One key reason customers are choosing Xeon Scalable is the platform's built-in workload acceleration for AI. With the combination of Intel deep learning boost and AVX-512 technologies, we're seeing advantages of up to 9x in AI influence versus competitors' CPUs. We also see cloud and enterprise momentum building for our breakthrough memory technology, Intel Optane. This quarter we announced a strategic collaboration with Oracle. Oracle is incorporating the high performance capabilities of Intel Optane, DC persistent memory into its next generation Exadata platform, which powers high performance database infrastructure at most of the world's leading banks, telecoms, and retailers. And in Client Computing, we're excited that all our major PC OEM customers have Ice Lake designs with 18 already shipping out of a total 30 expected to launch this year. We recently announced the next generation of Intel Xeon W- and X-series processors for high-end desktops. These platforms lead the industry in bringing Intel deep learning boost powered AI acceleration into high-end PCs and mainstream workstations for the first time. Available soon, these products deliver performance and value that give enthusiasts and creators more reasons to keep choosing Intel. We've also embarked on a multi-year program called Project Athena that charts a course for the PC ecosystem to raise the bar on laptop innovation. Amazing devices like the Dell XPS 13, two-in-one, and the HP Elite Dragonfly, that meet the Project Athena spec are already available. Our PC and server franchises are vital, but our ambitions are even greater. We're extending our product leadership to power, and increasing the 5G and AI enabled world. We have multi-billion dollar networking and IoT edge businesses, delivering double-digit growth, and AI is driving significant revenue across our product portfolio. We began investing 10 years ago in network, IT, SOC capabilities, and software, so that we could drive workload convergence on Intel's silicon. Today, we achieved number one share in the network and silicon market, with expected 2019 revenue of more than $5 billion growing at 12% this year. We're also well positioned for 5G deployments in 2020 and expect to grow our market segment share and wireless base stations to 40% by 2022. And we're ready for the next market inflection as 5G enabled significant new IoT and edge growth opportunities that extend from in-network and on-premise edge equipment to smart connected endpoints. Winning here means blending the right compute performance per watt with the emerging killer apps of the edge. Computer vision and AI Inference acceleration, these are the differentiating capabilities that have propelled our IOTG and Mobileye businesses to leadership share and a combined annual revenues approaching $5 billion. The businesses are also growing quickly, up 18% year-to-date excluding Wind River. We're only at the bend of the curve in the edge opportunity, and we're investing to lead. Finally, Artificial Intelligence. AI is becoming a pervasive use case. According to IDC, 75% of enterprise applications will use AI by 2021, and that's why we're infusing AI in everything we build. But this isn't just about the future. We are driving meaningful AI revenue Inside Intel now. With products spanning from the Data Center to the Edge, we expect to generate more than $3.5 billion in AI driven data-centric revenue in 2019, up more than 20% year-over-year. We're confident in our growth, but we also need to improve our execution on multiple fronts. First, supply, we've increased our output in response to stronger-than-expected demand. We've invested record levels of CapEx the last two years to expand our capacity and support our customers' growth. With that investment, we've increased our 14-nanometer capacity 25% this year, while also ramping 10-nanometer production. We expect our second-half PC client supply will be up double-digits compared to the first-half, and we expect to further increase our PC client supply by mid-to-high single-digits in 2020, but that growth hasn't been sufficient. We're letting our customers down, and they're expecting more from us. PC demand has exceeded our expectations and surpassed third-party forecasts. We now think the market is stronger than we forecasted back in Q2, which has made building inventory buffers difficult. We are working hard to regain supply demand balance, but we expect to continue to be challenged in the fourth quarter. Our manufacturing process node execution is also improving. We have Fabs and Oregon in Israel and volume production on 10-nanometer and will soon start 10-nanometer production in Arizona. Yields are improving ahead of expectations for both client and data center products. The Intel 10-nanometer product era has begun and our new 10th Gen Core Ice Lake processors are leading the way. In Q3, we also shipped our first 10-nanometer Agilex FPGAs. And in 2020, we'll continue to expand our 10-nanometer portfolio with exciting new products including an AI Inference Accelerator, 5G base station SoC, Xeon CPUs for server storage and network and a discrete GPU. This quarter we've achieved power on exit for our first discrete GPU DG1 an important milestone. As we discussed at the May Investor Meeting, we are accelerating the pace of process node introductions and moving back to a two to two-and-a-half year cadence. Our process technology and design engineering teams are working closely to ease process design complexity and balance schedule, performance, power and cost. We are on track to launch our first 7-nanometer based products, a data center focused discrete GPU in 2021 two years after the launch of 10-nanometer. We are also well down the engineering path on 5-nanometer. Last, a few thoughts on our capital deployment priorities. We are confident in our future and our Board has approved an additional $20 billion share buyback authorization. We have an excellent balance sheet generate strong free cash flow and continue to invest in R&D and CapEx to grow. We've also returned 100% free cash flow to shareholders over the last 10 years. At the same time we're making trade-offs. While we've increased R&D spending by more than a $1 billion since 2015, we have reduced our total spending by nine points over the same period. Additionally, we have established clear criteria for our big bets like Mobileye, 5G and memory and storage. Our ambitions are to play a larger role in our customers' success and generate attractive returns for our shareholders. And if we can't do both, we'll take swift action. We are making great progress with our Mobileye acquisition. We've now shipped over 12 million IQ devices this year, up more than 40% over the same period last year. And in the third quarter, we delivered record revenue and secured six major new design wins totaling nearly 10 million lifetime units. We've increased our investment in 5G, but we've also announced our 5G smartphone modem exit and the sale of the IMFT fab to Micron. We expect those to close in the fourth quarter and we continue to take steps to improve 3D NAND profitability and reduced memory CapEx investments, while evaluating a variety of partnership options that can accelerate the path to profitability and improve returns. We are confident in our multi-year business plan and consistent with that we are increasing our buyback commitment. We expect to repurchase approximately 20 billion shares over the next 15 months to 18 months. We will fund the buyback from proceeds we generate from partnerships and/or non-core asset dispositions and by returning approximately 100% of 2020 free cash flow to investors. In summary, our energies are focused on accelerating our growth, improving our execution and allocating our capital wisely. Thanks to the team for a great quarter. And now, I'll hand the call over to George for more details on our Q3 results and business outlook.
George Davis: Thanks Bob, and good afternoon everyone. We had an outstanding Q3, with record revenue of $19.2 billion approximately flat year-on-year, and $1.2 billion higher than guide. We saw a record data-centric revenue of $9.5 billion, representing just under 50% of our total revenue an all-time high. DCG, IOTG, NSG and Mobileye, all individually achieved record revenue in the quarter. PC-centric revenue was down 5% year-on-year on a very tough compare. Q3 operating margin was approximately 36%, one point ahead of our guide on revenue strength and spending leverage. Gross margin for the quarter was 60.4%, modestly below expectations as strong flow through of higher DCG revenue was more than offset by mix effects of higher than expected NAND revenues and one-time impacts in NSG including the absence of an expected grant associated with our NAND factory. Q3 EPS was $1.42 $0.18 above our guide. The results demonstrate strong top line performance, expense discipline, increased share buybacks as well as non-operational factors like lower tax rate offset by the one-time items in our NSG business. Year-to-date, we have generated $11.7 billion of free cash flow and returned $14.3 billion to shareholders. Operating margin of 36% in the quarter was down approximately four points versus last year as ASP strength in our server and client businesses and lower spending were more than offset by NAND pricing degradation, changes in modem reserves, platform volume declines and higher cost as we ramp our 10-nanometer client products. EPS was up 1% or $0.02 year-over-year as lower operating margin was offset by lower share count, the absence of one-time impairments related to the IMFT joint venture and a lower tax rate. Our non-GAAP tax rate in Q3 was approximately 11%, down one point versus last year and below our 13% guide. As we reported a better than expected tax benefit related to our non-U.S. sales on our recently filed 2018 U.S. tax return as well as for the 2019 tax year. Let's move to segment performance. Our Data Center Group had record revenue at $6.4 billion, up 4% from the prior year on our recently filed 2018 U.S. tax return as well as for the 2019 tax year. Let's move to segment performance. Our Data Center Group had record revenue at $6.4 billion, up 4% from the prior year and up 28% sequentially. These results beat our expectations with platform ASPs up 9% year-over-year on strong adoption of our highest performance second-gen Xeon Scalable products. Against the tough year-over-year compare, platform units were down 6% while DCG adjacencies achieved 12% revenue growth driven by our connectivity solutions. DCG growth segments, cloud and comms, now represent over two-thirds of total DCG revenue. Cloud revenue was up 3% year-over-year. Returning to growth after a historic 2018 platform refresh as cloud service providers exited a three quarter passivity absorption cycle. Enterprise and government revenue came in ahead of expectations growing 1% on strong mix and better China demand while communication service provider’s revenue increased 11% on continued adoption and share gains of IA-based solutions. We estimate in Q3 that the enterprise and government and communications service provider segment benefited from trade-related demand pull-ins of approximately $200 million in revenue from Q4. As a result of the strong top line performance, DCG achieved record quarterly operating income and operating margin of 49% was up 13 points sequentially. Our other data-centric businesses were up 13% year-over-year, and Q3 marked IOTG's first $1 billion revenue quarter, up 9% year-over-year, underscoring Intel's expanding opportunity at the edge. IOTG operating income was down 4% year-over-year due to lower benefits from inventory reserves and a mix shift to lower margin products.  Mobileye revenue and operating income were up year-over-year 20% and 29%, respectively on continued ADAS penetration and new program launches. NSG revenue return to growth, up 19% on continued bit growth, partially offset by year-over-year pricing declines. These pricing declines along with the one-time impacts discussed earlier contributed to NSG's operating loss of approximately $500 million. PSG revenue grew 2% year-over-year on continued strength in wireless, partially offset by softness in Cloud and Enterprise. And operating income was down 13% on segment product mix. DCG revenue was $9.7 billion, down 5% year-over-year as ASP strength, partially offset lower platform volume. PC unit volumes were down 10% versus Q3 2018, where we benefited from drawing down internal inventory to satisfy demand. We continue to be supply constrained in Q3, particularly at the value end of the market as higher than expected PC demand strength continues to outpace our supply despite the capacity additions that Bob discussed earlier. Adjacencies grew 10% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for modems and connectivity solutions. Operating margin was 44% flat year-on-year as lower revenue was offset by lower spending driven by the 5G smartphone modem exit. Year-to-date, we have generated $23.3 billion in operating cash flow and invested $11.5 billion in CapEx. We also returned 122% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. During the quarter we ramped buybacks purchasing 92 million shares at an average price of $48.78 per share. Now moving to the full-year outlook. As a result of our strong Q3 operating performance and momentum into Q4, we are increasing our revenue outlook for 2019 by $1.5 billion to $71 billion. We expect revenue from our data-centric businesses to be flat to slightly up for the full year and expect our PC-centric business to be flat to slightly down both improving versus prior guidance. Operating margin for the year is expected to be approximately 32.5%, up 0.5 point from our prior guide. Full year expectations for gross margin are unchanged at approximately 60%. We expect Q4 gross margin to be down two to 2.5 points sequentially as we continue to ramp 10-nanometer and will have sold through the previously reserved inventory consistent with prior expectations. Expectations for full year spending are unchanged, down approximately $900 million year-on-year. As a result, non-GAAP EPS for the year is now expected to be $4.60, up $0.20 from our July guide on the strong top line performance and tight expense control. We are raising gross CapEx by $0.5 billion to $16 billion, as a result of increased 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer investments. And we are raising our free cash flow guide by $1 billion to $16 billion. Let's turn to Q4. After adjusting for the impact of trade related pull-ins in DCG, we expect Q4 revenue of $19.2 billion, up 3% year-over-year and flat sequentially. Data-centric businesses are expected to be up 6% to 8% year-over-year on continued cloud recovery and sequential NAND pricing growth. Our PC-centric business is expected to be flat to slightly down year-over-year. We expect Q4 operating margin of approximately 33.5% and a tax rate of 13.5%. EPS is expected to be $1.24, down sequentially on lower gross margin, lower below the line non-operational benefits and a higher tax rate. In summary, we are very pleased with the Company's strong operating performance and we will be very focused over the quarter on delivering a record year. With that, let me turn it back over to Trey.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of CJ Muse from Evercore. Your question please.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon and thank you for taking the question. I guess a question on the data center side, it's just it's – to square up the numbers, it looks like you're suggesting DCG, up maybe 5% year-on-year. So, can you speak to the accuracy of that, and then I guess bigger picture the comm service provider side clearly a very large source of strength for you guys, up 11% year-on-year and now representing more than 40% of the mix. So, curious if you can kind of speak to the most important drivers of that business and how you're thinking about growth over the next one, two, three years? Thank you. 
Bob Swan: Yeah. Thanks, CJ. First, you're – we gave a DC centric guide of 6% to 8%, and yeah, I would – we didn't get DCG specifically, but I would say it's a little bit lower than our 6% to 8% data center growth. So, you're in the ballpark. On comm service, the comms this has been an extremely important aspect of the business for a number of years now where we've seen the programmability at the network with NFV and software defined networks, an opportunity for us to migrate the networking environment to IA architecture. So, we've been doing this for a number of years, it's been a source of growth for us over time. And in the quarter, the 11% growth was significant in and of itself, but remember last year's third quarter was also up in the mid-to-high 20s. So, we continue to make great progress. What we see going forward in this business is really a big opportunity in 5G so next year you're going to see – yeah, our good progress has been on 3G and 4G, next year we see real design wins that we've achieved real growth as we go into it a 5G world where we continue to see what we characterize as cloudification of the network. More and more compute moving from the cloud and data centers out to a network in edge and that's been an opportunity for us that we've been invested in over the past, and we expect to be a big source of growth for us going forward. Thanks CJ.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the solid results. I want to stick with DCG Bob. If you look impressive that ASPs were up 9% year-over-year, especially as the mix shifted toward the comms business, which I believe tends to be lower ASPs. It's also happening in the quarter, where you're seeing your competitor ramping their next generation chips. So, I guess I'm trying to understand, what's the power of the Xeon Scalable upgrade cycle you referred to in your prepared comments, what innings are we in, in your mind, how much of an ASP lift can that give you, and do you anticipate any unusual pricing action as competition heats up in this market?
Bob Swan: Boy, was that your one question, John?
John Pitzer: Multi – multiple parts.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Okay. So first I'd say in our – yeah, obviously we're well into Skylake, but the transition now is in the Cascade Lake and that's a higher performance SKU. In the quarter, the high ASPs were really driven by particularly cloud customers really move into the highest-end product within the Cascade Lake family. So, we're seeing the transition from Skylake to Cascade Lake and within Cascade Lake a real high performance SKU, that's our highest, highest performance ASP. So, that mix dynamic in Q3, I don't expect that to stay where it is. I think we'll go to more of a balance as we get into Q4 next year. And in terms of competitive dynamics, I would just say that we've got a great lineup of products. We got Skylake to Cascade Lake; first half of next year, we're looking at Cooper Lake. As we talked before, we're really excited about Ice Lake server coming out in the second half of next year, and we realize that it will be a more competitive environment and we've tried to capture in essence on how we think about 2020's both demand – demand equation, but also the margins that we flagged a little bit on the – on our Q2 call or back at Analyst Day, I think. So good, good quarter, good momentum first half to second half, high performance SKUs driving real high ASPs even though you're right. The ASPs with comms have a tendency to be a little bit lower. I think that's...
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk to the shortages a little bit more. And, I guess, in the context of how much you said you brought 14-nanometer capacity up. And I realize demand is better, but it seems like it’s a few points better and yet the shortages are intensifying. Can you just talk a little bit about that and when do you think we'll be in a position where you don't have those tensions in your business anymore?
Bob Swan: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Joe. First, I'd just kind of try to put it into context. Over the course of the last three years, I guess, we've grown the business by about 20%, so $13 billion in revenue over the last three years, and the practical reality is we didn't anticipate that kind of explosive growth three years ago, so we didn't have the capacity in place to deal with it, and we've been working our tails off for the last 12 months to ensure for our customers that we wouldn't be a constraint on their growth. From the last two years, I think, as you know, we've spent over $30 billion in CapEx to both, have more capacity for 14, while we also begin to ramp 10. In my prepared comments I said, we added 25% wafer start capacity 2018 to 2019. Our first half to second half unit volume will be up double-digits. So we're making good progress throughout the course of the year, but our expectations were in the second half, we would be back in a supply/demand equilibrium. And the fact of the matter is we're not there, because the demand profile that's resulted in our $1.5 billion higher revenue is just higher than we had anticipated. So we have more work to do to meet our customers' demands in the fourth quarter and going into 2020. As we see fourth quarter, we're still going to be a constraint in our customers' growth, which is absolutely where we do not want to be. But with the higher demand, we will be constraining their growth in the fourth quarter. But as we go into 2020, our expectations are, we'll add another 25% capacity both for 14 and 10 and that we will have particularly for PC client we expect to be able to do a mid-to-high single-digit unit volume growth next year and that we don't expect the market to grow that fast. But we got to have just more inventory buffers, so we're there when our customers need it. So Q4 will be a little challenging and 2020, we expect to be able to rectify things.
Joe Moore: Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Bank of Montreal. Your question, please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Bob, I wanted to go to the triarchy and the cadence that you talked about bringing it back to two, two-and-a-half year. Is that -- because my understanding it is that they were just simply laws of physics that were causing the cadence to stretch out. So what problems have the engineers and the process folk solved out there and -- or is it just limited to the 7-nanometer. And then you would revisit that again? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yeah it's a good question. Last -- back in our Analyst Day, we tried to go through this in quite a bit of detail, both, one, kind of our lessons learned coming out of the challenges we had with 10 and how we're capturing those lessons learned as we think about the next two generations. But first our focus and energy is right now around scaling 10. And, as we said, we feel very good about the capacity we put in place, the products we have coming down the pipeline and the yields that we're achieving, almost week-on-week improvement over the last six months. So for 10, we feel really good. Second, when we put the design rules in for 7-nanometer, we were less aggressive in terms of density. Our learning from going from 14 to 10 is with a benefit of hindsight, we were just -- we tried to scale at a 2.7 factor and that was -- that ended up putting too much invention or revolutionary nodes into the fab environment to meet those kind of hurdles and the learning from that is, we just can't hit those kind of really aggressive targets, when, to your point, the dynamics are getting increasingly challenging. So lots of learnings out of 10. Our transition to 10 that we incorporated into 7, the design the design rules there's less complexity and for the last couple of years that we've been working with EUV. Litho has been the challenge. We've had EUV that we've been working with for a few years now and we expect to use EUV as we scale 7. And we indicated that our first product will be two years from this quarter. So fourth quarter of 2021, our first 7-nanometer product will come out and our expectation is that we'll get back on a two-year cadence from 7 and beyond. So lots of learnings out of 10-nanometer that we've incorporated, and we said back in May and we reiterated today, we expect to be back to a two to two-and-a-half year cadence going forward at least for the next few nodes. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you. 
Bob Swan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research. Your question please.
Pierre Ferragu: Hey, thank you for taking my question. I'll ask one question, but maybe you have [Technical Difficulty]
George Davis: Pierre, you are breaking up
Pierre Ferragu: Okay, is it better now? Okay. So my question is really that if you look at the landscapes your [Technical Difficulty] And so my question is, what's your perception on the evolution with your competitive landscape in the last three months? Are things may be in line with what you had in mind and what you were expecting when we spoke over the summer? And then how much of the footprint you have in your data center you think you can lose to competition with that in mind?
George Davis: Pierre, let me kind of reframe that maybe. I think you're talking about competition and how we feel about that or now maybe both of the PC and the data center level and I'll -- maybe I'll jump in on the PC, because I think the year-over-year compare on Q3 is it could be causing to some concern. Just a reminder in Q3 of last year, we had basically drawn down more than we can have of inventory that -- which went into the channel and so when you do compares year-over-year on Q3 PC looks a little bit like on demand. Really as we look over the last 90 days, we haven't seen any difference in our view of the competitive dynamics. We are clearly being impacted significantly on the value end of the market which is a supply issue for us. It's one of the reasons why we're building volume capacity -- continuing to build volume capacity into 2020 because we think it gives us an opportunity to compete for those units again next year.  Bob, I don't know if you want to comment on the DCG side?
Bob Swan: Yeah, I'll try because I'm not exactly sure I got the question. But, you know, in terms of competitiveness if that's the question…
George Davis: That was, yeah.
Bob Swan: Look it's a more competitive world. And in that world we just raised our full year outlook by $1.5 billion and increased our operating margins. So yeah, I think, competitively nothing's really changed in the last three months, six months, nine months relative to what we expected. And our -- the only thing that's really changed is our performance. But we do know that going into next year that our role is to dramatically expand the role we play in our customers' success. So we're expanding the product, the architectures, the packaging technologies, the process capabilities and the software that we build. So we can continue to deliver better and better product performance for our customers. And yeah, I'd just say that we feel -- we feel really good about where we are. But we're not complacent by any means in terms of an increased competitive environment as we go into 2020.
Pierre Ferragu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could tell us within your enterprise cloud and comm businesses in DCG, in the quarter, how much of each of those was driven by China? And given the $200 million pull forward across enterprise and cloud that you mentioned -- enterprise and comm that you mentioned, was that beef in enterprise relative to your expectations more or less than $200 million?
George Davis: Yeah, I think Stacy, you've got the numbers right. $200 million was on the enterprise and government and comms area and that's -- I would say it was more in line with our expectations once you take out that 200 number. We had expected it to come up a little bit, the growth year-over-year was definitely above our expectations and--
Stacy Rasgon: So, by more than $200 million?
George Davis: Yeah that was -- yeah that was -- that was a fairly big number for us relative to our expectations.
Stacy Rasgon: So, how much of enterprise was China then?
Rob Swan: Yeah. Look I think in terms of the makeup of the business for data center, you got roughly two-thirds is cloud and comms and roughly one-third is enterprise and government. So, that that as you know has changed dramatically over the years as we've continued to grow our presence in the cloud and as I mentioned earlier to Joe's question I think gained share in comms. So, now we're in kind of a two-third/one-third state and enterprise and government was across the Board in DCG in the quarter. The strength was much higher than we anticipated back in July. We had a first half to second half acceleration, but the acceleration was just more than we expected. And I would say we saw strength across the Board. But as we look at the EMG growth in particular, we're trying to determine what is kind of -- what has a tendency if they pull in versus what can we count on as we project things forward. And our best guess on our stronger performances of the $1.2 billion that we were over roughly $200 million of that was particularly related to enterprise and government, particularly related to China. Thanks Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. Bob it sounds like for 10-nanometer, it sounds like Ice Lake is still on track for the second half of next year and it sounds like the 7-nanometer GPGPU is still on track for 2021. You did talk about for the first time about 5-nanometer. So, can you talk a little bit about how you think of make versus outsource? And really what I'm after is sort of anything sacred or if go into a foundry partner to make CPU or maybe even like a chiplet strategy. If that would eliminate a significant piece of your competitive disadvantage, would you consider that or is that sort of off the table for now? Thanks.
Rob Swan: Yeah I mean first to the comment. Yeah nothing new about process relative to what we said at Analyst Day ramp 10 two year cadence for 7 and our expectations at the cadence going forward to be more at two to two and a half year timeframe. So, intently focused on 10 now and 7 for the products you mentioned in the fourth quarter. So, we're investing to recapture process leadership going forward. At the same time, it's going to be extremely open-minded about how do we ensure that we're building the best products and where we build them was -- is something that we will always evaluate. I think as you know with the other foundry players, they've been a source of our capacity over the years and our expectation is to the extent that they can do something to support our growth better and/or for peak kind of demands, we're always going to look at how do we evaluate the opportunity set that's going to position us best to meet our customers' demand for the growing diversity of products that we have in our portfolio.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. I wanted to ask on gross margin. A year ago on your third quarter call, Bob you gave some directional commentary on what you thought for the out-year for 2019. Today, as we look into 2020. You have a lot of moving parts with two nodes ramping 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer yields competition lots of moving parts admittedly. But I was hoping at least versus maybe the fourth quarter exit rate this year that you could give some puts and takes on how you're feeling about next year's gross margin?
George Davis: Hey, Ross. This is George. Maybe I'll take that. Actually, there is – with respect to 2020. There is no material change to my characterization on the last call, where we were talking about a 58% outlook for Q4 and 57% in 2021. And the question was well should that – are those good proxies for 2020, and my point was now we think we'll be closer to 60% than to those numbers. But, if you want to think about tailwinds and headwinds going into 2020 that we look at, as we think about that number. So tailwinds will be obviously we're going to have lower modem in the mix next year. Memory is starting to come out of that deep down ASP period, and we think volumes are going to be up as we get a little better supply and demand situation. The headwinds that we're very mindful of is obviously 10-nanometer ramping is – it can be a little bit of a headwind on margins, and also competitive impacts on ASPs. So, those are the – those are the things that we'll continue to look at, but as we look at those today no material change at all from my previous comments.
Ross Seymore: Well, thank you.
Bob Swan: I would probably just, I guess echo. In all the complexity and all the moving parts – George kind of flagged the – where I'd characterize the four things that we're really dialing in on. One, going into next year mix is going to be better as our modem volume will be lower and our NSG profitability will be better. So, mix is going to have a – mix has been a drag on 2019's gross margin, and it will be a big contributor as we go into 2020. And secondly, on the first half of 2019, we had a lot of the – on cost of sales related to pre-PRQ 10-nanometer products. So that will not repeat itself. So those two things are good favorable things. The third thing is just George flagged this I just simplified. There's no transition and for us no transition next year is going to be 14-nanometer, we'll be a little better in terms of its profitability. Yields won't be dramatically different because we're extremely mature. But depreciation levels will be lower, because a lot of these tools have been fully depreciated, there because we've been on that node for so long. So, for the node transition 14 will be a little bit better. Our expectation is 10-nanometer yields will continue to improve, but at the same time the mix of 10 versus 14 will be a little bit of a wait. So, no transition will work against us. And we also - we've tried the best we can take into account competitive dynamics as we exit this year and going into next year in our quest to play a bigger role in our customers' success. We're going to compete to protect our position and expand the role we play. So those are the four things and lots of complexity and lots of moving parts, but we – a year ago we dialed in 2019 pretty well. Now, we've got to dial in 2020 as well.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for all the detail.
Trey Campbell: Operator, I think we'll have time for two more calls.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your question please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Bob, you mentioned you're still facing some capacity shortages. I wanted to understand how you are planning capacity for next year. What proportion will be 14? What will be 10? And will that mix require a higher or similar level of capital intensity as we saw this year?
Bob Swan: Yeah. I mean, our intention next year is to not be a constraint on our customer's growth first and foremost. And given that, what I indicated is we expect to increase capacity by 25% next year, which is the same kind of level that we did this year. We expect to do that again. So, we believe that data center we've been in pretty decent shape, but for client we just want to get to mid-single-digit kind of unit output -- mid to high-single-digit unit output. So one, we can meet what we expect customer demand profiles to be. But also -- so, we can rebuild buffer levels of inventory, so we can deal with these peaks, et cetera. So, we're trying to put the capacity in place that we think will meet the customer demand and try to give us the inventory buffer that has been depleted over the course of the last nine months or so. In terms of capital, and I would just say, we'll probably give you more detail on that come January, but George kind of laid out back in May a multi-year view of capital and wasn't any dramatic changes from kind of where we are now. But obviously that will be a function of growth.
George Davis: I would just add one thing to remind everybody is that in 2019 we made a major shift from move to spending capital in the memory area to moving that capital over to expand our -- both our 10-nanometer and some 14-nanometer, we continue to add capacity in 14-nanometer and began adding capacity at 7-nanometer as well. So, we are very focused on getting the capacity in place that will allow us to take the word shortage out of our quarterly discussions.
Vivek Arya: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today then comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and great job on the quarterly execution. Last time we had a cloud and enterprise spending digestion paused was first half of 2017. It's kind of the same setup as is passed by similar to 2017. DCG had strong second half growth, and in fact back in 2017 it kicked off what was a four or five quarter period of strong spending by your cloud customers. Do you guys get a sense in discussions with your customers that the spending reacceleration is sustainable for the next few quarters? I mean if I look at things like compute workload growth that continues at a strong pace. Workload themselves are getting more complex and so, just wanted to get your views on sustainability of this strong growth profile in DCG into next year.
Bob Swan: Yeah. So, to -- I think the trends, the macro trends that we see haven't subsided at all. And that is this insatiable appetite for the creation of data and the need to compute -- process store move make that data more relevant. Those macro trends have been very -- had been very attractive for the long -- for a while. And we expect those to continue, but to your point, the -- our experience with the cloud providers as they go through big buying cycles and then relatively long digestion periods. What we did experience last year was a gang -- gang-buster year. But it's been three quarters coming into the third quarter, where they went through digestions. And what we started to see in the third quarter was particularly for high performance compute started to see them come back into the market to really begin to -- begin to purchase a little bit more. So how long that cycle lasts is going to be a function of several variables. But yes their end demand seems to continue to be relatively strong. And therefore, they need to add capacity. We think will follow their end demand, given they have been out of the market a little bit for about three quarters now -- up to -- up till Q3.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Harlan. And we're going to hand the call back over to Bob for some closing comments.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Look thanks for -- thanks for joining us. We feel great about the quarter, it's -- we're looking at -- we had a record quarter where about raising our outlook for the full year. The market we see, the trends we see, are as big as they've ever been. And we're really focused on continuing to deliver for our customers. 10-nanometer area is now. We're ramping a multitude of products, we have increased confidence, in 5-nanometer. And as we mentioned, for seven and five getting back to a two-and-a-half two year cadence is what we're focused on. And we're confident in the future. And you're seeing both in the first nine months of the year as well as with our higher share buyback that we're putting your money where -- to work to reduce the flow. Because we think there is disconnect between the intrinsic values of the plan we shared with you back in May and how we're trading. So, with our balance sheet we're taking advantage of that. So thanks for -- thanks for joining us. Thanks for your questions. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Bob and George. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. Operator, could you please go ahead and wrap-up the call?
Operator: Certainly, thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, operator. And welcome everyone to Intel's second quarter earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Mark. The second quarter was significantly stronger than we forecasted in April and our results demonstrated our customer's preference to the performance of Intel XPUs as workloads grow, diversify, and become increasingly complex. That leads for performance manifested in strong mix in ASPs across the business. Our Q2 results are proof points for the megatrends that underpin our strategy. The world's insatiable appetite for data is driving demand for solutions to process, store and move it faster and better. Customers want to work with partners, who can deliver performance and platforms to address their most important technology challenges. Our data-centric businesses overall performed roughly in line with our April expectations. Data center and IoTG customers chose our highest-performing products leading to strong mix in ASPs. While our cloud customers absorb capacity they put in place over the last year, we continue to expect cloud demand to improve in the second half. Enterprise and government spending remains weak however, particularly in China. PC demand continued to improve particularly in the commercial segment. We now expect the PC TAM to be up slightly for the full year. Strong demand for our highest-performing products and the productivity and TCO gains they deliver continues. Mix was stronger than we anticipated. While small core supply improved we were not able to fully satisfy customer demand for these SKUs in the second quarter. Tariffs and trade uncertainties created anxiety across our customers supply chain and drove a pull-in of client CPU orders into the second quarter. We also halted shipments to certain customers in response to the U.S. government's revised entity list. After a thorough review, we were able to resume shipments of some products in compliance with regulations and the net impact on the second quarter was limited. While we hope and expect trade issues to be resolved, further tightening of export restrictions would come with revenue risk to our business. As a result, we entered the second half of the year a little more cautious than we were 90 days ago. We met with many of you in May at our investor meeting, where we outlined three major thrusts of our game plan to transform our company and grow. First, we're pursuing the largest opportunity in our company's history a nearly $300 billion TAM comprised not just of CPUs for PCs and servers, but of XPUs and adjacent technologies for an incredibly wide range of workloads and devices. Second, we're strengthening our product leadership by accelerating the rate of innovation. And third, we're evolving our culture and improving our execution so that we can play an even greater role in our customer's growth and success. I'll take a few minutes to share some of the progress we're making. I'll start with expanding our opportunity and expanding our TAM. Over the last few years, we have dramatically expanded our served market, while the PC market was declining. Our served market now is more than five times larger and growing faster and we have reallocated spending to expand our capabilities in higher growth areas. We are evolving Intel Inside from a CPU inside a PC to XPUs inside everything that processes stores and moves data. Big bets in 5G, AI and autonomous systems are an important part of this transformation. In May, I outlined a disciplined framework for investing in and evaluating big bets as we expand into new markets. First, we'll invest where we have an opportunity to lead major technology inflection. Second, our investments should allow us to play a larger role in our customers' success. And finally, they must show a clear path to profitability and attractive returns. Network infrastructure, which is transforming as the industry transitions to 5G, is one of our most important areas of investment and we are laser-focused on this opportunity. This business is growing at a 40% CAGR since 2014 from just over $1 billion in revenue to more than $4 billion last year. The network cloudification that comes with 5G expands our opportunity in the core network and at the edge, as more data moves closer to where it is created. We expect to be in production on Snow Ridge, Intel's 10-nanometer system-on-chip technology for 5G base stations early next year. We've already announced that two large telecom equipment manufacturers have committed to this architecture and we're on track to 40% share in this market segments by 2022. While the 5G network opportunity meets each of our investment criteria, the 5G smartphone opportunity does not. This is why we decided to exit the 5G smartphone modem business and conduct an analysis of our options for the remaining parts of that portfolio. Today, we announced the sale of the majority of our 5G smartphone modem business to Apple. This deal preserves Intel's access to critical IP we have developed. It enables us to focus on the more profitable 5G network opportunity where we are growing and winning share. Another growth market we're gaining share is the Internet of Things. We are using our architecture accelerators and software assets, combined with unmatched scale and partners to develop one of the industry's fastest-growing IoT portfolios. Taken together, the IoTG and Mobileye businesses grew at 22% over last year after adjusting for the sale of Wind River. More intelligence is moving to the edge and more industries want to harness the power of data to create business value innovate and grow. Devices and systems are becoming more autonomous. This is a trend IoTG is shaping and capitalizing on. Our team's work is producing outstanding results. In the second quarter, we grew at roughly 3x the market rate and are positioned to significantly outgrow the market over time. Here again, we saw demand for performance and strength across all verticals we served with computer vision being an especially critical workload. Mobileye is positioned to lead another huge opportunity, autonomous driving. This business has grown at more than 30% CAGR since we acquired them in 2017. Our market leadership continues to build momentum with 20 new design wins this year, representing 11 million lifetime units. Nissan's ProPILOT 2.0 and NIO's pilot vehicles have begun production featuring Mobileye base L2+ system for hands-free assisted driving technology. I visited the Mobileye team in Israel last month and was treated to an autonomous ride through the streets of Jerusalem. The progress we are making in Level four and Level five autonomy is extraordinary. Our mobility as a service JV with VW for deploying a commercial robotaxi service in Tel Aviv by 2022 is on track. Global coverage of REM or Road Experience Management mobilized real-time crowdsourced mapping capability is expanding rapidly. Several major auto OEMs, most recently Ford, are adopting this breakthrough data-centric capability. To understand the power of this data consider this; 1.5 million kilometers is sent to the cloud daily for BMW production vehicles. With the data collected from just the last four weeks, Mobileye was able to automatically map 94% of the German Autobahn and motorway network. And the commercial opportunity for REM extends beyond real-time maps for vehicles. Since announcing the agreement earlier this year, Mobileye and Ordnance Survey have jointly launched a service that delivers high-precision road network location data to companies across multiple sectors. Artificial intelligence is a $10 billion data center silicon opportunity by 2023. And today it's fueling cloud customer demand for solutions that accelerate demand in AI workloads. This is evidenced by the fact that key cloud customers, most recently Baidu, are collaborating on our Nervana Neural Network Processor for Training or NNP-T. NNP-T will sample to customers later this year expanding our already diverse AI portfolio which spans multiple architectures including ASICs like NNPI, TPUs, GPUs, and FPGAs, all unified by single programming model, One API. The second major element of our game plan is extending product leadership by accelerating the rate of innovation. The future of computing will require a solution-oriented mindset building on six pillars of innovation. Over the last 50 years, Intel has delivered breakthrough-after-breakthrough in computing performance that has propelled technology and society forward. We are far from finished as our product and customer announcements over the last quarter demonstrate. Our Data Center Group just announced a very important strategic partnership with SAP to optimize Intel's platforms including Xeon Scalable processors and Optane DC persistent memory for SAP's end-to-end enterprise software applications including SAP S/4HANA. For over a decade, we have worked closely with SAP and developing differentiated breakthrough technologies that make organizations run more efficiently. The broadening of our strategic partnership with SAP will allow our mutual customers to accelerate the organization's digital transformation by deploying SAP business applications optimized for Intel-based infrastructure in the cloud, on-premises, and in hybrid environments. Our ecosystem partners have already received Icelake server samples. We are making good progress on Icelake server and are now planning to start production wafers in the first half of 2020 with the volume ramp in the second half of the year. Both yield and defect density are ahead of schedule for our 10-nanometer data center products. Cascade Lake, which is ramping now, is on track to be one of our fastest ramping products ever and we have a great solution for our customers in the first half of 2020 with Cooper Lake in the same platform as Icelake. We are working more deeply with our customers to understand their needs and become the partner that they rely on to innovate and grow their businesses. They challenge us. It's producing results and it's making us better. For example in the second quarter, we announced a strategic partnership with Google to collaborate on Anthos, a new reference design based on the second-generation Xeon Scalable processor and an optimized Kubernetes software stack that will deliver increased workload portability to customers who want to take advantage of hybrid cloud environments. These deep customer engagements are frankly one of my favorite parts of the role. We are constantly thinking about how we can help our data center customers harness the potential of data by processing, storing, and moving it more efficiently. And a central part of the equation is interconnect technology, which is why we recently announced our intention to acquire Barefoot Networks. Barefoot Networks is an emerging leader in Ethernet switch silicon software with the programmability and flexibility necessary to meet the performance needs of the hyperscale cloud. We closed the transaction this week and we are excited to have the Barefoot team as part of the Intel family. Our client computing customers can look forward to exciting new Intel products this year. In the second quarter, we launched a special edition of the world's best gaming processor the Core i9-9900KS. We also launched our new 10th Gen Core product family codenamed Ice Lake which integrates Wi-Fi 6, Gen11 graphics and AI acceleration. While we are delivering on the present we are also creating the future. Intel Labs is researching completely new architectures like quantum and neuromorphic computing that promise incredible leaps in performance and power efficiency. Neuromorphic computing strives to emulate the neural structure and operation of the human brain, which could deliver big advancements in artificial intelligence by allowing computers to sense, learn and behave more naturally and efficiently. Just this month, we announced an eight million neuron neuromorphic system comprising 64 Intel Loihi research chips that's now available to the broader research community. Finally, we are evolving our culture and improving execution because our customers are counting on us. Our process technology road map continues to improve and we're making excellent progress on 10-nanometer. We began shipping Ice Lake clients in the second quarter supporting systems on the shelf for the holiday selling season and expect to ship Agilex, our first 10-nanometer FPGA later this year. We now have two factories in full production on 10-nanometer. We are also on track to launch 7-nanometer in 2021. With a roughly 2x improvement in density over 10-nanometer, our 7-nanometer process, which will be comparable to competitors' 5-nanometer nodes, and will put us on pace with historical Moore's Law scaling. We're also making steady progress increasing CPU supply. Through our investments, focused execution and tighter customer collaboration, we expect our PC CPU supply will be up mid single-digits this year, while we expect the PC TAM to grow slightly. We'll continue to work with our customers to meet their required product mix and ramp additional capacity to ensure we are not a constraint on their growth. A final point of pride in the second quarter that speaks to Intel's values is the release of our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights the progress made over the last year toward our 2020 goals around environmental sustainability, supply chain responsibility, diversity and inclusion and social impact. We achieved a number of our 2020 goals ahead of schedule: energy conservation, non-hazardous waste recycling, workforce diversity and technology empowerment. Being responsible stewards of the communities in which we operate is central to our culture and it is helping us transform and deliver the results you expect of us. I'm proud of what our team has accomplished over the last quarter and look forward to sharing more proof points of our progress with you in the coming months. With that, I'll hand off to George, who will take you through the financial details.
George Davis: Thanks, Bob and good afternoon everyone. We had a solid Q2 with revenue coming in at $16.5 billion, down 3% year-on-year and higher by $900 million compared to our guide. Data-centric revenue was $7.7 billion, down 7%. And PC-centric revenue was $8.8 billion, up 1% year-on-year. Our Q2 operating margin was 31%, down two points as client ASP strength was more than offset by platform volume declines and continued NAND pricing degradation. Q2 earnings per share came in at $1.06, up 2% year-on-year and $0.17 over our guide for the quarter. Year-to-date, we have generated $5.7 billion of free cash flow, returned $8.4 billion to shareholders, paid dividends of $2.8 billion, and repurchased approximately 117 million shares. As mentioned last quarter, we anticipated a more challenging year in 2019 coming off a large build-out of capacity in 2018 by DCG customers as well as the pricing dynamics in memory, which is largely playing out as expected. In light of these factors I'm pleased with our results and operating performance for the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was up 2% year-over-year driven by strength in our platform ASPs, lower 10-nanometer startup costs, lower operating expenses, as well as lower shares outstanding and a McAfee dividend. Offsetting factors were data centric demand softness, continued NAND pricing pressure and PC supply constraints, impacting our ability to fulfill low-end PC demand. Our non-GAAP tax rate came in at around 12% in line with last year. Let's now turn to segment performance. Our Data Center Group ended the quarter with revenue at $5 billion, down 10% from the prior year and up 2% sequentially. This was slightly ahead of our expectations with platform ASPs, up 2% year-on-year. Xeon ASPs were up double digits year-on-year on mix as our customers continue to select high-performance products. Against the tough year-over-year compare platform units were down 12%. Cloud revenue was down 1% year-over-year as cloud service providers absorbed capacity after growing demand 40% in 2018. Enterprise and government revenue declined by 31% with particular weakness in China while communication service provider's revenue increased 3% year-over-year. We see comms service provider demand still in the early phase of a meaningful 5G-related build-out. Overall, our other data-centric businesses were down 1% year-over-year or up 2% excluding Wind River on strength in our Internet of Things businesses, partially offset by ASP weakness in our memory business. Our Internet of Things businesses, which include IOTG and Mobileye continue to show growth and delivered record revenue, up 22% excluding Wind River. IOTG showed strength across all segments with revenue growth of 23% year-over-year excluding Wind River and operating income growth of 21% on strong demand for higher-performance products in the quarter. We believe a portion of the revenue outperformance in IOTG is from tariff-related pull-ins. Our Mobileye revenue and operating margin were up year-over-year 16% and 20%, respectively on continued ADAS penetration. Our memory business revenue was down 13% as the industry supply surplus continue to feed a deteriorating NAND pricing environment. NSG operating income weakened by approximately $220 million year-over-year. PSG revenue declined 5% year-over-year as softness in cloud and enterprise demand more than offset growth in 5G wireless. Advanced products, which includes those manufactured on 28-nanometer through 14-nanometer process nodes grew 15% year-on-year. PSG operating margin was down 49% year-over-year on lower revenue, product mix and 10-nanometer road map investments. The Client Computing Group demonstrated strong execution this quarter with revenue up 1% year-over-year on mix driven ASP strength, strong demand in commercial PCs and modems and $200 million to $300 million in revenue from order pull-ins due to trade and tariff concerns. We believe the PC TAM grew slightly in Q2, led by our commercial PC demand. Our PC units were down 5% as our small core supply was constrained and we cannot fulfill all of our customer demand. We have made significant progress against our supply challenges and we expect supply and demand to return to balance in the second half. That said, demand has been stronger than expected and product mix will continue to be a challenge in the third quarter as our teams work to align available supply with demand. We saw strong ASPs in the quarter with notebook ASPs, up 3% year-over-year and desktop ASPs, up 5%. Operating margin for our client group was 42%, up five points year-on-year on strong revenue and mix and lower cost of sales post qualification of our 10-nanometer Icelake client product. For the first two quarters, we generated $12.5 billion in operating cash flow. And we invested $6.9 billion in capital to ramp 10-nanometer capacity and for 7-nanometer product development. We also spent $5.6 billion to repurchase 117 million shares to date. Buyback was accelerated in the second quarter, where our average purchase price was $46.78 per share. We have $11.7 billion remaining on our Board authorization. Now let's talk about the full year outlook. For the full year, the market dynamics reflected in our April guide remain largely in place, although, memory has continued to weaken relative to our expectations. Although we have seen a weaker first half in our data center business, we expect a better second half as demand from cloud and comms service providers, improves and our second Gen, Xeon Scalable continues to ramp. We are increasing our revenue outlook for the full year by $500 million to $69.5 billion to reflect the out performance in the second quarter, somewhat offset by the effect of trade-related pull-ins and a weaker memory environment. We continue to expect revenue from our data-centric businesses to be down low single digits for the full year. Our guidance for full year PC-centric business growth, remains a low single-digit decline for the year, reflecting share loss in small core applications, where we have been short supply longer than expected and demand has remained healthy. We expect to have additional small core forward supply in the second half which should allow us to regain some of that lost share. Operating margin for the year is expected to be 32% flat to our previous guide. Full year expectations for gross margin are unchanged at approximately 60%. We expect Q3 gross margins to be roughly line with Q2, on strong flow-through of higher revenue offset by increased 10-nanometer cost as we ramp production. The cost increase in Q3 will be tempered, as we will be selling through some of the previously reserved 10-nanometer in the quarter. And we see the benefit of a grant related to our NAND factory in China. We expect Q4 gross margin to be down 3 points to 3.5 points sequentially, as we continue to ramp 10-nanometer. And will have sold through the previously reserved inventory. And will also not see the benefits of the NAND grant. We are making great progress on 10-nanometer. And expect to see continued yield improvement as we move into 2020. And work through the cost curve. Full year spending is expected to be down almost $1 billion year-on-year, in line with our prior outlook, adjusted for cost related to our acquisition of Barefoot Networks.  We are now expecting 2019 savings from our modem exit to rise to approximately $400 million to $500 million from our earlier estimates of $200 million to $300 million. The increased savings are being offset by higher spending on 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer processes and product R&D. Earnings per share for the year, is now expected to be $4.40 up $0.05 from our April guide, reflecting higher Q2 earnings offset somewhat by the impact of tariff pull-ins on the second half, weaker memory and a slightly higher full year tax rate. We now expect the non-GAAP tax rate for Q3 and Q4 to be approximately 13% up slightly from our April guide as we anticipate a higher mix of lower pre-tax income in the second half and higher tax demands. Turning to Q3 outlook, we expect revenue of $18 billion up 9% sequentially, which is within our normal seasonal range after adjusting for trade-related pull-ins in Q2. Our data-centric and PC-centric businesses will be down mid-single digits year-over-year in Q3 against very challenging compares. We expect Q3 operating margin of 35% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.24, on higher sequential revenue particularly in PC, data center and IoT. I will conclude here. And turn the call back to Mark. <> All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please go and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Certainly, our first question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup. Your question please.
Chris Danely: Hey! Thanks guys. Just a question on share expectations, I know in the Analyst Day you expected the competitive environment to get a little more -- I guess a little more competitive, although it doesn't seem happening in Q2. And maybe you can talk about how you expect your share to trend over the next four to six quarters in light of the competitor coming out with 7-nanometer and then you guys introducing 10-nanometer later on. Do you think you'll maybe lose share over the next three to four quarters and then gain it back? Or how should we think about things are going to play out?
Bob Swan: Hey, Chris, it's Bob. First, I would say that during the course of this year as George mentioned in his prepared comments, we lost a little bit of share in the second quarter, particularly in CSG at the low and small core, primarily due to supply constraints. And our expectation is that we'll begin to work our way back in the second half of the year given the capacity we put in place to have more supply and meet our customers' demand. But stepping back and just looking at the macro environment over the next several years and particularly in the second half of the year on the data center side, what we've indicated is it will be a much more competitive environment. Our intentions are with a -- not a 90% share position, but more like a 23% share position that we have significant prospects for growth across multiple aspects of our business. And our intentions are over the -- over that time frame to continue to grow our data-centric collection of businesses at or above market rates to grow. So that's consistent with what we said back in January. We reiterated it again at our May Investor Day and nothing's really changed from that standpoint. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore: Okay. So a two-part question on the Data Center Group. I guess first and foremost, could you just discuss a little bit about the differences between the sub segments? The cloud side was impressively strong in the quarter and it sounds like you think it's going to continue. But the enterprise and government side, I know you said that was China specific, but that was exceedingly weak. Any more color on what's going on and that enterprise side in the current quarter and probably of equal if not greater importance the second half looks like you still expect a really big ramp and potentially better than seasonal. What gives you the confidence in the second half ramp in DCG?
Bob Swan: Yeah. Hey, Ross, it's Bob. I'll comment and then George will pile on. First on growth overall we had -- cloud I'd still put in the relatively soft category to the first half of the year as the cloud players continue to digest. And our expectations have been and still are that cloud will get a little bit stronger as we go into the second half. And as George mentioned, comms has been low single-digits as our customers begin to build up for the transition to 5G, so we expect that growth to probably materialize more as we go into the latter part of this year, but I think more in 2020. Enterprise and government has been brutal through the first six months of the year. Q1 was really soft. Q2 was even softer. And while we don't like it, it's been pretty much in line with how we expected the first half and even the second half of the year to kind of play out. A couple of dynamics. You'll remember last year was really strong for enterprise and government. Growth was much stronger than we expected. Our belief at the time is that that was largely a function of increased digital transformation by CIOs, a favorable tax reform environment that gave them a little more capacity to spend. And we benefited from that tremendously last year. So the first half of this year even the second half comps -- or comps are much tougher. And I would say our sense is that CIOs broadly speaking are a little more cautious as they go into the second half of the year. And then when you just take -- that's a broad-based comment. And then when you take China into account, China is even worse than that. So our thoughts to the first half of the year and even going into the second half of the year is the E&G environment won't get dramatically better. Cloud will get a little bit stronger and comms will get a little bit stronger in the context of our overall full year guide.
George Davis: Yes. I would just add that we -- again we saw enterprise and government down 31% year-over-year. I would say, maybe a little bit weaker than even we were forecasting which is for a pretty weak performance in that group. But in general, I wouldn't add any more to what Bob said.
Ross Seymore: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So we have gross margins coming down into Q4, you're probably in the low to mid-58%. And I know at the Analyst Day, you sort of gave an indication for gross margins in like the 2021 time frame to be around 57% on a $77 billion number. I guess how do I think about the trajectory from where we're exiting this year to the gross margin profile in 2021? Does that imply that 2020 gross margins should be down from obviously 2019, and 2021 should be down from 2020? And then what happens if you actually don't hit your revenue guidance of $77 billion in 2021, because the margins impact is mostly fixed? Does that imply margins come down even more in that case?
George Davis: I think -- hey, Stacy. It's George. We did say that we think we'll bottom out at 57% in 2021. We didn't guide specifically for 2020, but implied it would be closer to the 60% range. And I would say, one of the things that's going to help us -- two things that are probably going to help us as we think about 2019 to 2020. One is we're going to see more of the benefit of moving up the yield curve in 10-nanometer, which is pretty painful now and you're seeing that really in the fourth quarter gross margin. I would also say, though you're seeing a really pure impact of memory in the fourth quarter as well, because we have a grant in the third quarter. So, you're going to see a sequential step down just because of the absence of the grant, and it just tells you how much the impact on gross margin overall for the DC-centric group has been because of memory. I think memory, if we can start to see improvement on that in 2020, and there's some evidence of firming of the ASPs, but probably too early to call that. I think that could also be a factor. But you're also seeing growth in our adjacent businesses, which have attractive margins. They'll continue to grow into 2020. And like I said, I think largely it's going to be 10-nanometer yield curve benefits, maybe a little bit improving memory and then improving adjacent businesses should be a little more positive than what we're seeing purely in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I had a question for George. So George, I'm just trying to figure out the incremental accretion from the sale of the modem business. It doesn't seem like a lot of it’s dropping through to op margin, because you're investing more in 7 and 10-nanometer. So I'm just wondering why that would be the case if yields are on track. Thanks, George.
George Davis: Well, one of the things that we talked about Tim was trying to pull in as much as possible both the 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer road map, because we think the economics of that is more than worth the investment. And really the investments we're making now are all focused on executing for that. We're going to see more accretion from this deal coming in the following year when we would expect a significant increase in the reduction, and sort of the run rate OpEx for the piece that's going out at the end of the year. So maybe $400 million to $500 million this year, but you can probably double that number for next year, which we think will help on the total spending. And the question is will we need to retain this higher level run rate that we're seeing today for acceleration fully into next year? I think there might be some opportunity there as well. But we're going to -- we're going to invest first in those things that we think drive yield improvement in 10 and product performance improvement in 10 and 7.
Operator: Thank You. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just again to kind of step back from the data-centric businesses. On the revised full year outlook, you're still guiding data-centric to be down low single-digits year-over-year. Previously within data-centric you guys were looking for DCG specifically to be down mid-single digits year-over-year which implies about 20% growth in DCG second half versus first half. Is that still how the team sees DCG for the full year?
Bob Swan: I would say we're still roughly in that ballpark. We haven't really changed our view of the full year to maybe a little bit that slipped into the first half relative to our original second half expectations on the pull-ins even though it's more of an impact on the PC side that we saw a little bit of that in DCG. So now we're looking to a strong second half for DCG.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. On inventory they were up about 12% sequentially in terms of dollars. And now when I look at your second half sales, you're forecasting them to grow 13% to 14% half over half so it kind of makes sense. But just inventory in terms of historical levels they're still quite elevated given the macro conditions. So is this all 10-nanometer-related inventory? Just what's driving this? How do you see it trending in the second half? And will there be any impact on the gross margins from any utilization changes that might be needed?
George Davis: Sure. Great question. And we're watching inventory very closely ourselves. The big bounce this quarter as you suspected was really about 10-nanometer within finished goods coming onto the balance sheet. And so there is actually some gross margin benefit which we began to see this quarter and we'll see a little bit next quarter previously reserved inventory then flowing into the marketplace so some gross margin benefit from that and you've seen that in the CCG margins. We -- yes, normally we'll be up going into the seasonally strong third and fourth quarters in this quarter. I would say overall that we think the -- add this quarter which are all related to 10-nanometer make sense. I think we feel still that our inventory is higher than we would like in memory and we will look to bring that down over time. It's a very tough market to bring it down and then feel good about yourself. So we'll continue to watch that. But that's been part of the pressure on free cash flow has been some of these working capital particularly inventory impacts.
A – Bob Swan: To George's point the -- while we're not big fans of growing inventory we feel great about qualifying the Icelake product in the second quarter. And that qualification is the single biggest reason for the step function and inventory from Q1 to Q2. So we knew if we executed on our plans of the Icelake clients qualifications we'd have a step-function inventory and we feel good about getting that qualification done and behind us. The implications of that is the higher balance in Q2 versus Q1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Maybe if I can go back to the gross margin from -- at the Q4 level, I'm just kind of curious given that CapEx has been running significantly ahead of depreciation I'm kind of curious if there's anything going on the depreciation schedule which is impacting the calendar fourth quarter gross margins. And George to the extent in the previous question, you talked about maybe some tailwinds relative to the fourth quarter run rate next year in 2020 how do we think about the bridge from sort of the Q4 guide of kind of 58.5 to the Analyst Day guide for 2021 of 57. Is that all just the impact of 7-nanometer coming on in that year? Or is there some price consideration? How should we conceptually think about that?
George Davis: Okay, John. That's a great three-part question. There's nothing unusual going on in depreciation in the fourth quarter. As I said most of the impact is really related to -- we'll have gotten through all of the previously reserved 10-nanometer products. So you're going to see more pressure on gross margin from the products that are coming into the marketplace while we're still at the low end of the yield curve on 10-nanometer, which is where we are today. In 2020, how I think about 2020, I think, we -- as I said earlier we think we'll see a benefit from moving up the yield curve on 10-nanometer. We're pleased with our process work that's going on there now. And also we would expect that memory which has been a significant drag on gross margin this year will help us a little bit overall. So, no real change. Probably the easiest thing would have just to go back and say no real change in our outlook that we gave at Analyst Day in terms of the gross margin trajectory over the next few years.
Bob Swan: Hey, George, the only thing I would add on the depreciation is, there's nothing kind of out of the norm. There are two fairly big dynamics that happened over the course of the next several months. One is over time we had more and more of our 14-nanometer equipment that's fully depreciated. So, as you know, that's been our engine for a while, and we'll have more and more fully depreciated assets that are at work. Now, that's obviously favorable. On the flip side, we have -- we talked about ramping two fabs and we've had a lot of assets under construction on our balance sheet that weren't being depreciated. So, in one sense you have a drop-off from the life of 14-nanometer equipment. At the same time, you're deploying some of the 10-nanometer equipment that we bought previously. So, those two things underneath the cover at the macro level to George's point, there's not a dramatic change. But underneath the cover is just two fairly big dynamics in the makeup of our equipment base and what's fully depreciated versus what's being put into service.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. You talked about the reasons for being a little more conservative about the second half than you felt 90 days ago, but your second half guidance isn't materially different than it was 90 days ago. So, I guess, how are you thinking that relative to the forecast? And I guess when you talk about pull-ins like what is that -- I'm surprised that there is pull-ins at the same that there's shortages. So, maybe you can just describe what the behavior is that's pulling revenue into Q2.
George Davis: Yeah. So, again, for the second half -- really for the full year, we're largely seeing the full year as we talked about it 90 days ago. What I think the biggest difference is just how strong PC demand has been and the pull-ins that came into the second quarter leading to a much stronger second quarter where we are passing obviously some of that through with the exception of the pull-ins to the full year. So, I don't want to sound like we're going to -- we'll see the normal seasonal balance and will be a strong second half of the year for the company. And I think, we're expecting a strong DCG improvement in the second half as they get through the capacity digestion. We think the PC is going to continue to be quite strong. So, relative to our forecast, I guess, I may be countering a little bit this idea of a weaker second half. Other than memory has been a little bit weaker than we had expected. ASPs are certainly down more, and so we're anticipating some pain from that. And then, of course, some level of demand was pulled into the second quarter, but it's really reflective of the year that is playing out largely as we expected with some upside on PC TAM.
Bob Swan: Yeah. And I think the only thing that I would add to that is relative to where we were in April, looking out the second half of the year, we still have the threat of tariffs going up for goods coming out of China and the implication to that. And there's still a little bit of -- a little lack of clarity about the implications of the entity list and how quickly applications for licenses will be received and processed. So, I think that the real -- we're kind of $900 million better in the quarter. It took the year off for $500 million. We attributed roughly $400 million to pull-ins. As we go into the second half, we're just the -- there's still a little bit unknown about what -- how this China thing is going to play out. And that's a big important market for us and that's probably what makes me a little more anxious.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your question, please.
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you. George and maybe Bob as well, we've heard and continue to hear rumblings of -- and you guys have addressed this at the Analyst Day and in other forums about how you might be price aggressive in certain sectors to try to protect market share. And I wonder if you might comment about how you're thinking about that strategically in your notebook business where you have 10-nanometer product coming online versus in your desktop business where you might be on 14-nanometer for a bit longer. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yeah. First, I'd start with at the risk of repeating myself a TAM of $300 billion, the largest TAM in the company's history with a pretty decent wind at our back in terms of this insatiable appetite for data and what it means for the products that we build and design. So we view ourselves as having a relatively low-share position with significant opportunity to grow. But at the same time, we know it's just -- we're not the only ones that have seen a data-centric world. That will be a more intensely competitive environment. And our expectations over time are to protect our market share position, while continuing to invest in new prospects for growth. And that hasn't really changed. When you look at that by segment, we're going to be -- on the PC side, we've been protecting our position for the last couple of years. I'd say the competitive intensity on the PC side started probably in the first part of 2017. And during that time frame, we've either protect our position, while moving end customers up to higher performance products that generate higher ASPs and with that have the capacity also to fight back and meet comps in targeted areas, where we need to. So, that's how we think about this big opportunity to grow large market, protect our position while expanding into new vectors, and that transforms all segments and we're a little more protective about some segments versus others in those cases particularly when we're in a supply-constrained environment. So, not a whole lot has really changed on that other than we know it's going to be more competitive, and we try to take that into account as we thought about not only our second half outlook, but our three-year outlook.
Mark Henninger: Thanks, Matt. And operator, I think we have time for just one more question and then we’ll turn the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question then comes from the line of David Wong from Instinet. Your question, please.
David Wong: Thanks very much. Just a clarification of what you had said with regard to restrictions in shipments to various entities in China. Can you say that the net result was actually small in the second quarter? And will there be -- do you expect any meaningful impact on DCG revenues from restrictions and shipments in the third quarter? Or is that going to be small too?
George Davis : Again, it was more in the second quarter. In fact, it was probably a net positive, because of pull-in activities. So if you look at what we were prohibited from shipping versus what was pulled in on things we're allowed to ship, where people were concerned that perhaps restrictions would become greater that was a net positive in the second quarter. We think that dynamic just remains in play in the second half of the year. How much of the demand concerns were met in the second quarter, we'll have to see how that plays out, but our forecast is based on kind of the current state of activity. And as Bob said, we're -- it doesn't mean that we're not concerned or cautious about what could happen if there's a change in policy between now and the end of the year.
Mark Henninger: Thanks David. And we'll hand the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Mark, and Thanks everybody for joining us. I'd just kind of close where I started. We had a -- the quarter played out much stronger than we expected. Revenue better, gross margin's better, spending in line, earning's greater. And therefore from that confidence, we're raising our full year outlook and kind of feel good about our performance six months through the year. Secondly, and just more importantly, we continue to really work the supply chain, so we're never in a position to constrain our customers' growth. We've made good progress through the first half. But I think more as we go into the second half, we're just in a better position than we've been in a while. We still have work to do. We're still working with our customers, but we feel pretty good on the supply as we enter the second half. And then third, our progress on both 10-nanometer and our confidence in migrating from 10 to seven continues to grow based on execution. So, we kind of gave you a three-year outlook. We consider this the second deposit of that 12 deposit three-year outlook and I'd say we feel pretty good about where we are. And we look forward to giving you another update 90 days from now about continued progress and momentum on our multiyear journey. So, thanks for joining us and we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days.
Mark Henninger: Thanks, Bob, and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, can you please go ahead and wrap up the call?
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2019 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our Investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Bob Swan, our interim CEO and Chief Financial Officer; Murthy Renduchintala, Group President of the Technology, Systems Architecture and Client Group and Chief Engineering Officer; as well as Navin Shenoy, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Group. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from Bob followed by Q&A. [Technical Difficulty]. We're having technical difficulties. Let me jump back in here. I'm joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan; our CFO, George Davis; and in a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when we describe our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations.  With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Robert Swan: Thanks, Mark. With the interim introduction, I thought on our outlook I was getting demoted already. But look, coming off a record 2018, our top line results came in slightly higher than expectations, with upsides in the PC and IoT segments, offset by incremental NAND pricing weakness. Total revenue of $16.1 billion was flat year-over-year, as our PC-centric business grew 4% and our data-centric businesses were down 5%. The team executed well, though underlying trends are concerning, and as a result, we've revised our expectations down for the full year. I'll give you some insight into the customer trends informing our outlook, but first, I'd like to take a few minutes to recap the progress we've made over the first quarter. It's been just under 3 months since I was honored with the best job in the world. At that time, I said that our leadership team would focus relentlessly on delivering for our customers to take advantage of the biggest opportunity in our company's history. We're making important progress by intensifying our focus in 3 key areas: expanding our TAM, accelerating innovation and improving our execution while evolving our culture. I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about our philosophy and progress in each of those areas. First, expanding our TAM. We are transforming from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company, and our ambitions are bigger than they've ever been. Our aim is to identify and capitalize on key technology inflections that set us up to play a larger role in our customers' success while improving returns for our owners. You can see the impact of this approach in our Q1 execution. For example, our first-ever data-centric portfolio launch marked an important milestone in our efforts to capitalize on the AI opportunity and undisputed technology inflection. Our new second-generation Xeon Scalable is the only processor in the industry with built-in artificial intelligence acceleration. Not only did we deliver a 14x generation-over-generation performance improvement, but we also showed CPU performance beating GPU performance on major AI workloads like recommendation engines. And we worked closely with the software industry ahead of the launch to deliver a great out-of-the-box experience for customers like Siemens. They're collaborating with us on a breakthrough AI-based cardiac MRI model. This application has the potential to provide real-time diagnosis using the DL Boost technology in our newest Xeon Scalable processor. Another TAM-expanding business that continues to gain traction is Mobileye, with 8 new global ADAS designs in the first quarter alone, including our first win in India. Mobileye's real-time crowd-sourced mapping technology, Road Experience Management or REM, continues to build momentum with a major North American automaker adopting this breakthrough data-centric capability. Autonomous driving is a technology inflection that we're ready to lead. 2019 will be a foundational year for another disruptive technology, 5G. As you know, we recently sharpened our 5G focus. When it became apparent that we don't have a clear path to profitability in 5G smartphone modems, we acted. We are now winding down that business and conducting a strategic assessment of 5G modems for the PC and IoT sectors while continuing to meet our current 4G customer commitments. By acting now, we focus our 5G efforts on the transformation of the wireless network and edge infrastructure, where we have a clear technology advantage, market share to win and a strategic role to play with customers. At Mobile World Congress, we demonstrated a range of 5G products under development, including the 5G-ready N3000 FPGA acceleration card and the new 10-nanometer-based Snow Ridge network SoC for use in 5G base stations. As networks cloudify, Intel is in a great position to win in this base station segment, where we expect to grow to 40% market segment share by 2022. The vast majority of the 5G market opportunity and profit is in the transformation of network and edge infrastructure, where we are now laser focused. Next, accelerating innovation. Successfully competing in a bigger TAM requires a broad range of products and technologies. Only Intel has the breadth of IP to deliver leadership products across increasingly diverse workloads for the data-centric era. Harnessing data for discovery, invention and business value is not a one-size-fits-all computing challenge. That's why we are investing in 6 important pillars of innovation: process technology, architecture, memory, interconnect, security features and software. Already this year, we've introduced incredible examples of this approach to innovation across the business. Let me take a minute to talk about a few. We are currently architecting what we expect will be the United States' first exascale supercomputer for the U.S. Department of Energy's Argonne National Laboratory. This supercomputer, called Aurora, will be delivered in 2021 and powered by Intel technologies designed specifically for the convergence of artificial intelligence and high-performance computing. These include a future generation of the Intel Xeon Scalable processor, Intel's Xe compute architecture, a future generation of Optane persistent memory and Intel's One API software. It's a great example of how our data-centric products architected together can deliver technology breakthroughs for our customers.  We are also accelerating innovation in our PC-centric business. For example, our team is hard at work with our OEM customers to define and deliver a stunning new class of next-generation laptops. We call this Project Athena, and the first of these sleek, beautiful designs are coming in the second half of 2019. And just this week, we launched the most powerful generation of Intel Core mobile processors ever, designed for gamers and content creators. On the process technology front, our teams executed well in Q1 and our velocity is increasing. We remain on track to have volume client systems on shelves for the holiday selling season. And over the past 4 months, the organization drove a nearly 2x improvement in the rate at which 10-nanometer products moved through our factories. Finally, execution and culture. This is about concentrating our resources on the vital few programs that will have an impact on our customers' success and our owners' return, rather than the trivial many. Over the last couple of years, that focus has resulted in exiting McAfee and wearables business, shutting down Saffron and divesting Wind River. And our spending as a percentage of revenue has gone from approximately 36% to about 30% this quarter. It has allowed us to invest more of our resources, and just as importantly, our collective attention and focus, where it really counts. By doing fewer things, we'll execute better at the things that matter most. Specific areas where we need to improve execution include meeting customer demand and delivering on our 10-nanometer lineup of products, and we are making progress. Our supply constraints have had a disruptive impact on our customers and ecosystem. We've committed never again to be a constraint on our customers' growth. We've increased capacity to improve our position in the second half, although product mix will continue to be a challenge in the third quarter as our teams align available supply with customer demand. As I shared earlier, our confidence in 10-nanometer is also improving. In addition to the manufacturing velocity improvement I described earlier, we expect to qualify our first volume 10-nanometer product, Icelake, this quarter and are increasing our 10-nanometer volume goals for the year. I'll shift now to our full year outlook. Going forward, George will deliver our forecast. But given this is his third week with us, I'll share my thoughts on our full year reset and he'll review our first quarter results and second quarter guide. Our conversations with customers and partners across our PC and data-centric businesses over the past couple of months have made several trends clear. The decline in memory pricing has intensified. The data center inventory and capacity digestion that we described in January is more pronounced than we expected, and China headwinds have increased, leading to a more cautious IT spending environment. And yet those same customer conversations reinforce our confidence that demand will improve in the second half. So we've reassessed our '19 expectations based on the challenges we're seeing. Our full year outlook is now $69 billion in revenue, down 3% year-over-year and down approximately $2.5 billion from our previous estimate. Given the magnitude of change, we'll be somewhat more granular in explaining the drivers. We now see data-centric revenue down low single digits year-over-year, with DCG down mid-single digits year-over-year off a tough compare, continued China weakness and inventory and capacity absorption. We are also anticipating an incrementally more challenging NAND pricing environment. Our PC-centric forecast remains unchanged at low single digits. We are forecasting operating margin to be 32%, down approximately 3 points year-over-year and down approximately 2 points from our previous guide. This outlook reflects lower full year revenue and a year-over-year decline in gross margins as a result of the 10-nanometer ramp and NAND pricing. We continue to see good discipline on spending and expect our exit from the 5G smartphone modem segment, annualized in 2018 spending actions, and incremental spending efficiencies to reduce OpEx by approximately $1 billion year-over-year, partially offsetting the impact of lower gross margin. We now forecast full year EPS at $4.35 per share, down approximately 5% year-over-year and $0.25 from our previous guide. We now expect our full year tax rate to be 12%, up 1 point year-over-year and down 1.5 points versus our prior guide, largely as a result of lower pretax income. Before I hand the call over to George, I'd like to welcome him as Intel's new CFO. I've known George for a long time from his CFO days at Applied Materials while I was a board member. He brings deep industry knowledge from prior roles. He's a true team player and he cares deeply about people development and diversity. George will review our first quarter financials and second quarter guide, then we'll get to your questions. George?
George Davis: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted to be at Intel and look forward to regularly engaging with our key stakeholders. Revenue for our first quarter came in at $16.1 billion, flat year-on-year and slightly higher than our guide. Data-centric revenue was $7.5 billion, down 5%; and PC-centric revenue was $8.6 billion, up 4% year-on-year. Q1 operating margin was 28%, down 2 points due to cost of our 10-nanometer ramp and NAND reserves, partially offset by platform ASP strength as supply constraints at the low end in CCG led to an especially rich mix as well as lower spending overall. Q1 EPS came in at $0.89, up 2% versus the prior year and $0.02 over what we guided for the quarter. Year-to-date, we have generated $1.6 billion of free cash flow; returned $3.9 billion to shareholders, including dividends of $1.4 billion; and repurchased approximately 49 million shares. We are pleased with the team's focused execution for the quarter. We anticipated a challenging start to 2019, and that's what we have encountered. We also knew that the timing of our 10-nanometer ramp would pressure margins in the first quarter. And while we continue to make progress on the road map, that pressure remains a factor. We see customers becoming more cautious in their buying patterns, with the most acute deceleration happening in China. Demand pressure is particularly evident in our data center business, where we are seeing a continuing inventory correction in enterprise and comms and capacity digestion among cloud service providers who ramped consumption strongly in 2018. Non-GAAP EPS was up 2% year-over-year driven by strength in our client and IoT ASPs, lower spending, lower shares outstanding and the McAfee dividend received in the quarter. Offsetting factors were continued NAND pricing pressure, 10-nanometer ramp cost and weak enterprise and government data center demand. Our tax rate came in at 12.5%, up almost 1 point year-over-year due to nonrecurring benefits in Q1 of 2018. We continue to improve our operating efficiency year-over-year from 32.4% to 30.3% spending as a percent of revenue. Total spending was down 7% year-over-year in the quarter as we drove efficiencies in our SG&A spending and kept R&D spending flat compared to the prior year. Within that overall flat R&D spend, we are making thoughtful trade-offs so that we can amplify the investments into key priorities to grow the business. This has resulted in more investment in 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer process technology and accelerating road maps in DCG and CCG and in key growth areas like autonomous driving, AI and 5G network infrastructure. Let me now break down our performance by segment. Our Data Center Group ended the quarter with revenue of $4.9 billion, down 6% from the prior year and 19% sequentially within our expected range of sequential decline, given the headwinds we noted last quarter. Against the challenging year-over-year compare, platform units were down 8%. We saw record Xeon ASPs as customers continue to select high-performance products. We also saw a strong ramp of network SoCs, resulting in moderation of our blended platform ASP. Non-CPU adjacencies were up 2% driven by strength in network ASICs and silicon photonics. Cloud revenue grew 5% year-over-year in the first quarter as cloud service providers absorbed capacity put in place in 2018. Enterprise and government revenue declined by 21%, and comms service provider revenue declined 4% year-over-year in the first quarter as both enterprise and comms customers worked through inventory and China demand weakened. Overall, our data-centric businesses were flat year-over-year. Our IoT businesses saw 19% revenue growth adjusted for Wind River and operating income growth of 11% year-on-year due to a mix shift to higher core products in the quarter, with the growth of compute-intensive applications like AI and computer vision. Mobileye had record revenue, up 38% due to an extended -- expanded product portfolio and customer base. Our memory business was down 12% due to continued NAND pricing pressures, offset by NAND data center and client bit growth. Operating income for this group is down driven by NAND ASP deterioration and demand softness, resulting in inventory revaluations. The PSG group declined 2% year-on-year due to weakness in cloud and enterprise, partially offset by strength in wireless and advanced node products. The Client Computing Group showed continued growth, with revenue up 4% year-over-year. Platform revenue was up 3% driven by strength in large commercial and gaming. Modem drove the majority of strength in the adjacencies, resulting in a 26% increase over the prior year. We have added supply capacity and continue working closely with our customers to align our available supply to their demand. However, supply of our PC processors and chipsets remains tight, particularly for our small core products as we prioritize big core. We saw strong ASP growth in desktop and notebook in part due to the small core constraints, but also on strong performance in gaming. Constraints were also responsible for the year-over-year decline in volume. This quarter, we generated $5 billion in operating cash flow, and we invested $3.3 billion to expand our 14-nanometer capacity and ramp 10-nanometer. We raised the dividend by 5% and repurchased 49 million shares. Let me wrap up with our Q2 outlook. We expect Q2 revenue to be $15.6 billion, down 8% year-over-year. Our data-centric businesses are expected to decline in the high single digits year-over-year as memory pricing declines weigh on our NAND business and DCG customers continue to consume inventory and absorb capacity. We expect DCG to be approximately flat sequentially. The PC-centric segment is expected to decline in the high single digits on declining PC ASPs on a relative mix of more small core units. Operating margin in Q2 is expected to be 29%, down 4 points year-over-year on lower platform revenue, the 4G modem ramp and NAND pricing. We forecast earnings per share of $0.89, flat sequentially and down $0.15 year-over-year. We expect the non-GAAP tax rate in the quarter to be 11.5%. I will conclude here and turn the call back to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Great. Thank you, George. After that eventful start to the call, we'll now move on to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, as we think about the gross margin trajectory through the course of the year, I'm wondering if you could help us understand the delta between the impact of 10-nanometer ramping relative to kind of the impact that you're seeing. It seems like it's going to persist, related to NAND flash.
Robert Swan: Yes, it's lots of movement going on in the gross margin line. I'd start by saying implied in our guide for the first half is roughly 60%, so it implies a little increase off of Q1. And our implied guide then for full year is almost 60%. So through all the ups and downs, there's going to be quite a bit of consistency. That being said, the Q1 will likely be the lowest, because as I indicated in my prepared remarks, that we're going to -- we intend to qualify the 10-nanometer part in the second quarter. So what that means is in the first quarter, all of our 10-nanometer cost is flowing through cost of sales. When we qualify, it goes on the balance sheet. And then when we sell those previously reserved units in the third quarter, those units go out with no cost. So the dynamics imply low Q1 and a much stronger Q3, but through it all, fairly stable at roughly 60% level. On the year-on-year decline, obviously, the NSD -- sorry, NSG pricing is having a real impact on us. We expect NSG for the year to be down roughly 10% almost, and that is primarily driven by significant change in pricing dynamics during the course of the year. So that'll be a headwind for us throughout the year. Aaron, sorry, I should probably add something, Mark. The one last thing is, as we indicated, we expect to have systems on shelf in the fourth quarter or for holiday season, so -- and that given the progress we've made on 10, we're going to be shifting more units in the fourth quarter than we previously anticipated. So all else equal, that implies Q4 would a little bit lower than the full year guide.
Operator: Once again, Joe Moore, your line is open.
Joseph Moore: With regards to DCG being down mid-single digits for the year, I understand the issues in the first half. But it seems like the cloud guys were -- the CapEx has been okay, and I thought we had a little bit more snap back in the back half. Can you just talk a little bit more about the dynamics, specifically on the cloud side, and related to your -- the inventory that they may have of your parts there?
Robert Swan: Yes. Joe, as you know, the -- we came off a very strong 2018, up 21%. As we came into the year, implied in our guide, particularly in Q1, was our expectations that we'd be in quite a digestion period, both for enterprise and government but cloud as well and that, that would really impact our Q1. Look, what we're highlighting today as it relates to cloud is two things: that we expect the digestion to continue into Q2; that demand is going to be soft in Q2. And it's even exacerbated in China where, if you'll remember, through the third quarter last year, our demand for cloud players in China was close to triple digits. That was negative in the first quarter. So overall, they're still in a digestion period, the cloud guys. And in China is even -- it's been even more dramatic in the first quarter and the first couple weeks here in the second quarter. That being said, when we asked that, when we look at end demand in this data-centric environment, when we're looking at end demand, it still seems relatively strong. And the -- in our dialogues with our customers, they are implying an uptick as we move from first half into second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on your enterprise business within DCG. I was a little bit surprised by the magnitude of the decline in Q1. Bob, in your view and based on what you know, what you hear from customers, how much of that decline is tied to true end demand versus inventory dynamics at your customers? And I ask that question because some of your customers may have pre-bought in fear of supply constraints.
Robert Swan: Yes, it's a great question. Truly, we believe that there's the end demand, and forget about which segment, but end demand remains relatively strong. But by segment, enterprise and government year-on-year decline was not way off what we expected, because we didn't have a real robust guide for Q1, but we have seen it continue into the second quarter. And I just think that the ordering ahead or the digestion of last year's strong growth, we expect now just to continue in enterprise and government through the first half and even a little more into the second half as it relates to E&G.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to know, of the mid-single-digit decline for data center, how much of that do you think is units versus pricing? I would have expected, with the new platform launch, we might have seen better. And obviously, you have the inventory in digestion, but there's also competition that's coming in the second half. So how do you see units versus pricing declining within the envelope of your down mid-single digits for the business overall?
Robert Swan: Yes, we kind of -- as we came in -- the updated guide, the guide now is more a unit story. When we came into the year, back in January, our expectation on ASPs is they would be pressured in DCG by 2 things in particular: one, just we indicated at the time that we expected an increased competitive environment as we go into the second half; and then two, as we look at 5G SoCs beginning to ramp as we go into the fourth quarter, they tend to be at lower ASPs. So we expect product enhancements, but offset by tougher competitive environment and mix of SoCs for the comms service providers. So the big change from January is really more a unit story. And we think we bounded the ASPs best we could back in January time frame. That hasn't changed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore.
Christopher Muse: I guess a question on the modem side of things. As you think about the cost savings as you deemphasize that business, will that be repurposed? Or should that accrue to the bottom line? And can you give some thoughts as to what the cost savings will have -- look like and what time frame we should see it?
Robert Swan: Yes, let me -- C.J., let me take a run and ask George to chime in as well. We announced that we were going to exit the 5G smartphone business and that we are going to evaluate the 5G Modem in other applications, like PC and IoT, while assessing our alternatives as it relates to the 5G Modem overall. So what's reflected in kind of the updated guide we gave is we do expect lower spending for 5G smartphone as we go through the course of the year. That is part of the lower spending going into the second half that we reflected. But we also -- we haven't really completed our assessment about what to do with the wonderful IP that we've developed, the real strong team that we have and the other opportunities we have, whether it's in network infrastructure, where we're really excited about the role we'll play in 5G, or whether it's the role that 5G Modem plays in these non-smartphone applications. So that's something that we're working very hard on to try to get to the right answer about how we'll deal with the technologies we built, the capabilities we have and what the implications will be on cost structure as we go into the second half of the year and into next year. So that's still a work in progress.
George Davis: And C.J., I just might add, we talk about spending being down $1 billion year-over-year, I would say the expectations for slowing 5G spend or reducing 5G smartphone spend prior to getting through the decision process of -- that we're going through right now, is maybe 20% to 30% of that. So there is not a lot yet evident in the spend rate that we're talking about that results from the 5G Modem business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer: I know you would like us to focus a little bit more on op margin than gross margin, but I just want to go back to the gross margin line. As far as I can remember, with an in line revenue quarter for March, this is the most significant gross margin miss to Street estimates that I can remember for the company. And I know you've talked about 10-nanometer volumes being higher than you expected this year. Can you talk a little bit about the yield curve and kind of the cost of 10-nanometer? And I guess really importantly, if the long-term sort of upper range of your gross margin had been 60% to 65%, do you still think that that's the right sort of higher-end range as we go to the 10-nanometer node for CPUs, notwithstanding that some of the adjacencies are lower gross margin?
Robert Swan: Yes. Thanks, John. First, in the first quarter, kind of 2 things that really impacted gross margin: one, frankly, we planned for and played out as we expected; and two, we did not plan for. But the one we planned for is just as we ramp 10, and as you're aware and I mentioned earlier, until we qualify the product, which we expect to do in the second quarter, all that cost flows through cost of sales. So when we're in early stages of ramp prior to qualification, that does compress gross margin. And that played out as we expected, because I mentioned in my prepared remarks that our progress and our improvement on 10-nanometer yields was in line with what we've expected coming into the year, a little bit better, that gave us the comfort that we're going to increase volume at the end of the year. But Q1 is just the dynamics of all of that ramp cost going through cost of sales. That was planned and that was anticipated. The not planned in the quarter was just the ASP declined much greater than we had anticipated for NSG. We were in the -- we were expecting kind of mid-20s to 30% ASP declines. The reality is it was closer to the mid-40s. And as a result, and George flagged this, but as a result, we had to take a lower cost or market reserve against our inventory balance in the quarter. That cost us over 1 point of gross margins in the quarter. That we did not quite anticipate. So gross margin Q1, in line with kind of what we thought, with the exception of inventory reserves that we took in the quarter. And as I said, Q2, we expect it to be better than Q1 because we'll begin to capitalize those costs because of the progress we're making on 10-nanometer. And then just to kind of go from your Q1 to your 5 years out point of view, I guess maybe on the gross margin, operating margin dynamics, maybe we'll defer that, kick the can couple of weeks, until we see you on May 8 when we kind of walk through our longer-range planning process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Bob, I wanted to ask you just a question strategically about memory. And I wanted to understand, obviously, you need to make cost point, but relative to NAND, why the need to make NAND on your own? It seems like you could sell the factory and maybe strike some sort of a supply agreement and save a lot of free cash flow, particularly after a quarter rotation can cost you 100 basis points.
Robert Swan: Yes. First, maybe just some context on when we talk about expanded TAM, the -- maybe the criteria we think about and then I'll try to apply them to where we are in memory. First, we look for technology inflections where we think we have a real advantage, whether it's process manufacturing or performance-oriented design that is worth pursuing, number one; number two, such that we can play a more important role in the success of our customers; and third, in an area where we think we can get attractive returns for our investors. So those are our -- the 3 criteria that we're applying, and we're going to be increasingly disciplined on the third aspect of those criteria. As it relates to memory, we have a high-performance Optane product that we think is really differentiated, coupled with our CPU that can do things best in industry that's really needed to keep pace with the increased performance of CPU processing. So strategically, we think it's really important. Technically, we think we have a real advantage. And third, we think we can get good returns. As it relates to NAND, we think we have process technology advantage. We're in the stage where we've gone from 32-layer to 64-layer now. The profitability of the NAND business pre this massive decline in ASPs was okay last year as we were ramping the business. And our challenge going forward is we're just going to have to execute better on the NAND business, so we can check that third box of attractive returns for our investors. And I don't want to -- when the market's plummeting I don't want to conclude what the right decision is. I want to maybe look through the horizon a little bit to get to the right decision. But clearly, we got to generate more attractive returns on the NAND side of the business, and the team is very focused on making that a reality. And to the extent there is a partnership out there that's going to increase the likelihood and/or accelerate the pace, we're going to evaluate those partnerships along the way so it can be enhancing to the returns of what we do in the memory space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong from Nomura.
David Wong: Bob, given your stance on concentration of resources, what are you thinking with regard to Intel developing a term GPU product? And if you are pressing ahead with this, can give us an update on where you are and when we might see the first Intel GPUs?
Robert Swan: Yes. I mean first, as we think about the key technologies that we believe are going to be increasingly important going forward, I flagged them earlier, but we characterize them as our -- kind of our 6 pillars of technology differentiation. Obviously, process technology is an important component; Second, architectures, I'll come back to that; third, memory; fourth, interconnect; fifth, security; and sixth, software. And how we bring the collection of those 6 things together that nobody else in the industry can do, we think is really what's going to allow us to capitalize on an increasingly data-centric world.  When we think about architecture, we just -- as we learn more and more about how workloads are evolving and the increasingly importance of artificial intelligence and parallel processing, we believe that architectures beyond the CPU, like GPU, like FPGA, like AI, like other accelerators, become increasingly important. So we have decided that we are going to invest in discrete GPUs. We're going to launch a new integrated GPU in the near term, which we're pretty excited about. But discrete GPUs, I think we said that we are going to launch it in 2020 time frame, both for clients and for data center. Increased workloads, we're going to leverage the integrated technology that we've enhanced and invested in discrete GPUs because we think it's an architecture that's increasingly important. And we think we can develop some real attractive products based on our existing core architecture.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Bob, I had a question on 10-nanometer progress and the competition on the server side. I know your -- the team is sounding more confident about 10-nanometer on the client side. I'm curious what the progress is on 10-nanometer and the server side, and as part of that, how do you think your customers are reacting to a competitor bringing out their products in the back half? Your products are coming out next year. What are you hearing from customers as to how they are thinking about the next generation of server CPUs and the desire for perhaps diversifying suppliers?
Robert Swan: First, on 10-nanometer for server, what we've indicated is that we would have client systems on shelf for the holiday season, and our expectation is that server CPUs would be a fast follow. Historically, I think it's been more of a 12- to 18-month gap between client and then server. On 10-nanometer, that gap would be much shorter. And again, what we said is fast follow after client systems on shelf, so sometime in 2020, earlier versus later. In terms of just competitive positioning, with the -- we've been -- our Xeon Scalable product that we launched last year and then enhanced with our Cascade Lake launch just a few weeks ago I think, that has increased performance. It's got AI acceleration built into it. It's coupled with Optane memory. It's got a 56 core count. And the performance of that product, coupled with our knowledge of the environment in which -- our customers' environments, we think we really have demonstrated differentiated performance, a product leadership performance, even though it is still on 14-nanometer. So we have a good product that really pulls together those 6 pillars that I talked about earlier. We launched it a few weeks ago. We said we expect it to ramp as fast as any launch that we've done in the past. And we think it positions us competitively in the second half of the year, despite increased competition prior to launching 10-nanometer in 2020. So we feel good about 10-nanometer in general. We're going to be a fast follow with server in 2020. In the meantime, the Cascade Lake product has some real performance enhancements based on our deep domain knowledge of our customers. And it'll be an increased competitive environment, but we feel pretty good and we tried the best we could to capture that in our outlook for 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: 5G network connectivity is very strong and projected to continue to accelerate on a go-forward basis. Korea, China, U.S., all starting to fire. You guys have a great lineup of products, Xeon D, full-blown Xeon, base station ASICs, FPGAs and so on. So help us understand, given all these dynamics, why did the comms service provider segment decline year-over-year in Q1? And maybe more importantly, just given the strong 5G lineup that you have, do you see comms service provider contributing to the strong second half implied growth in your data-centric segment guidance for the full year?
Robert Swan: Yes. I think, first, yes, we feel like we got a great product lineup for the launch of 5G. We have a strong position today, and we think 5G is only going to accelerate that across a broad swath of our products and technologies. The -- a couple of things going on, we believe, in Q1. One, just in terms of the increased demand, we do expect it to be coming maybe a little bit later in the year. I think FPGA is a little bit earlier, but the Xeon, we expect to follow later in the year and even more in 2020, to be honest with you. So timing, we expect it to be out a little bit, modest improvement in the second half but not dramatic. And the other thing I would say is that we have a strong customer base in China in comms. And we -- like we saw in cloud and enterprise and government, comms growth we think was also impacted by strong comms growth last year that's probably being digested a little bit in the first couple of quarters of this year. Again, one of our large customers in China is a contributor to the question earlier about buying ahead and then digestion, is a weight on comms growth in the first quarter. So we're pretty excited about the demand signals we're seeing, the relationships we've built for 5G and think it's going to be a really important part of our story going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Bob, I just wanted to -- I was wondering if you could shed more light on the DCG op margin. We've not seen this low a number in quite a few quarters, I think 6 to 8 quarters, 38%. And you list 3 reasons, but it disproportionately seems to be lower versus the revenue decline. Could you shed a little bit more light? And more importantly, how should we expect this to trend as the year progresses?
Robert Swan: Yes, I mean I think the things we flagged, obviously, unit volume declines on a high-margin business worked against us. Secondly, it's really DCG now. I talked to you about the fast follow of DCG on 10-nanometer after client launch. So as a result, they're just now beginning to bear some of the brunt of the cost of sales that all went through the P&L in the first quarter until those products qualify. And then third, this is a -- this is a big growth area for us and we're going to continue to make investments. So those 3 things are really what drove the op margin decline in the quarter. As you know, just from historical trends, data center margins tend to be a little bit lower in the first quarter. And obviously, implied in our guide first half to second half, second half is a little stronger. And with that strength on unit volumes despite maybe more intense ASP environment, we expect operating margins to kind of improve in line with revenue growth in the second half. Those trends are fairly consistent with how the quarterly dynamics of DCG operating margins go. They're just more exacerbated in Q1 with the 10-nanometer cost of sales starting to impact the business.
Operator: Our final question for tonight comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Just one more on gross margin, if possible, and I know you don't want to comment on '20. But I'm just trying to understand the trajectory here, because it seems like your 10-nanometer has been delayed. You're ramping it now. It does seem like it's on a portion of the product line, not like the old days, where it would flip over all of client. So I'm just trying to understand, if you look at the impact you saw this year, why is it incorrect to think about that you should see a similar impact next year?
Robert Swan: Well, yes, I think you know that our expectations are as we begin to ramp high-volume manufacturing, that in conjunction with that, we expect to see improved yields and better units-to-die performance as we go throughout the course of the year and as we step on the pedal and ramping volumes. So the -- part of the answer is we expect to improve yields as we go forward. But that being said, any time we transition to a new node, the earlier stages tend to be -- have a little bit of a compression effect on gross margins until we get a little more maturity. And I don't want to get out ahead on 2020. We're more focused on '19 right now, but it's natural for the transition to a new node in early stages to have a bit of a downward pressure on gross margin.
Mark Henninger: Thanks, Blayne. And thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q4 2018 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Operator. And welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor Web site, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Bob Swan, our Intel's Chief Financial Officer and Interim CEO; Murthy Renduchintala, Group President of the Technology, Systems Architecture, and Client Group and Chief Engineering Officer, as well as Navin Shenoy, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Group. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from Bob, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings releases available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks Mark. And thanks to Navin and Murthy who will participate in the Q&A later in the call. Before I get into the results, I'll take a minute to address what I expect is a top of mind question, the status of Intel's CEO search. The Board continues to evaluate candidates for what I believe is the biggest and best open job on the planet. They are proceeding with a sense of urgency while also ensuring that they make the right choice for this great company. Meanwhile, Murthy, Navin, the entire management team and the 107,000 employees have come together as a team to continue driving Intel's transformation to a data centric company. Our 2018 results demonstrate the progress we've made, and I'd like to share those results with you now. 2018 marked Intel's golden anniversary. It was a truly remarkable year for a remarkable company. Full-year revenue grew 13% and crossed the $70 billion mark for the first time, setting an all time revenue record for the third consecutive year. Our data center, Internet of Things, programmable solutions, memory, mobile eye and modem business businesses each set all time full year revenue record. 2018 was also a pivotal year in Intel's transformation to become a data centric company pursuing an expanded greater than $300 billion market opportunity. Intel's collection of data center businesses grew 20% in 2018 after adjusting for McAfee. The largest of our data centric businesses, the Data Center Group, delivered record annual revenue of $23 billion, up 21% year-over-year on strong cloud demand and growing share with communication service provider customers. Our PC centric business achieved 9% growth in 2018, as the PC market stabilized and we gained share in modem. While 2018 was a record year, we expected a stronger finish. Fourth quarter revenue of $18.7 billion was up 9% but short of our expectations as a result of a dramatically weakening modem demand, lower overall growth in China, cloud service providers absorbing capacity and a weakening NAND pricing environment. While revenue fell short, we exceeded our EPS outlook by $0.06 or about 5%. We continued to deliver outstanding new products for our customers and previewed new innovations that positions Intel to compete and win for years to come. And we also made significant progress in growth areas like AI, Autonomous Driving and 5G. I'll take a few minutes to give some specifics before we dive into the financial results. Over the course of the quarter and culminating at CES, we highlighted breakthrough innovations that will be central to our product leadership for years to come. We outlined our product design philosophy, which combine six pillars of innovation, process technology, architecture, memory, interconnect, security features and software to consistently and reliably deliver leadership products that solve our customers' most challenging problems. One example of this designed philosophy in action is our unique Foveros 3D packaging technology. Foveros enables active stacking of logic chiplets for the first time in the industry's history, and left those mix-and-match process technologies and architectures to deliver breakthrough products. The first such product Lakefield is slated for production in 2019. Lakefield features a 10-nanometer hybrid CPU architecture combining a Sunny Cove CPU core, four low-power Atom CPU cores, Gen 11 graphics and more in a dime sized product that enables the smallest PC motherboard ever possible. Foveros business tremendous design flexibility and pace away for a myriad of devices and systems combining high-performance, high density and low-power silicon process technologies. In the datacenter, we began shipping the new Cascade Lake family of high-performance EM processors with DL boots for accelerated AI performance, hardware-based security mitigations and the first implementation of Optane DC persistent memory. Many of our datacenter OEMs and cloud customers are now offering early trials with Intel Optane DC persistent memory, which is enabling entirely new usage models and improved system performance. In client computing, we launched our new 9th gen Intel Core desktop product line up for gaming and content creation, growth segments that demand Intel performance. We also previewed our upcoming 10 nanometer Ice Lake client CPUs, which will deliver unprecedented levels of integration, including DL Boost inference acceleration, Wi-Fi 6, thunderbolt 3 and Gen 11 graphics, our first integrated GPU with a full teraflop of performance. Our 10 nanometer yields continue to improve and Ice Lake remains on track to be in volume systems on retail shelves for the 2019 holiday selling season. In Q4, we also made important progress in AI, 5G and autonomous driving. For artificial intelligence, we saw accelerating adoption of OpenVINO, our open source toolkit for neural network optimization and the rapid deployment of AI based computer vision. In addition to the strong adoption of OpenVINO by the developer community, we also launched several new products during the year, including our third generation vision processing unit. Our partners created a catalog and AI based vision accelerator cards with our VPU you and FPGA product. While digital video was once a vertical within the IoT business, AI based machine vision is becoming a critical horizontal capability that cuts across all IoTG verticals. And our leadership portfolio, both hardware and software solutions, is removing the barriers to deployment and accelerating IoTG's growth. We also highlighted a new AI product on our roadmap, the Nervana neural network processor for inference or NNPI, which is designed to accelerate inference workloads and achieve the highest performance per watt in the industry. We expect NNPI to be in production this year. 5G is another big opportunity for both our PC centric and data centric businesses. At CES, we unveiled the new 10 nanometer based network system on chip, codename Snow Ridge developed specifically for 5G wireless access and edge computing. Snow Ridge will bring Intel architecture into wireless access base stations, and allow more computing functions to be distributed out at the edge of the network. We expect to be in production on Snow Ridge in the second half of this year, which is also when we'll deliver our first 5G modem, the Intel XMN 8165 5G. In autonomous driving and ADAS, Mobileye's efforts to lead this revolution continues to build momentum with 28 new design wins and 78 vehicle model launches in 2018. In the fourth quarter, we announced plans to commercialize mobility-as-a-service in Israel with Volkswagen and Champion Motors, making Mobileye's rest of products, technologies and services unmatched in the industry. Mobileye's products now span from open ADAS and AB compute platforms to turnkey vehicle retrofits to ultimately mobility-as-a-service. And they are enabled by the industry's best vision algorithms and driving policy software. The groundbreaking RSS model for AV safety and REM real-time crowdsourced maps. At CES, we announced important progress for both RFS and REM. IPS, China's leading industry organization for transportation standards approved a proposal to standardize RFS for the China market. We also completed the mapping of Japan's Highway system, 25,000 kilometers of roads using data harvested from a customer fleet of vehicles outfitted with EyeQ4 in just 24 hours. This is a path that would have previously required thousands of hours of driving and scanning using specialized vehicles. This sort of breakthrough is possible only with Mobileye's combination of technology and massive market scale, and it positions Mobileye to monetize ADAS and AV technology long before level four and five autonomy are deployed at scale. And REM will be monetized in areas beyond autonomous vehicles. We just announced the partnership with ordnance survey to use data collected via consumer vehicles outfitted with EyeQ4 to help utilities manage infrastructure. Looking back at 2018, it is abundantly clear that Intel's employees, the unstoppable engine driving our innovation, are more determined than at any point in our history to make Intel technology the foundation for the world's most important innovations and advances. Not only was it a record year from a financial perspective, we achieved major milestones in terms of our diversity and inclusion goals. We reached full representation in our U.S. workforce two years ahead of our plan. We also achieved gender pay equity across our global workforce. And to celebrate 50 years of Intel, more than 68,000 employees volunteered approximately 1.5 million hours in the communities where we operate. I'm proud of what Intel employees achieved in 2018, and I'm equally proud on how they responded to challenges. With that, let's turn to the financial results. The fourth quarter closed the record 50th anniversary year with strong data centric and PC centric growth. Revenue for the quarter was $18.7 billion, up 9% year-over-year. Our data centric businesses were collectively up 9% and our PC centric business was up 10%. Operating margin of 35% was approximately flat with strong mix and continued spending leverage, offset by 10 nanometer cost and growth in our adjacent businesses. Strong business performance, spending leverage and a lower tax rate resulted in non-GAAP net income of $5.9 billion, up 14% year-over-year. EPS of $1.28 was up 18% year-over-year. For the full year of 2018, we generated $14.3 billion of free cash flow, returned $15.3 billion to shareholders, including $5.5 billion in dividends. We purchased 217 million shares and increased our buyback authorization by $15 billion. Free cash flow was $1.2 billion short of our October expectations due largely to an increase in accounts receivable. To summarize, we had a strong quarter and fantastic year with full year revenue up 13% or nearly $6 billion higher than our original forecast in January. Earnings per share was up 32% and free cash flow was up 38% over last year. We're expecting another record year in 2019. And as a result of our continued growth, we are raising the dividend 5%. Our Leadership products continue to win share in our expanded TAM, as both our data centric and our PC centric businesses continue to grow in the fourth quarter. Our data centric businesses were up 9% for the quarter as customers choose our performance products to move, store and process more data faster from the cloud to the edge. And our PC centric business was up 10% as we saw continued strength in the commercial and gaming PC segments and we gained modem share. Moving to earnings, we generated solid EPS expansion in the quarter, up 18% year-over-year. And our operating income increased $580 million with operating margin approximately flat year-over-year in the quarter. Our EPS improvement was driven by growing demand for higher performance products in the data center and client businesses, leading to higher volumes in ASPs, continued spending leverage, a lower tax rate and lower share count as a result of buybacks. Our focus on operational efficiency continues to produce strong results with 2018 spending as a percentage of revenue at 28.6%, down over 7 points since 2015 and meeting our 30% commitments two full years ahead of our goal. R&D is up $1.4 billion over the same period as we continue to increase investments in areas that will drive growth in our expanded TAM, such as product leadership, artificial intelligence and autonomous driving. Over the last three years, we've grown annual revenue by more than $15 billion, while adding less than $250 million in spending, resulting in a more than 25% increase in revenue per employee. Now some Q4 performance highlights by segment. The Data Center Group delivered another greater than $6 billion revenue quarter and a growing storage and networking CPU TAM that is greater than 30 million units. Revenue of $6.1 billion was up 9% year-over-year but below our October expectations. Year-over-year growth decelerated as all three major verticals within DCG were impacted by weakness in China demand and as some CFPs move to consume capacity put in place earlier in the year. Platform unit volume was up 9% and ASPs were up 1%. Our Xeon ASP grew mid single-digits as customers continue to transition to Xeon Scalable and a richer mix of higher performance products. We also saw ASP expansion in our SoC products and much higher SOC volume as we continue to have success in network transformation. The higher SoC volumes resulted in more modest blended platform ASP growth. Non-CPU adjacencies were down 2%, driven by several large one-time deals in the fourth quarter of 2017 that did not repeat in the fourth quarter '18. Cloud revenue grew 24% year-over-year, decelerating from Q3 '18. Enterprise and government revenue declined 5% year-over-year on a very challenging compare versus fourth quarter of 2017 and weaker China demand. Com service provider revenue grew 12% year-over-year on continued MFS gains as customers choose to virtualize and transform their networks on Intel architecture. Our other data center business IoTG, NSG and PSG achieved solid growth in Q4, together were up 9% year-over-year or 13% excluding the Wind River divestiture. Our Internet of Things business had revenue of $816 million, down 7% or up 4% excluding Wind River with operating profit of $189 million, down 27% year-over-year due to primarily supply constraints. Mobileye revenue was $183 million, up 43% over the last year as design wins and ADAS adoption continues to accelerate. Our memory business delivered revenue of $1.1 billion, up 25% year-over-year due to strong data center growth and continued Optane adoption, offset by a weaker NAND pricing environment. The shift of our data center and client SSDs to our 64 layer 3D NAND continues in both the data center and client businesses with volume mix greater than 75%. NSG was approximately breakeven for the year. As expected, Micron exercised its right to call Intel's interest in our joint venture I am/technologies. This announcement does not change Intel's plans in the coming quarters and the close of the call is at our discretion up to one year after the date of the call with a supply agreement that extends beyond the close. We have manufacturing options available and have been shipping a broad portfolio of Intel Optane's technology products for more than a year. We will continue to expand our product line and lead the industry with this exciting new technology. PSGs revenue came in at $612 million, up 8% and strength in the data center income segments. We saw continued momentum in PSG's datacenters segments, up 50% over last year and the advanced products category, our 20 and 14 nanometer solutions grew an outstanding 70%. Operating profit was $162 million, up 4% year-over-year.  Finally, the client computing group delivered another outstanding quarter with revenue of $9.8 billion, up 10% year-over-year. Commercial and gaming demand continued to be strong. The notebook segment grew 8% year-over-year, the desktop segment grew 3% year-over-year. Supply remains constrained, particularly at the value end of our product range. We are working closely with our customers to align demand with available supply, while we add capacity. And we expect supply demand balance to improve by midyear. Client adjacencies grew 45% year-over-year, driven primarily by increased modem share gains. Though modem revenue fell significantly below our expectations as a result of weaker smartphone demand. Our operating profit grew 402 million year-over-year with operating margin up 1 point. While our PC volumes were down 2%, our leadership product performance and segmentation contributed to strong mix. The investments we have made in the business organically in two acquisitions are delivering excellent cash flow generation. For 2018, we generated $29.4 billion in cash from operations. We invested $15.2 billion in capital expenditures and delivered $14.3 billion in free cash flow, up 38% year-on-year and closing the gap versus EPS by 4.5 points. During this period, we returned the 114% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. Buybacks totaled $10.7 billion and dividends totaled $5.5 billion. In addition, settlements of our convertible debt reduced fully diluted shares by $40 million. To wrap-up with our full year results, we ended 2018 our 50th anniversary year with our third consecutive year of record results. Revenue of $70.8 billion up 13% year-on-year driven by 20% growth in our data centric businesses, and 9% growth in our PC centric businesses. We started the year in January and expecting to generate $65 billion in revenue, 30% operating margin, and $3.55 in EPS. The growth that we and the industry have seen has been remarkable. We ended the year approximately $6 billion higher in revenue with operating margin of 35% and $4.58 in EPS. Operating income of $25 billion was up 25% on strong execution across the businesses and disciplined spending. In October, we provided a preview of our outlook for 2019. At the time, we described a combination of tailwinds and headwinds that were balanced. The tailwinds were in expanded and growing TAM, products momentum and business mix. The headwinds were tougher compares following an especially strong 2018, and increasingly competitive environment and global trade. Since that time, trade and macro concerns, especially in China have intensified. Cloud service providers shifted from building capacity to absorbing capacity and the demand pricing environment has further deteriorated. Those incremental headwinds are impacting our revenue expectations and slightly reducing our operating margin percentage forecast. The remaining factors are roughly consistent with our October assessment. Now, turning to our outlook for 2019. We expect 2019 to be another record year for us as the world's appetite for the analysis, transmission and storage of data continues to grow. We are forecasting revenue of approximately $71.5 billion, up 1% year-on-year and operating margin of approximately 34%, down less than a point year-on-year. We expect a modest decrease in gross margin percentage, driven by the 10 nanometer ramp and the growth of our adjacencies. This will be partially offset by increasing OpEx leverage as we continue to make thoughtful trade-offs and invest in R&D that will accelerate our growth and profitability. We expect the full year tax rate to be approximately 13.5% following several beneficial discrete events in 2018 and we expect EPS of $4.60. We expect gross capital expenditures of $15.5 billion with logic spending up and memory spending down. The increase in logic CapEx reflects our effort to meet our customers' needs and avoid constraining their growth, while our investment in memory is focused on the sit up of our independent technology development facility in New Mexico. And finally, we expect free cash flow of $16 billion, an increase of approximately 12%. As we look to the first quarter of 2019, we are forecasting revenue of approximately $16 billion flat year-on-year excluding Wind River. We expect PC centric revenues to be up low single digits on higher modems share and data centric revenues to be down low single digits on broad weakness in data center and continued NAND pricing pressure. We expect operating margin of 29% down 1point year-over-year with a decline in gross margin as a result of the 10 nanometer ramp and the growth of adjacencies, partially offset by increased spending leverage. We expect EPS of $0.87 flat year-on-year. We expect 2019 to be our fourth to record year in a row. We feel great about where we are and where we're going. Five years ago, we set out to transform Intel from a PC centric company to a data centric company. Today, our strategy, products and people, are delivering on that ambition with strong growth, record results and the largest TAM opportunity in the company's history. I've been inspired and humbled time and time again by our employees' commitment to this company, their colleagues and our customers, and we're just getting started. I am convinced the board will close on a new CEO in the near future and I believe the management team, myself and 107,000 employees will rally behind him or her to take this company to a whole new level. In the meantime, we will not be distracted by the board. With that, let me turn it over back to Mark and we'll get to your questions.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please introduce our first questioner.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Just relative to the DC, the data center guidance for the full year above mid single digits year over year in calendar year '19, you did a good job explaining what's causing the weakness in Q1 DCG and the NAND pricing. But as you look throughout the year from a minus low single digits to full year being mid single digit growth. You’re kind of looking for an acceleration against what becomes part of year-over-year compares in the June and September timeframe, at least. I'm just curious if you can help us frame how you think that reacceleration occurs how long of a pause products are you are seeing with the cloud customers? And importantly, how are you thinking about increased competition in '19 in the data centric businesses, especially in the server business as you think about mid-single digit year-over-year growth?
Bob Swan: I'll take a stab, and then Navin is here with me as well, I am sure he has a few comments. First, I would say that as we look at just overall demand for the data center environment, the end user demand by consumers and by enterprises, the workloads that we're seeing, the continued growth in workloads, we are as excited about the future as we've ever been. So we feel pretty good about the medium and long-term trend. As you know in 2018, our growth rate particularly in the cloud was up 45% through the first nine months of the year. So what we saw in the fourth quarter was, as I've mentioned, we saw a little bit of consumption going on. As you know, the purchases are done in cycles, massive purchases through the first nine months. And we started to see some of those purchases consumed in the fourth quarter. And we end the year we think with inventory levels on the server side of the business just a little bit higher than they have been historically. So as we project forward in the first six months of the year, we think that it's going to continue to be both consumption on the server-side and pricing in the NSG environment to be down through the first six months. And consistent with historical patterns, we do expect the purchasing to start picking up again in the second half of the year. So that's how we see it. Medium long-term we feel great, massive buying in the first nine months. The buying slowed a bit in fourth quarter and we expect that to continue through the first six months. I think the last part of your question I think just competitively, and then I'll kick it over to Navin. We're going into 2019 with every expectation to compete to protect our share position across our entire business. So we're obviously investing in the capital required to ensure we don’t constrain customers' growth. We're continuing to invest in R&D. And third, we're going to invest to protect our competitive position, both on the PC side and the data centric side. So yes, we expect competition to be stronger as we go through '19. But our guidance incorporates the fact that we're going to fight to protect our position.
Navin Shenoy: Maybe the only thing I would add, John, is that from a product point of view, the dynamic to think about in 2019 is that as Bob mentioned, we began shipping for production Cascade Lake, our next generation Xeon. And really that product is going to ramp, start to ramp in the middle part of the year and into the second of the year. The design momentum looks very strong. The product features look very compelling. The AI capability we have with DL Boost to support for Optane for persistent memory, the security hardware mitigation fixes, so that the customer momentum around that pipeline looks very strong. But it really doesn't ramp into the middle to the second half of the year. So as Bob said, the first half a little bit tougher but second half with product momentum, as well as what we're hearing from our customers, we expect to be better in the Data Center Group.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: So maybe generalize on that. If I just look through your guidance, you're basically guiding flat in Q1. And roughly flattish for the full year, which suggests that overall you're looking for a revenue trajectory in 2019 that’s very similar to the trajectory you had in 2018, which was very, very strong sequentially in many of the quarters. So I guess what is the risk just given everything that's going on that that maybe too aggressive, especially as you had a number of drivers in 2018, both on the data center as well as on the client side that aren't going to be repeating in 2019. How do we think about that?
Bob Swan:  Well first, yes, 2018 was a great year. And as we mentioned earlier, it grew during the course of the year. But a function we believe Stacy is just the end demand for data, and we haven't seen that slowdown at all. Again, on workloads insights from our customer and the industry, workloads continue to grow. The demand for analytics for compute for storage, for rapid retrieval, we think only continues to grow. And we believe that we have a very good position as we go into the year, including the products that Navin referenced. So we go into the year we think setting expectations in line with how we expect things to play out. And I would say you know today our outlook is little more cautious than it was two months ago. And we try to take into account both the macro economics, the geopolitical risks, the modest inventory build as we enter the year and the competitive environment. And we've taken those into account and reflected them the best we can as we go into the year. And we feel you know we feel pretty good about how things stack up right now. And our expectation as we have in the past is to deliver on the commitments we make as we kick off the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research. Your line is now open.
Pierre Ferragu: I was surprised Bob on your CapEx guidance and especially on the memory side. So my understanding is that last year you spent about $3 billion there with about half of that money actually coming from your clients, so not actually Intel Capital being deployed. So if you had $1.5 billion build out of Intel Capital deployed memory last year. If I look at your guide and think logic is slightly up, memory is going to be slightly down. So the actual Intel Capital invested deployed into memory this year is going to be up massively, maybe closer 2x and that's in a year in which everybody in the value chain, everybody in the memory industry is actually putting back on CapEx and limiting capacity addition. So I'd love to understand how you see that and how you position Intel this year in memory?
Bob Swan: First, just maybe start with as we see free cash flow for the year, we expect to be up $2 billion year-on-year with gross capital relatively flat. And I think you said this but just to repeat, 15.5 going to 15.5. During the course of '19, our expectations are of that mix that we'll be more logic oriented. And that's really driven by a couple things; one, ensuring we have the capacity to meet the 14 nanometer demand for our customers; secondly, as we ramp 10 nanometer in 2019 and position for 10 in 2020, we'll invest the additional capital there; and then third, obviously, our expectations there to continue to invest in next node of technology and particularly 7 nanometer. The logic capital is going to be going up year-over-year. And as we indicated, memory capital will be coming down. We put the capacity in place in Dalian during the course of the '17 and '18. And our expectations are in 2019 that we have sufficient capacity for demand. However, we are going to be investing in our own capabilities or self-sufficiencies for Optane product. So we will use some capital on building out Optane capacity but memory capital will be a bit lower -- gross capital will be a bit lower during the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Stanley with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Chris Stanley: I'm going to shift to the expense line. So maybe give us a little more color on OpEx and gross margin trends, and how you are going to hit the operating margin target?
Bob Swan: So first gross margin, the qualitative context is we expect gross margins to come down modestly off of Q4 levels and a little bit more off full-year 18 levels. And we do expect that that will be largely, although not completely, offset by outstanding as a percentage of revenue coming down again in 2019. I think just on the gross margin, the trends are going to be a little bit similar to what you see in the past. Although, we do expect a little bit less ASP gross margin improvement from ASP. We expect unit cost to be up a little bit and that will be primarily as we ramp 10 nanometer. And then the mix dynamics of more memory and more modem will weigh on gross margin a bit. So year-on-year, we expect gross margins to come down a little bit. On spending, as you know, we exit this year with spending levels down in the 26% in the fourth quarter and little under 29% for the full year. So we're way ahead of our the three year plans that we laid out a couple years ago, and we feel pretty good about the progress we've made on the spending. We've done it without cutting R&D. During that timeframe, R&D has grown. We've been investing in the right things. Those things are growing faster. As a result spending has come down 700 points from 2015 levels. As we go into 2019, spending overall we expect to come down. Some things we did during the course of the second half of '18, including the exit of -- we exited Wind River, we exited wearables, we exited some of our new technology small little businesses. We exited those businesses in the second half of the year. And we did some restructure in the second half of the year. So as we go into '18, all that benefit from a relatively low Q4, $4.9 billion run rate, we expect that standing for the full year will be down year on year. So your net all that together and we have a -- we've been really focused on growing the operating income dollars of the company. We’re not -- we focus on but we're not preoccupied with where the gross margin is going to land. Our focus has been on how do we grow the operating income dollars of the company. And a relatively small growth year, we see keeping operating margins at 34% to be a relatively good place without shooting the investments we need to make to continue to progress into '19 and '20.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Just want to follow up. Bob you gave a lot of great detail there on the margin side, especially on the OpEx side. I want to go right back to the gross margin side though. And somewhat simplistically perhaps, but you kept the gross margin guide basically the same as you did at the end of last quarter despite the headwinds to mix seemingly with your data centric commentary and data center being worse and your revenue being lower. So is there any more color you can give on the puts and takes that leads to just the modest decrease given those other variables that seem like they have increased as headwinds from when you last talked about gross margin in '19.
Bob Swan: The gross margin, Ross, isn't really any different. The puts and takes back then as I indicated were modest ASP growth as we are going to fight to protect our market share position, we don't expect a lot ASP growth. Again, 10 nanometer ramp not really any different, I highlighted it in the prepared remarks we feel very good about where we are. And ramping 10 nanometer during the course of the year to get systems on the shelf for the holiday season, so no real change there. And modem and memory growth will be a little bit slower today versus where we were 90 days ago. So on the operating margin percent that's a slight positive. The real only change from 90 days ago is just we're a little more cautious on our revenue outlook, and our spending hasn't really changed. So we got a slight, not as much to leverage that we expected back in October, but still good spending leverage during the course of the year. So, not really any difference on the gross margin and spending dynamics that we thought 90 days ago except a little less leverage on the spending line.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Within DCG, how should we think about the mix of cloud versus comps, versus enterprise for Q1 and 2019? Thank you.
Navin Shenoy: We've been over the last 18 months working hard to diversify the end customer segment mix inside of DCG. And the three large components, the enterprise and government segment, the Cloud segment and the com segment. Cloud and coms is about two thirds of the business now where it was about one third several years ago. And so I don't see any major changes to the way things play out in terms of where the growth will come from as we look into 2019 and beyond. While the first half in the cloud will be a little bit tougher, we do expect that cloud continues to grow as they start to move into build out again in the second half. The com segment, we continue to gain share in that segment, a large TAM where we have relatively small share. And as we grow our network SoC portfolio and as the market moves to 5G, we expect to continue to gain share. And in the enterprise and government segment, while we've seen stabilization there over the last four or five quarters we're not really counting on the enterprise and government segments for growth. We do expect that enterprises will continue to make strategic choices about what to deploy on-premise and what to deploy in the cloud. And in general, that business is not one that we count on for growth. So in general, you'll see us continue to push on comps and cloud to drive growth, particularly in the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Just wanted to receive an update on the some of the CPU shortages that you've been experiencing, and how you are progressing on alleviating those shortages. What affect that may have had on the Q4 results given that I guess there was some supply tightness at least coming into the quarter. And then on that with demand slowing a bit, is there any fear, do you have any visibility about customers who may have attempted or succeeded in building some inventory in those shortages?
Bob Swan: First, in the fourth quarter just in terms of isolating how we prioritize our capacity. There were no shortages. Within the client business prioritization of big core and to a lesser extent small core lower value oriented products. And so we do feel like we constrained a fairly healthy PC ecosystem in the fourth quarter. I think when the dust settles on PC TAM, our expectation is that was probably flat and our shipments were down 2%. And that was the function of we delivered every product that we could right up through December 31st. So we did have some constraints on the ecosystem and on our customers during the course of the quarter. At the end of the year, Chris, I think inventory levels relative to the beginning of the year, were a little bit higher, maybe a week and a half, two weeks higher as we enter the year. Our expectations for the year is the PC TAM is going to be relatively flat and that process is a good place to be. We're probably halfway through the PC refresh cycle. And we still think it'd be relatively flat during the year. Inventory levels in the channels a little bit higher ending the year. For us inventory levels were relatively low as you might imagine on CPU just because of the constraints we've been dealing with. Our expectation is working with our customers that we will be through the supply constraints as we exit the second quarter of the year. Again, we'll use the same prioritization of server, big core small core. But we'll be a little bit short on some product mix and on small core until we get probably through the second quarter. And that will constrain us a little bit on just overall growth in the first half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Just wanted to get an update on 10 nanometer manufacturer built in. Last quarter, the team mentioned 10 nanometer yields were tracking 14 nanometer yields at a similar point prior to production ramp. Is the team still seeing good improvements in 10 nanometer yields? Are you still tracking 14 nanometer yield ramps? And can you just give us an update on early 7 nanometer development and manufacturability?
Murthy Renduchintala: I can only add to what Bob said in his opening statements that we continue to make solid progress against our plan that we shared with you during the course of 2018. And as I said on the last call, I feel better about our traction today than I did 90 days ago. So that continues to bode well for our product launch ambitions, which Bob summarized is having systems on shelf for holiday season in 2019 with a barrage of products across all of our businesses to follow shortly thereafter. And I would like to take the opportunity to just remind everybody that at CES and in the analyst meeting we had the end of last year, we did show 10 nanometer across the entire portfolio of our product ranges. We talked about Ice Lake clients, which clearly was top of mind in the early discussion. So we also talked about Lakefield. Bob mentioned that as well. Navin talked about 10 nanometer for Ice Lake server. And we also talked about 10 nanometer moving into our network in 5G program which we believe is going to be a big growth sector. So the story is not just about 10 nanometer yields but 10 nanometer now being a key part of our entire product portfolio. And as I say, I think that coupled with our focus on the pillars of technology that Bob talked about, in my mind I think puts our product portfolio looking forward in a pretty good position. So net-net, I think 10 nanometer is looking better now than at the last earnings call. It's broadly deployed across our portfolios. And that in combination with the other technology ingredients that Bob talked about, we believe sets us up for a pretty exciting product roadmap.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is now open. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Bob, I just wanted to go back to the NSG and the profitability in what was a really booming year for memory. Obviously, prices started to come down back half of the year but NSG was barely profitable. So just from a CFO perspective, what is your tolerance level for having a business segment that could go into a deep cyclical 6% downturn and not could? It is heading into a deep cyclical downturn. So how do you think about having a commodity within the Intel umbrella and again, the risk tolerance – not the risk tolerance for lack of profitability? Just your perspective on that please, thank you.
Bob Swan: First, a couple of things. When we look at, I mentioned this in the prepared remarks and Murthy touched on it. When we look at the technologies that we believe are going to be imperatives and going forward in this increasingly data centric world, process, CPU architecture, interconnect, software, memory is a key component. And all the advancements in CPUs will be constrained if you don't have differentiated technology in memory. So we think that the role memory plays going forward is increasingly important. In terms of the just the CFO lens of having a commodity in the portfolio, I'm not too excited about it. And that's why the investments we're making in memory are for what we believe differentiated technology, both in the manufacturing process capabilities of 3D NAND, but also the differentiated technology for Optane and the role that it plays, both on the PC side but most importantly for us on the data centric side. So we're not particularly excited about commodities. When we make these investments, it's really geared towards products and technologies that are increasingly important, and those technologies that are differentiated from the core memory space that help us in conjunction with the CPU solve customers' problems.
Navin Shenoy: And I'll just maybe add one thing, it's Navin, as an example of that. The Optane persistent memory combined with Cascade Lake and Xeon plus Optane that is a platform play. Optane persistent memory works uniquely with Xeon. And as I think about and talk to customers about the massive amount of data growth we're seeing, the ability for us to uniquely tie those two assets together to solve customers' problem is a differentiator for us, and allows us to drive growth. And so to the extent we can exploit more of those opportunities, things get more exciting from a business unit Xeon point of view.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri : Navin, I had a question for you. And there seems to me a little bit of different tone between what we hear from your cloud customers, the compute guys, you and the memory guys, are seeing weakness but the networking company still sound fine. So is it just an inventory digestion of computer and servers, or is there something structurally happening there?
Navin Shenoy: I think as Bob said and I think we've talked about a little bit. We had three quarters and really, really strong growth in 2018 in the cloud, and that was driven by product cycle, as well as the typical multiyear build out pattern with Xeon scalable. And if you look back at all the historical trends we have had in the cloud business, we've always said there is some lumpiness to the business, and there is periods where people build and then there's periods where people consume. The signals we get from our customers is period of build for compute is going to shift now to a period of consumption, and that started in the second half in the fourth quarter and we expect that to continue through the first half of the year. Secularly, over the long-term, meaning in the long-term, the cloud business is going to continue to grow. There's no doubt about that. Both the consumer cloud and the enterprise commercial cloud, we see both of those continue to grow. And the appetite for compute I think is somewhat insatiable. Bob talked about compute cycle growth. Our five-year forecast for compute cycle growth or MIPS growth is 50% CAGR over the next five years. And I see nothing slowing that down over the next number of years. So that'd be how I answer that one.
Bob Swan: Maybe if I could just close out, Mark. We think 2018 was a great year. Our strategically what it is we're trying to do and the opportunities we see are as strong if not stronger today heading forward as they've ever been. We think '19 for us is going to be another record year. At the same time, we realized that first quarter is just going to be lower and the practical reality is we got -- we think we have a reasonably good read on the level of inventory that's in the ecosystem. I'd say this particularly for -- we’re getting better and better on the Diagnostics around the DCG business. The Q4 to Q1 dynamics for DCG historically have been sequentially down 8% to 10%. And the practical reality is as we see it now is that could be double in the first quarter. But that has nothing to do with the strength of the business, the product line portfolio we have coming and our excitement about delivering a real strong 2019 as we go forward. So thank you very much for joining us. And I'm sure we'll talk to you soon.
Mark Henninger : Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp. Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Intel Corporation's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined by Bob Swan, our Interim CEO and Chief Financial Officer, and Murthy Renduchintala, Group President of the Technology, Systems Architecture, and Client Group and Chief Engineering Officer. Navin Shenoy and his wife are welcoming a new baby, and as a result he won't be joining us today. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from Bob, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings releases, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. This summer we celebrated our 50th anniversary, and this quarter was the best quarter in our 50-year history. Record quarterly revenue of $19.2 billion was up 19%. Our operating margins expanded 5 points, and earnings per share of $1.40 was up 39%. Our results were driven by incredibly strong demand and customer preference for the performance of our leadership products across the business. Our Data Center, Client Computing, Internet of Things, Memory, and Mobileye businesses all achieved record revenue. We expect 2018 to be the best year ever and our third record year in a row. Before we get deeper into the financials, I'll take a few minutes to talk about our strategy, our products, and our people, first our strategy. We are growing share in a larger TAM, driving operating leverage while increasing our R&D investments, and delivering attractive capital returns. Our thesis is that the massive growth of data worldwide will increase demand for the analysis, storage, and sharing of data. We are one of the few companies that touches every part of the data revolution, and we've invested both organically and acquisitively to capitalize on these trends to accelerate the growth of the company, while at the same time delivering significant operating leverage and exiting non-core businesses. Our disciplined focus is delivering outstanding results. Demand and growth this year continued to exceed our expectations. Collectively, our data-centric businesses are up 22% year to date, led by growth in the cloud and communication service provider segments. In both our data-centric and PC businesses, our CPU leadership puts us in a great position to capitalize on this massive data opportunity by delivering more value to a broader set of customers. We've expanded beyond CPUs with memory, modems, FPGAs, and silicon for emerging high-growth workloads like ADAS, artificial intelligence, and 5G communications. We acquired Mobileye, which has integrated Intel architecture to produce the industry's leading ADAS and autonomous driving platforms. Mobileye also just announced the ability to fully retrofit existing vehicles to deliver full autonomy, moving Mobileye further up the value chain. The acquisitions of Altera and Movidius are enabling us to partner with customers to expand the markets that they serve. They are developing new AI capabilities by combining our Core products with our FPGAs and VPUs. This is most evident in computer vision applications, which cut across all of our IoT verticals. As a result, our opportunity has never been bigger. We are competing and winning share in a $300 billion TAM, transforming from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company in the process. We now expect full-year revenue to grow more than $8.4 billion over 2017. And in the first nine months of the year, we have returned $12.6 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends, or 112% of free cash flow. We've also achieved outstanding growth in our PC-centric business. After seven years of decline, we expect modest growth in the PC TAM this year, and we continue to gain share in modems. We focused our investments in the PC sector on the areas where we see growth and where our performance leadership and differentiation matters most, the commercial, gaming, and 2-in-1 segments. Second, our products, our strategy is delivering results because we have products that are solving our customers' problems. We're making the products we have even better and expanding our portfolio to deliver more value to customers. One of the most important things we do is collaborate with our customers and ecosystem partners to deliver exciting new computing experiences. We do that broadly with our OEMs. An example in our PC business was the launch of the stunning new HP Spectre Folio, a 2-in-1 we worked closely with HP to develop. We leveraged our expertise in thermal tuning and motherboard miniaturization while achieving up to 19 hours battery life through power tuning and the use of Intel's low-power display technology. This sort of innovation isn't possible without Intel's exceptionally broad range of IP and the scale and expertise to partner deeply with our customers on design. We also launched the new 9th gen Intel Core desktop processors, including the world's best gaming processor. In our data-centric businesses, we announced 95 new performance world records for Xeon Scalable and continue to see strong adoption while we work with customers to get ready for the transition to Cascade Lake. Cascade Lake introduces hardware-based side channel mitigation, Intel DL Boost with 11x inference speed-up, and a revolutionary new technology, Optane DC Persistent Memory. And we're deepening our engagement with customers on custom SKUs. In fact, we'll have 60% more custom SKUs in the Cascade Lake family than the prior generation. We shipped our first revenue units of Optane DC Persistent Memory to Google, Microsoft, and Alibaba, and we're already receiving great feedback. Microsoft reported a new performance record of 13.7 million IOPS using Xeon Scalable and Optane, a level they said they've never seen with any other platform approach. Customers also continue to choose Intel as a partner as they use artificial intelligence to transform their businesses. Taboola chose Intel Xeon over GPUs for a massive inference speedup and scale-out across seven data centers, delivering 360 billion content recommendations monthly. Rolls-Royce will design autonomous ships running inference on Xeon and are evaluating more of our portfolio in a multiyear engagement. Mobileye customer momentum continued, with eight new design wins at major U.S. and global automakers, bringing our 2018 design win total to 20. Mobileye also shipped 3.3 million EyeQ SOCs in the third quarter, bringing the lifetime total to more than 33 million units. While our current product lineup is compelling, our roadmap is even more exciting. We continue to make good progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving, and we're on track for 10-nanometer-based systems on shelves during the holiday 2019 selling season. The breadth of IP we've assembled combined with Intel's design, software, packaging, and manufacturing capability, gives us an unmatched ability to invent the industry's future. Third and most importantly, our people, Intel has amazing talent, including world-class scientists and engineers, and we are making excellent progress toward our commitment to a fully representative workforce. Intel employees are at their best when they're working together to address challenges. And faced with explosive and unexpected demand this year, they've exhibited incredible problem-solving skills to deliver this quarter's results. The PC TAM has returned to growth, and our Data Center business is growing at more than twice the rate we expected in January. Our full-year revenue outlook is now more than $6 billion higher than our January forecast, and we have supply to support this revised guidance thanks to outstanding responsiveness from our factory teams. We are focused on doing everything possible not to constrain our customers' growth. We've increased our CapEx by $1.5 billion since January to a record $15.5 billion. We've repositioned some 10-nanometer capacity to 14-nanometer, and we're making progress with our 10-nanometer process technology. Supply is tightest at the entry level of the PC market and in our IOTG business. Within our CPU product lines, we're prioritizing the production of our Xeon and Core processors so that we and our customers can serve the high-performance segments of the market. Our biggest challenge in Q4 will be meeting any additional PC and IOTG demand beyond our guidance, and we do expect fourth quarter upside from here will be limited. Summing it up, our strategy, leadership products, and amazing people combined to produce the best quarter in the company's history. We're well on track to another record year. With that, let's turn to the details. Third quarter revenue of $19.2 billion was up 19% year over year. Our data-centric businesses were collectively up 22% and our PC-centric business was up 16%. Outstanding business performance, continued operating leverage, and a lower tax rate resulted in non-GAAP net income of $6.5 billion, up 34% year over year. EPS of $1.40 was up 39% year over year. Year to date, we have generated $11.2 billion of free cash flow and returned $12.6 billion to shareholders, including $4.2 billion in dividends and $8.5 billion in buybacks, repurchasing 167 million shares. We continue to see strong momentum in our business and are raising our full-year revenue guide by $1.7 billion to $71.2 billion. We are also raising our EPS guide by $0.38 versus July to $4.53 and our free cash flow guide by $500 million to $15.5 billion. Our revenue guidance for 2018 is up greater than $6 billion versus our January expectations, as we focus on a strong finish to a record year. Our leadership products continue to win share in our expanded TAM, as both our data-centric and PC-centric businesses grew at double-digit rates this quarter. Our data-centric businesses were up 22%, as customers choose our performance products to move, store, and process more data faster from the cloud to the edge. And our PC-centric business was up 16%, as we saw continued strength in the commercial and gaming PC segments and grew modem share. Operating income increased by more than $2 billion, with margin up 5.1 points year over year in the third quarter, marking our highest operating margin percentage since 2011. EPS climbed to $1.40, up 39% year on year. Our EPS improvement was driven by growing demand for high-performance products in the Data Center and Client businesses, leading to higher volumes and ASPs, continued growth in our adjacent businesses, a lower tax rate, and lower share count as a result of buybacks. Our focus on operational efficiency continues to produce strong results. We now expect full-year spending as a percentage of revenue to be approximately 29%, down about 7 points since 2015, while R&D is up $1.4 billion over the same period. We continue to improve our leverage while increasing investment in our key priorities, such as product leadership, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving. Disciplined spending with a focus on prioritizing the most important investment opportunities is a key lever in magnifying our revenue opportunities, and it's apparent in our results. Over the last three years, we've grown annual revenue by nearly $16 billion while adding less than $600 million in spending, resulting in a more than 25% increase in revenue per employee. Now some Q3 performance highlights by segment, the Data Center Group delivered its first $6 billion revenue quarter, as it shipped more than 8 million CPUs into an annual server, storage, and network and CPU TAM that is greater than 30 million units. Revenue of $6.1 billion was up 26% year over year, and operating income of $3.1 billion was up 37% year over year. Q3 operating margin was 50%, and we continued to see strong acceleration in both the cloud and comm service providers segments, which make up more than two-thirds of DCG revenue. Platform unit volume was up 15% and ASPs were up 10%. Non-CPU adjacencies grew 14% over last year. The cloud business grew 50% year over year, with strong growth trends across our diversified customer base. Our comm service provider segment grew 30% year over year, as customers continued to transform their networks with Intel architecture as they prepare for 5G. And our enterprise segment was up 1% year over year, as the strong IT spending environment continued, with CIOs prioritizing investment in private and hybrid cloud implementations. Our other data-centric businesses, IOTG, NSG, and PSG, achieved solid growth in the third quarter, and together were up 13% year over year or 17% excluding Wind River. Our Internet of Things business achieved record revenue of $919 million on broad business strength, up 8% or 19% excluding Wind River. Operating profit was $321 million, up 120% year over year, on growing demand and revenue scale. Mobileye had record revenue of $191 million, up approximately 50% over last year, as ADAS adoption continues to accelerate. Our Memory business delivered record revenue of $1.1 billion, up 21% year over year, as we continued to redefine the storage paradigm with industry-leading, low-cost, high-density NAND SSDs and the revolutionary performance of Optane drives. We have now reached a crossover point, with 50% of our data center and client SSDs shifted to cost-effective 64-layer 3D NAND, leading to rapidly improving cost per gigabyte. At the same time, as a result of pursuing 3D XPoint development independently and a tougher NAND pricing environment, we now expect NSG to be approximately breakeven for the full year. Micron recently announced their intent to call the IMFT factory. Our agreements with Micron ensure a reliable and cost-effective supply of 3D XPoint through at least 2020. And we have developed internal manufacturing options which can be executed well within that timeframe. PSG's revenue came in at $496 million, up 6% on strength in data center and comm segments. PSG's data center segment was up 45% over last year. In the advanced products category, our 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer, and 14-nanometer solutions grew 55%. Operating profit was $106 million, down 6% year over year. Finally, the Client Computing Group delivered exceptional results with its first $10 billion quarter, up 16% year over year. Commercial and gaming demand continued to be very strong. The notebook segment grew 13% year over year. The desktop segment grew 9% year over year. And client adjacencies grew 66% year over year, led by the 131% growth in our modem business. Operating profit grew $932 million year over year, while operating margin up 3.7 points. Leadership product performance and segmentation contributed to strong mix and higher ASPs. The investments we have made in the business organically and through acquisition are delivering excellent cash flow generation. Year to date, we have generated $22.5 billion in cash from operations. We have invested $11.3 billion in capital expenditures and delivered $11.2 billion in free cash flow, up 57% over the first three quarters of last year. During this period, we returned 112% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. Buybacks totaled $8.5 billion and dividends totaled $4.2 billion. In addition, settlements of our convertible debt reduced fully diluted shares by 22 million. Now turning to our full-year outlook, we started the year in January expecting to generate $65 billion in revenue, 30% operating margin, and $3.55 in EPS. Nine months later, the growth that we and the industry have seen has been remarkable. We couldn't be more pleased that in an increasingly competitive market, our customers are choosing Intel. Our leadership products are winning across our data-centric businesses, and we're seeing strong demand upside in the client business that not long ago many thought was in perpetual decline. We are now forecasting revenue of approximately $71.2 billion, up $1.7 billion versus our expectations in July. This represents a $6.2 billion increase versus the expectations we set just nine months ago. We now expect data-centric growth to be approximately 20% year over year and PC-centric growth to be around 9% year over year. Our outlook for operating margin is approximately 34.5%, up 2.5 points from July, as we now expect to deliver 29% spending to revenue, not only hitting our original goal two years early but beating it. We expect a full-year tax rate of around 12%, down slightly from our prior estimate. Overall, we expect strong top line growth and improving operating leverage will drive EPS to $4.53, up $0.38 from our estimate in July. As a result of increased demand, we are raising our forecast for gross CapEx to $15.5 billion, or approximately $14 billion net of memory prepayments. We are now expecting free cash flow of $15.5 billion, up $500 million from July. For Q4, we are forecasting revenue of approximately $19 billion, up 11% year over year. We expect operating margin of approximately 34.5% and gross margin of approximately 62%. We also expect EPS at $1.22, up 38% excluding equity adjustments from business growth, spending leverage, and a lower tax rate. We expect DCG to set another revenue record of approximately $6.3 billion in the fourth quarter. Due to supply constraints, we anticipate IOTG revenue will be down approximately 15% sequentially. As we look forward to 2019, we expect to deliver another record year for the company. We'll have more to say about 2019 in January, but we're expecting that our operating margin percentage will be approximately flat next year. We expect gross margins to remain in the upper half of our historical 55% to 65% range. While we expect 2019 gross margin percentage to be down slightly from Q4 2018 levels as we continue to gain share in our adjacent businesses and we ramp our 10-nanometer process, that will be offset by increasing OpEx leverage as we continue to make thoughtful trade-offs and invest in R&D that will accelerate our growth and profitability. And we expect the full-year tax rate to be up a couple points following several beneficial discrete events in 2018. Five years ago, we set out to transform Intel from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company. Today, our strategy, our products, and our people are delivering on that ambition, with strong growth, record results, and the largest TAM opportunity in the company's history, and we're just getting started. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark, and we'll get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right, thank you, Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A, continuing with the practice that we began last quarter, we'll ask each participant to ask just one question if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan, your question please.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. On the competitive front, with your nearest competitor rolling out its second-generation 7-nanometer server next product year, I guess the first question is, is the Intel team still on track to roll out its next-generation Xeon family, the Cascade Lake, at the end of this year? And if you could, just help us understand. What are some of the performance and portfolio differentiators that are going to help the team maintain relatively strong share in the service segment 2019 and beyond?
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: Yeah, Harlan, this is Murthy. Let me take that one. Yes, you're correct. We still intend to be making first shipments of Cascade Lakes by Q4, and we're really excited with the stockpile of new features we have lined up for that platform, primarily the support of our Optane Persistent Memory that we will launch in conjunction with Cascade Lakes as we enter early 2019. We believe that will be a significant uplift in performance. We will also have dedicated instruction set extensions to support artificial intelligence workloads. And we'll have continued generation-over-generation CPU improvements. So all in all, we think that Cascade Lake represents a power-packed addition to the data center roadmap. And of course, we have further excitement towards the end of next year as we launch our Cooper Lake platform as well. So we're really excited about the lineup we have in our DCG roadmap for next year and indeed, as you said, for the end of this quarter.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs, your question please.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you so much for taking the question. Bob, you've done a great job in managing OpEx since coming on board. You talked about further leverage into 2019. Can you remind us which areas of the business you're deemphasizing from a spending perspective? And how should we think about the balance between R&D and SG&A in 2019 and beyond? Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah first, I think that the progress we made has been a team sport. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we're down 700 basis points from 2015. And during that timeframe, it's not been at the expense of R&D. It's on the contrary, R&D has grown $1.4 billion during that timeframe. So really the underlying dynamics is we've made trade-offs to invest in higher growth segments of the business. That growth is in fact accelerating. And from that accelerating growth, we've been extremely disciplined on getting leverage on our SG&A, and we've exited some what I'd characterize non-core businesses. During the course of this year, we exited Wind River. We reduced our investments in wearables products, and we exited the Saffron business as well. So as we go forward, we're going to continue to increase R&D, and we're going to increase it in the areas that we think can generate differentiated growth for us. And from that growth, we expect to continue to get leverage as we go into 2019.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse, your question please.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, good afternoon, Bob. Congratulations on the strong results. Bob, I wonder if you could just comment a little bit on when do you think the supply constraints will be over relative to your capacity addition plans. And if I caught it right, it sounds like in the calendar fourth quarter, you're choosing to shortchange the IoT Group. Does that mean that you're already caught up in the PC market, or how should we think about that dynamic?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: First, John, as we mentioned earlier, we were caught off guard a little bit this year by explosive growth well ahead of what our expectations were back in the beginning of the year, and that growth came from all different segments of the business. It put us in the unfortunate situation of constraining some of the demand signals that we were seeing from the market and our customer base. In conjunction with our customers, our teams have done an outstanding job in the third quarter and we project into the fourth quarter, and that has enabled us to increase our revenue outlook for the year by $1.7 billion. But I think as we go into the fourth quarter, given the demand signals we continue to see across the business, we in fact will be constraining growth. Our focus has been prioritizing, in conjunction with our customers, Xeon and Core processors. And therefore by definition, the lower end of PC and the IoT business is being constrained. So we are in a constraint scenario into the fourth quarter, both at low-end PC and IoT. As we go into next year and the timing, we've put a lot of capital to work this year. It's a record year for CapEx for us at $15.5 billion. It's $1.5 billion higher than what we expected entering the year, and we have taken some of our 10-nanometer equipment and tools and began to blow that back to meet the increased demand for 14. So we're working extremely hard to get back on track in 2019. But at this stage of the game, given the demand signals we've seen in fourth quarter, we're going to be constrained a little bit. And we're trying to prioritize best as we can with our customers.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montreal, your question please.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thank you very much, Bob. Thanks actually for providing some color on 2019, but one area you did not touch on was CapEx. And I'm asking if you could provide us some directional input on that and what we should expect for CapEx, specifically in light of the Micron call option and implications that has for your spend on the memory side. Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: I think on CapEx at the macro level, as we think into 2019, we expect logic CapEx to likely be a little higher, and memory CapEx, despite building self-sufficiency on Optane, to be a little bit lower. So at the macro level, those are the dynamics. In terms of how it plays out on overall levels, it's still a work in process, and I'd characterize it, Ambrish, this way. First, it's going to be a function of growth. As we get clearer around what growth looks like in 2019 for 14-nanometer, that will impact what the overall CapEx level is. Secondly, we've made some good progress on 10-nanometer yields over the course of the last six months. And as we progress through the fourth quarter and into 2019, if we're further ahead on 10-nanometer yields, that will influence the amount of CapEx next year. Third, our progress on 7-nanometer, how well we progress on 7-nanometer also will influence how we think about CapEx. And last but not least, as it relates to memory, it's more the customer quals and adoption of our leading-edge 3D NAND 96-layer product. As we continue to make progress on developing that, we may deploy that capital, and that pays for itself very quickly. So as we sit here today, CapEx, I expect logic to be up, memory to be down. And as we look at those four things, all which I'd characterize as being good things if we make progress on all four of those, that will influence the rate of CapEx spend next year. So we'll try to provide you a little more analytical color versus that qualitative color in January.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): This is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley, your question please.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. I wanted to get – just give us a little bit more color on the PC numbers in the quarter. How much were you constrained by the shortages that you saw? And I guess it looks like you grew a little bit more than seasonal on a sequential basis. And how much of the ASP lift that you saw you think was a function of those shortages? And then just any color on could those shortages spread higher into this product stack over the course of Q4?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Joe, I think as you saw from the IDC and Gartner folks, growth for PC TAM in the quarter probably around 1%. Our guess is it was probably a little bit stronger than that, 1% to 2% growth. And within that, we delivered 6% unit growth, so real strong unit growth and again good ASP momentum. I would say in Q3, largely a function of customer collaboration in our fabs, I don't think we were too terribly constrained on the PC side, to be honest with you. I think as we're going into Q4 is where I think the constraints are impacting us a little bit more. So I don't think ASPs or supply constraints really benefit. We did not benefit from higher ASPs nor were we constrained in terms of unit growth in the quarter. It's more a fourth quarter thing where demand signals remain relatively strong. And as you saw from our guide, while it's good year-on-year growth, it's relatively flat overall on Q3 to Q4. And PCs, low-end PCs and IoT will be impacted as we see the demand signals at this stage of the game.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg from KeyBanc Capital Markets, your question please.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask a little bit. I guess the demand is really good here in the back half of 2019. But with the trade war discussions, softening demand in China, some cycle risk indicators, are you seeing anything or talking to customers that would indicate that there would be any first half 2019 risk to demand?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: It's a great question. I think at the aggregate level, there is what I'd maybe characterize as some decent tailwinds as we exit the year and then go into 2019, but also some headwinds. The tailwinds, as you know, we've been talking about an expanded TAM where we play a bigger and bigger role in the increased needs for data. That larger TAM and the momentum we're building across all of our products is a pretty good tailwind as we look at just demand for data, whether it's with consumers or with businesses going into the new year. That's a tailwind. Secondly, Murthy mentioned a few of the products that we have coming down the pike in the fourth quarter and going into next year. And those products we believe will deliver more and more performance for our clients, which I'd characterize as a tailwind. And then third, in somewhat of a perverse way, as you know, when PC was 70% of the business and when enterprise was 50-plus percent of the Data Center business and those were declining, it was a headwind for the company's growth. But those more recently have been stable. So whether it's our expanded TAM, our new products, or the mix of our business, we have some tailwinds as we think about 2019. At the same time, to your point, there are some headwinds. And the headwinds first, this has been a fantastic year for us and I think for the industry, and that just makes comps a little bit tougher as we go into next year. Second, we have growing competition. Growing competition can be a headwind for us. And our expectations are we'll deal with that pretty effectively. And third, just global trade, in particular, as you know, China is a big market for us. We've got some important customers there, and it's an important part of our global supply chain. So as this most recent round of tariffs play out, and we're doing a lot of work with our customers to ensure that the global supply chain can be adjusted and adapted to deal with any tariffs that come down the way. But I think it's going to be a wait-and-see as we go into 2019. At this stage of the game, we don't see any impact on 2018's results. And in 2019, we have what I consider a world-class supply chain team that can manage and weather the dynamics of changes in movement of goods better than anybody else in the industry. So I think that would be a competitive advantage for us as we go into next year.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That is very helpful. Thank you so much.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri from UBS, your question please.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about DCG. You're not specifically guiding it next year, but it sounds like you're still pretty bullish. And there are a lot of investors I think worried about a hyperscale CapEx slowdown next year. So I guess is it that you're bullish on CapEx next year, or is it more a commentary on product cycle, maybe Xeon Scalable beginning to catalyze the server upgrade cycle? Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: I think firstly in terms of growth for next year in the aggregate, we haven't really provided any quantitative color, more qualitative color in terms of the dynamics that we see. That being said, our DCG growth this year is projected to be north of 20%, real strong through the first three quarters of the year. The fourth quarter we expect really solid demand. But it's on a much tougher comp because fourth quarter last year was a great quarter for the DCG business. As we go into next year, we've got – Murthy highlighted we've got a good product roadmap of expanded features for Cascade Lake as we exit this year, Cooper Lake middle of next year. And we have a much more diverse business now, with obviously cloud has been a big accelerant for us. I don't expect that it will grow at 50% forever. 50% was our cloud growth in the quarter. But at the same time, our comms and networking business growth has been accelerating quite a bit, and the stability we've seen in enterprise and government has really helped. So I think next year, we have a much more diverse business. We've got a good product lineup, and we'll provide a little more color as we get into January, but outstanding year this year for Data Center, both top line and bottom line.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you, Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank, your question please.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Bob, I wanted to ask on the gross margin side. First, thank you for the color you gave on 2019. But if I back it up a step, what's the headwinds in the fourth quarter sequentially? And then any big picture moving parts, 10-nanometer yields, mix, what have you, that gives you the confidence that you could still stay in the upper half of that 55% to 65% range for 2019?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, great question. First, a little color on Q3, and then a walk from Q3 to Q4 dynamics. As we highlighted in the materials, almost 66% gross margin in the quarter is as high as it's been for a very long time, and it was a function of a few things: one, continued volume leverage with full factories; two, ASPs both on the client side and on the data center side. And those were partially offset by platform costs going up and changing mix, growth of our modem and memory business. So those are the four dynamics that played out during the course of the quarter. I would say 66% was artificially high, and I'd say that for a couple reasons. One, we had, in the NSG business, we earned a government incentive that was from scaling our fabs outside the U.S. So that incentive was worth about $110 million, so a bit of a one-timer that we don't expect to repeat itself. Secondly, sell-through of product either, on the CPU side, we are working with our customers and shaping demand to where we had inventory. We had good sell-through for some inventory that was previously partially reserved. And then second on our modem growth, our explosive modem growth in the quarter, we PRQ'd that product in the third quarter, so we got the benefit of previously fully reserved inventory. So what all that means when you adjust for one-timers, the 66% is closer to 64% in terms of a normalized basis going into the fourth quarter. Our guide in the fourth quarter, to your question, is 62%. So there's really three dynamics that we see playing out in the fourth quarter. One, we expect ASPs to be better. And that's going to be a little bit of a function of the prioritization of Xeon and Core processors, which are higher ASP mix, so we expect that to benefit us. But at the same time, there's three other things as we go into fourth quarter that I'd characterize as really good things, but will have an impact on our gross margin. One is ramping 10-nanometer. We're making good progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving, and that's giving us the confidence to in effect turn on more equipment and incur the depreciation cost associated with that. So that will impact our Q3 to Q4 gross margins. And it's a function of the progress we're making on 10-nanometer. Second, memory continues to grow, good 21% growth in the third quarter. We expect it to continue to grow in the fourth quarter. And that has, our NAND business has been profitable during the course of the year but not at the gross margins of our logic business. And then third, we're experiencing explosive growth on modem with some really good share gains. And the modem product is also – the combination of memory and modem are accretive to our year-on-year earnings growth but dilutive to our gross margins. So that's the Q3 adjusted gross margin going into Q4 will likely cost us roughly a couple points. As we then step back and think about 2019, we see those same dynamics playing out, primarily 14-nanometer volume, so continued good yield, unit cost performance on 14-nanometer. We don't expect ASPs to be dramatically better in an increasingly competitive environment, but we don't expect them to be much worse. 10-nanometer costs will ramp, and we do expect to continue to grow memory and modem that will be accretive to earnings but a little dilutive to gross margin. So again, a fairly long-winded walk from what drove Q3. The goodness operationally of what will happen to Q4 gross margins has been our comfort that 2019 will be modest degradation. But when coupled with the leverage on our operating expense, our operating margins will be roughly flat in the 34% range.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for all the details.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Ross. And, operator, I think we've got time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, your question please.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Bob, just one more on 10-nanometer. You mentioned it's on track. Is there a way to quantify progress on 10-nanometer over the last three months? And if you were to go back to a similar time when you were getting ready to make the jump to 14-nanometer, are the 10-nanometer yields and costs behaving in a similar way? Just any color around progress would be helpful. Thank you.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: Hey, Vivek, let me take it. This is Murthy. First of all, as Bob said in his opening remarks, the progress we've made in the quarter is very much in line with our expectations. While we can't give any specific numbers, I do believe that the yields as we speak now are tracking roughly in line with what we experienced in 14-nanometer. So we're still very much reinforcing and reaffirming our previous guidance that we believe that we'll have 10-nanometer shipping by holiday of 2019. And if anything, I feel more confident about that at this call than I did on the call a quarter ago. So we're making good progress and I think we're making the quarter-on-quarter progress that's consistent with prior generations having reset the progress curve.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Instinet, your question please.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Thank you and congratulations on the solid results. Bob, you said that progress on 7-nanometer will also be a factor driving CapEx next year, and I was hoping you could maybe talk about that a little bit more. When you talk about progress, is that a statement about yields, meaning if 7-nanometer yields are improving you could potentially deploy more CapEx to ramp that process node a little earlier?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: We haven't really given a timeline for 7-nanometer, so to say it's ramping earlier would be a little bit of a stretch. But we've been investing in EUV for a while, and we've obviously been investing in 7-nanometer. And when we step back and think about CapEx for next year, again, it's a function of growth on 14-nanometer. It's a function of the rate in which we scale 10-nanometer, and it's a function of investments we make to begin to prove out 7-nanometer in a more meaningful way. So those are just the dynamics that we're looking at and thinking about as we get closer to giving you a more definitive guide for CapEx in 2019.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Okay, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right, thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp. Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp. Navin Shenoy - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Pierre C. Ferragu - New Street Research LLP (US) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by and Bob Swan, our Interim CEO and Chief Financial Officer, Murthy Renduchintala, Group President of the Technology, Systems Architecture and Client Group and Chief Engineering Officer, as well as Navin Shenoy, Executive Vice President and General manager of the Data Center Group. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from Bob, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. Our results for the quarter were outstanding, marking a record second quarter on our way to what we expect will be a record 2018. Last week we celebrated Intel's 50th year as a company, which is a big deal in an industry that never stops evolving. Even more remarkable is that after five decades in tech, Intel is poised to deliver its third year in a row of record financial performance. We set a course five years ago to transform the company. To do that, we made investments to enhance and extend our core microprocessor business along with a series of bold bets to compete and win in new markets. Our thesis was that Intel is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the world's insatiable need to process, store, and move data. The results have been dramatic. We are now competing for a $260 billion TAM, the largest in the company's history, and we have lots of room to grow. Just five years ago, roughly a third of our revenue was data-centric. Today, nearly half of our revenue is data-centric and growing at a double-digit rate. Data has never been more pervasive nor more valuable. In fact, 90% of the digital data ever created was generated in just the past two years. But of that data, only 1% has been analyzed, indicating massive untapped potential. I'd like to highlight a few indicators of Intel's accelerating transformation before going into our financial results. First, in our Data Center business, our focus on the cloud, network transformation, and AI and analytics produced outstanding results in a strong demand environment. Customer preference for our highest performance products continued, with Xeon Scalable at nearly 50% of our mix in the second quarter. Cloud revenue grew as service provider CapEx continued to accelerate to meet the explosive demand for digital services, artificial intelligence, and data analytics. Enterprise revenue was driven by a combination of macro strength and companies increasing deployment of hybrid cloud solutions and data-intensive workloads. In the comms service provider segment, we continued to gain share as customers choose to virtualize and transform their networks and prepare for the 5G transition using Intel architecture. Our Programmable Solutions Group also delivered strong results this quarter. PSG again set a record for design win volume, indicating customers' confidence in our roadmap and growing adoption of FPGAs for workload acceleration from the data center, through the network, and out to the edge. Earlier this month we announced the planned acquisition of eASIC, which will give us a competitive differentiator and another solution to meet customers' diverse time to market, performance, cost, and power needs. We combined Intel and Altera 2.5 years ago, and we expected a key value driver to be the increasing use of FPGAs in the data center. In Q2, PSG's data center business more than doubled for the second consecutive quarter. IoTG set an all-time revenue record, with particular strength in the retail and industrial sectors, as customers look to Intel not only for compute performance, but for solutions that drive business value. We also completed the sale of Wind River, as we continued to redeploy resources to higher growth and return areas. Building on its industry leadership in ADAS and driving the industry toward and autonomous future, Mobileye set another all-time revenue record. Customer momentum continued with several design wins, including a multimillion unit deal with ZF for a large global automaker. We also announced that Baidu has adopted Mobileye's EyeQ-based Surround Computer Vision kit as the preferred vision solution for commercial Apollo Pilot AD [Autonomous Driver] deployments. In both the open source and commercial Apollo programs, Baidu will also integrate Mobileye's Responsibility Sensitive Safety model, an open and transparent model that provides safety assurance for AD decision-making, an industry imperative. Our memory business also set an all-time revenue record. We are transforming the memory industry with a pair of differentiated platform connected capabilities, high-density floating-gate 3D NAND and high-performance persistent Optane technology. We recently announced that we are in production on the industry's first 4-bits per cell data center NAND PCIe SSDs. At the same time, industry support for Intel Optane DC-persistent memory continues to grow, with technology leaders, including CERN, Google, SAP, and Tencent already announcing plans for future use of the technology. Unlike traditional DRAM, Intel Optane DC-persistent memory will offer the unprecedented combination of high capacity, up to 3 terabytes per socket, along with affordability and persistence. Intel and Micron recently announced that we will develop future generations of 3D Xpoint technology independently to better align the technology to our individual business needs and strategies. We'll continue to jointly manufacture 3D Xpoint at the Intel Micron Flash Technologies fab in Lehi [Utah]. Intel intends to extend its leadership with Intel Optane products based on 3D Xpoint, which combined with our high-density 3D NAND technology, offer the best solution for today's computing and storage needs. And finally in client computing, our focus on innovation and differentiation in the commercial, enthusiast, and thin-and-light segments is producing results. Overall market conditions also continue to improve, and we now expect modest growth in the PC TAM this year for the first time since 2011. The commercial segment remains strong, as CIOs refreshing aging PC fleets are turning to Intel Core processors, with vPro as the gold standard for performance and manageability. At the same time, consumer interest in gaming and our outright performance leadership are driving strength in the enthusiast segment, producing another outstanding quarter in gaming. These trends reflect the market's demand for our highest performance products, resulting in strong overall product mix in CCG. We also began shipping the 7560 modem, Intel's first CDMA and first multi-SIM-capable modem. Our industry-leading products continue to deliver outstanding results. We have a leadership 14-nanometer product lineup for 2019, and we continue to make progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving consistent with the timeline we shared in April, and we expect systems on shelves for the 2019 holiday season. In the second quarter, we announced a CEO change. The board is making good progress determining the best person to be the next CEO of this great company. While there is no timetable, the board is working with a sense of urgency, and the identification of candidates, both internal and external, is well underway. Personally and on behalf of Intel's 100,000-plus employees, I'd like to thank Brian [Krzanich] for his many contributions to the company over his 35-year career. The investments he made set us on a course for transformation. Even more importantly, he developed the right strategy and leadership team to carry that transformation forward while we conduct the CEO search. Our financial results in the second quarter show we're doing just that. Let's turn to the numbers. Revenue of $17 billion was up 15% year over year, marking a second record quarter. We saw strong performance across all of our businesses and record revenue in NSG, IoTG, and Mobileye. Our data-centric businesses were collectively up 26%. Excellent operating margin leverage and a lower tax rate resulted in EPS of $1.04, up 44% year on year, even as we continued to invest for growth. From a capital allocation perspective, year to date we have generated $6.3 billion of free cash flow, returned $8.6 billion to shareholders, including $2.8 billion in dividends and $5.8 billion in buybacks, repurchasing 117 million shares. As a result of the continued strength we are seeing in the business, we are raising our full-year revenue guide by $2 billion to $69.5 billion. We are also raising our EPS guide by $0.30 versus April to $4.15 and the free cash flow guide by $0.5 billion to $15 billion. Our leadership products are winning in an expanded TAM, and our data-centric businesses are now almost 50% of our total revenue. Our data-centric businesses had strong quarters, with each business individually growing at a double-digit rate. Our PC-centric business was up 6% on strength in the commercial and enthusiast segments. Q2 was another quarter of significant EPS growth, up 44% year on year, and our operating margin expanded $1.4 billion and 5 points year on year. Our EPS improvement was driven by growing demand for high-performance products in the Data Center and Client businesses, leading to higher volumes and ASPs, strong growth in our adjacent businesses, a lower tax rate, and lower share count as a result of buybacks. In January we pulled in our 30% spending goal to 2018, a full two years ahead of schedule. We are on track to meet that target, and our operating efficiency continues to improve. We remain extremely diligent in managing spending while prioritizing investments in areas that will accelerate revenue growth, product leadership, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving. This focused approach is producing results. Total Q2 spending came in at $5.1 billion, 30% of revenue. Total spending as a percentage of revenue is down 4.6 points year over year in the quarter, while we continued to increase investment in our key priorities. Versus the second quarter of last year, we delivered $2.2 billion more revenue with no incremental spending. Let's talk now about our Q2 performance by segment. The Data Center Group delivered another great double-digit growth quarter, with revenue of $5.5 billion, up 27% year over year, and operating income of $2.7 billion, up 65%. Q2 operating margin was 49%, and we continued to see strong growth in both the cloud and comms service providers segments, which now make up two-thirds of DCG revenue. Platform unit volume was up 14% and ASPs were up 11%. Non-CPU adjacencies grew 30% over last year, yet another indicator that we are growing share in a larger data-centric TAM. We saw continued broad-based demand strength this quarter, with customer preference for leadership products like Xeon Scalable driving strong mix. The cloud business, our largest Data Center segment, grew 41% year over year, as hyperscale CapEx expands to handle the explosive need to transmit, store, and analyze data. Our comms service providers segment grew 30% year over year, as customers continue to choose Intel architecture to transform their networks. And our enterprise segment was up 10% year over year against a strong IT spending environment and prioritized investment in hybrid cloud implementations. Our other data-centric businesses, IoTG, NSG, and PSG, also achieved double-digit growth in Q2 and together were up 22% year on year. Our Internet of Things business achieved record volume and record revenue of $880 million, up 22% year over year, driven by strength in retail and industrial, as I mentioned earlier. Operating profit was $243 million, up 75% year over year, on higher revenue and flat spending. We expect the Wind River divestiture, which closed in the second quarter, will have a negative impact to IoT revenue of approximately $150 million in the second half of 2018. Mobileye also had another strong double-digit growth in the quarter, up 37% over last year on increasing ADAS adoption. Our memory business delivered more than $1 billion in revenue for the second quarter in a row, up 23% year over year. Optane gained momentum during the quarter, mostly on client strength, shipping over 1 million client Optane memory modules. We expect the memory segment to have full-year profitability in 2018, as we scale revenue and transition a higher percentage of our output to cost-effective 64-layer 3D NAND. PSG's revenue came in at $517 million, up 18% in Q2, primarily from strength in the data center business. PSG's data center segment was up 140% over last year. In the advanced products category, our 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer, and 14-nanometer solutions grew 70%. Operating profit was $101 million, up 4% year over year. Finally, the Client Computing Group continued to execute on all fronts with another outstanding quarter, generating $8.7 billion of revenue, up 6%. Operating margin percent was flat year over year, as the customer preference for high-performance products drove a strong mix and higher ASPs, offset by 10-nanometer ramp cost. DCG continues to be an extremely important source of IP, scale, and cash flow for our company. We are executing to our capital allocation priorities of investing organically, expanding acquisitively, and returning capital to our shareholders. Year to date, we generated $13.7 billion in cash from operations. We invested $7.4 billion in capital expenditures and delivered $6.3 billion in free cash flow, up 61% over the first half of last year. We returned well over 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. Buybacks totaled $5.8 billion, and dividends totaled $2.8 billion. In addition, settlements of our convertible debt reduced fully diluted shares by 12 million. Shifting gears to our full-year outlook, our strategy is working, our products are winning, and our investments in data center growth are paying off. We are now forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $69.5 billion, up $2 billion versus our expectations in April. This represents a $4.5 billion increase versus the expectations we set in January. Product innovation, a strong global economy, and U.S. tax reform are spurring CIO investment in IT infrastructure, leading to higher data center demand and a stronger PC TAM. We are seeing demand signals in supply feasibility to deliver on our revised expectations. Our biggest challenge in the second half will be meeting additional demand, and we are working intently with our customers and our factories to be prepared so we are not constraining our customers' growth. Data Center growth is now expected to be approximately 20%, up from our April guidance of high teens. We now expect operating margin of approximately 32%, an increase of 1 point from April. We remain on track to our 30% spending goal, a full two years ahead of our original target. Gross margin is expected to be up slightly versus our April guidance on broad-based business strength. And we expect a full-year tax rate of roughly 12.5%, down slightly from our prior estimates. Overall, we expect stronger top line growth, improved operating margins, and stronger demand will boost EPS to $4.15, up $0.30 from our estimate in April. In response to the stronger demand, we are raising gross CapEx $0.5 billion to $15 billion, or $13 billion net of memory prepayments. And we are now expecting free cash flow of $15 billion, up $0.5 billion from April. And we expect free cash flow per share as a percentage of EPS to improve by more than 10 points over last year. We remain intensely focused on closing the gap between free cash flow and EPS and expect to make more progress next year. For Q3, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $18.1 billion, up 12% year over year. We expect operating margin of approximately 34%, flat versus last year, which reflects about a 1 point decrease in gross margin and a roughly 1 point decline in spending. We also expect EPS at $1.15, up 31% excluding equity adjustments, from stronger top line growth, spending reductions, and a lower tax rate. Again, last week we celebrated our 50th anniversary and reflected on the impact Intel and our ecosystem partners have had on the world. It has been nothing short of extraordinary. At the same time, we are even more excited about the role Intel will play in technology's future. We're laser-focused on Intel's opportunity, which is larger than it has ever been. Intel's inventiveness, architectural innovation, manufacturing expertise, and intense drive have allowed the company to create and capitalize on opportunity over the long haul. From the early days of DRAM to the era of the first microprocessors, from one architectural battle to the next, and from the PC to the Internet to the cloud, Intel has grown and thrived. I'm very excited about what lies ahead for the company. With that, let me turn it over to Mark and we'll get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right. Thank you, Bob. Moving on to the Q&A, in order to accommodate broader participation on the call, we would request that each participant limit themselves to just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI, your question please. C.J., you might have your phone on mute. We're still not hearing you, C.J.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Maybe we should move to the next question.
Operator: Move on, okay. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, your question please.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Bob, on 10-nanometer progress, any color on what these are doing? And systems you mentioned on shelf for second half 2019, I assume that's mostly PC Client. Any sense of when we can think of timing for your server products on 10-nanometer also?
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: Hi, this is Murthy. I'll take that one. We continue to make progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving consistent with the timelines we shared in April. And yes, you're quite right. The systems on shelves that we expect in holiday 2019 will be client systems, with data center products to follow shortly after.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: So good progress on 10-nanometer and what we think is a very good lineup on 14-nanometer product for next year on both client and server that we think will deliver best-in-class performance as we continue to ramp 10-nanometer.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research, your question please.
Pierre C. Ferragu - New Street Research LLP (US): Hi, thank you for taking my question, a quick follow-up on 10-nanometer. When I look at this timeline between now and the Christmas season next year, it's 18 months. It's a very long time to improve your yield. And I have two questions on this one. The first one is, could you give us some color on what are the most challenging aspects of the process that you need to address to improve use? What's the most challenging in the 10-nanometer process? And then my second question is how do you think about the impact of these delays on your competitiveness? Where do you think it's going to hurt you the most?
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: So let me take that. I think as we look at what we need to do in 10-nanometers, again, let me replay some of the data we shared on our April call. Recall that 10-nanometers strive for a very aggressive density improvement target beyond 14-nanometers, almost 2.7x scaling. And really, the challenges that we're facing on 10-nanometers is delivering on all the revolutionary modules that ultimately deliver on that program. And while there's risk and a degree of delay in our timeline on that, we're very pleased with the resiliency of our 14-nanometer roadmap, where in the last few years we've delivered in excess of 70% product performance improvement as we've moved through our 14-nanometer generation of products. So as we look at 2019 across both the client and data center space, we feel very good about the product competitiveness of our 14-nanometer program, and that to some degree is factoring into our timing on 10-nanometer and launching 10-nanometer at a point in time where we believe the yields are at a level that make it prime for volume production. So 14-nanometer I think through the rest of this year and through 2019 continues, we believe, to drive product leadership across all our portfolio in client and server.
Pierre C. Ferragu - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse, your question please.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Bob, thanks for letting me ask a question. Just relative to your data center expectations now for the full year, I'm just curious. What's been the biggest driver? You're decelerating to mid-teens in the back half of the year, which is still very impressive. And I guess as you talk about the question, and maybe Navin can chime in. Once again, enterprise is much better than expected. And the 10% growth I think is what you referenced year over year in the June quarter. To what extent is that going to be more sustainable as you look into the second half of the year and into 2019?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, John. I'll start and then have Navin chime in. Q2 data center growth was outstanding. We started when we talked to you back in April, we started the quarter out strong. The middle of the quarter was strong, and the end of the quarter was strong. So 27% top line growth for data center, we feel very good about it and see that momentum continuing into the second half of the year. As you know, Q4 last year was an outstanding year, so we have slightly tougher comps in the fourth quarter, but we're looking at real strong growth for the full year. And as I indicated earlier, the strength was across the board, cloud up over 40%, comms services up 30%. And specifically to your question, enterprise strength continues, not only volume, but the trajectory of Xeon Scalable and the adoption of Xeon Scalable has accelerated a little bit beyond what we expect to drive real good ASPs. So real good first half, strong outlook for the second half across the board, and then slightly tougher comps as we go into Q4.
Navin Shenoy - Intel Corp.: The only thing I'd add to that, John, is that the demand is broad-based across all the segments that Bob talked about. And it's also broad-based in terms of our product portfolio. Xeon Scalable we launched about a year ago. And it crossed over or getting close to crossing over at about 50% of our volume, so a lot of room still to go on Xeon Scalable as we look forward. And as I think about the product portfolio beyond Xeon Scalable, you might have seen this week at the Google Next show, Google talked about adopting the Optane Persistent Memory DIMM, so we have that product portfolio ahead of us in the second half. And then our next-generation Xeon will begin to ramp in the early part of 2019. So general macroeconomic all-segment growth, people applying information technology to handle their data problems combined with a very strong product portfolio as we look forward.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks, guys.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, John.
Navin Shenoy - Intel Corp.: Thanks, John
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research, your question please.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess one question. I wanted to ask about gross margins. Your full-year guide implies a very significant deceleration of gross margins in Q4, like 300 bps sequentially, down to about 59%. Can you talk about what's driving that sequential decline from Q3 to Q4? And do those drivers sustain into 2019? For example, is it 10-nanometer or mix or whatever? Can you give us some color on what's going on there please?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Stacy. First, I think the first half to second half dynamics, we're looking at an operating margin improvement by 1.5 to 2 points, so we see good solid op margin growth first half to second half. The dynamics are the gross margin we expect to come down a bit and be more than offset by good volume leverage on a relatively stable spending base. So that trend of modest gross margin erosion more than offset by spending leverage driving op income improvement is the trends that you've been seeing for the last six to eight quarters, and we expect that to continue into the second half of the year. When you look at – implied in our guide for Q4 in particular, a couple things going on. One, accelerating growth of modem as we go through the second half of the year, accelerating growth of NSG or memory as we go through the second half of the year. We haven't assumed the continued strong ASP performance that we've seen through the first half. We hope that turns to be conservative, but we'll see how that plays out. And then lastly, to your point and Murthy mentioned earlier, we're ramping up 10-nanometer to improve the yield. So that's going to weigh on gross margins for the fourth quarter as well. So all things involved, we feel good about op margin expansion. We're up 500 basis points in the quarter. We'll be up another couple points first half to second half. But the gross margin dynamics will weigh on us in the fourth quarter, and spending will more than offset it. As we go into 2019, I think the way we've been running the business for the last few years, we have dramatically expanded our TAM. And with that TAM, we see more and more opportunities to invest and grow, and that growth is driving improved earnings for the company. At the same time, some of that growth has lower gross margins. But that expanded TAM, the higher revenue growth on a very well controlled spending base is expanding our op income dollars and our earnings per share. So we feel pretty good about where we are as we exit 2018 and head into 2019 in terms of operating income for the business. Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank, your question please.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question, I wanted to go back to the DCG side of things. Obviously, the 27% year-over-year growth in 2Q is very impressive in both its magnitude and its breadth. But I get a ton and an increasing amount of questions about competition, whether it's direct competition on the x86 CPU side of things, or if it's more indirect competition for a greater TAM from accelerators and FPGAs and the GPU compute, those sorts of things. So, I don't know if it would be Murthy or Navin, but I'd love to hear how you guys are looking at competition, and if you've taken the 10-nanometer aspect of competition and 7-nanometer for those folks off the table. Talk about the design side, where you think you can take share or there might actually be some pressure, and in general, how Intel reacts 4to the optimism we're hearing from a number of your aspiring new entrants.
Navin Shenoy - Intel Corp.: Sure, I'll take that. It's Navin here. Look, we feel great about our competitive position. We came into 2018 expecting a competitive environment. And against that backdrop, you've seen the results we've delivered over the last two or three quarters. This was our third consecutive quarter above 20% growth. And really that reflects our investments that we've made over several years. We have a leadership roadmap, not just in CPUs but in, as you pointed out, a broad set of additional silicon, from ASICs to FPGA to silicon photonics to memory. And our approach really has been to over time increasingly stitch all of those assets together to deliver a better solution for our customers. And that really sets us apart from everyone that we're competing with, where one or another may have one of those solutions but very few have – in fact, none have that broad portfolio that we've been pursuing. So we are going to be aggressive and competing. We're going to have to go out and earn the business, just like we always have every day, every week, every month. And as I look at our roadmap now and as I look at our roadmap in the second half and as I look at our roadmap into 2019, I'm very confident that we continue to maintain that leadership on that broad portfolio of products. So we're set up for a great second half and another strong growth year as we head into 2019.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: The one thing I'd add, Ross, is on the accelerator side, particularly the FPGAs, 18% growth for FPGAs in the quarter, and as we mentioned earlier, real strong penetration in data center. So that growth has been fueled by 140% increase in PSG in the data center environment. So I think, Navin, if I could, had a choice to make when he took over in the Data Center business, and it was protect our large microprocessor share or dramatically expand the market and both protect our share as well as participate in a much bigger market, and that's how he and the team have been focused. And that's resulted in both protection of CPUs but expansion of share and a much broader TAM. So again, I'd just close with we feel great about what the team is doing in expanding the role we play in the data center and at the edge.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays, your question please.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask you about 7-nanometer. You mentioned 10-nanometer and timing there, and I don't expect you to put a date out there for 7-nanometer. So maybe you could talk about what you've learned on 10-nanometer, how you're applying it to 7-nanometer, and any indications of that development, how it's going.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: Sure. Blayne, so 7-nanometer is very much R&D in deep progress, and we're making good progress on that development. We're not giving a direct timeline right now. But we've also made some fairly judicious choices in defining 7-nanometer, learning from our 10-nanometer experiences. And we're focusing on an optimum balance point between density, power and performance, and schedule predictability. So I think what you'll see is a more balanced approach across those three vectors. So we're still going to drive density but balancing that with a continued focus on driving transistor performance at the same time, which is highly valued as ASP drivers both in our client and server businesses. And we're really also focusing on being much more precise in our ability to launch. So those are the key learnings that are coming out of 10-nanometer as we go into 7-nanometer. And as we monitor progress on 7-nanometer just as closely as we are on 10-nanometer, I feel those lessons are being well absorbed into our progress, and we're lining up to support our product plans as our roadmap dictates.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS, your question please.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I actually wanted to go back to the question about gross margins in Q4. And I wanted to see if you could segment out the pieces because it seems like the modem piece could maybe be a 200 basis point hit just by itself. So I wondered if you could maybe segment out some of the pieces between 10-nanometer, between the modem, and between ASP. Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: I presume by segment out, you mean quantify, and my answer will probably be unfulfilling if that's the case, but I think you hit on the three things. As we go into – as we enter the second half and the fourth quarter in particular, we see modem accelerating. We have a great product that's getting good traction in the modem space, so that product is accelerating, and that obviously has margins a little lower, NSG growth accelerating going into the fourth quarter, those margins are a little bit lower, 10-nanometer ramping, and that will weigh on gross margins. And lastly, just our outlook for ASPs, ASP has been a significant contributor to our high gross margin performance over the last couple quarters. Now we've assumed that it won't stay at those levels. So those are the four components of segmentation. And then I'd just go back to with this high growth, we're getting really good leverage and expect our operating margins to improve as we go to the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley, your question please.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. I was wondering. With DCG, you guys have had an 11% ASP increase, and I know there's a lot of noisiness to that. But it's about double what you've averaged over the last few years. Is that a Purley effect? And if so, do you anniversary that and have less of an ASP increase going forward? Just how should I think about the price increases you've seen on average?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Joe, the ASP strength that we've seen actually really most of this year is a reflection of what we see our customers doing across the board. All of them are buying our highest performance products. There's this insatiable appetite for performance on all the workloads that they're looking at. Certainly we did expect the transition to Purley to be accretive to us from an ASP point of view. But if I look at our broad portfolio of products, our ASPs look very good. And year on year our ASPs look good in the other parts of our products as well, Broadwell for example. So in general, we're just seeing an almost insatiable appetite for the best products, the highest performing products that we have, and I don't see that slowing down as I look forward.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO, your question please.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thank you. Bob, I just wanted to go back to the comments you were making as you were concluding your prepared remarks about demand challenges in the second half. Is that specific to client, servers? And where is that coming from? And then more importantly, does that open up another – or a window for a competitor to wedge in and take some share from you? Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: When we started the year, our outlook for the year was $65 billion in revenue. And six months through the year, given strong demand, across the board actually, both servers and PCs, real strong demand had us raise our outlook by $4.5 billion for the year. So we feel very good about the demand signals we see at the $69.5 billion level. We feel very good about having the supply in place for that fairly significant demand increase. And now as we go to the back half of the year, to the extent demand continues to increase, which I'd say it has almost month to month the first six months of the year, we need to work with our customers and our fabs to make sure that we continue to have the capacity to fill demand to the extent that it rises beyond the $69.5 billion level. So we're working closely with our customer base, both on the server and the PC side, and very closely with our internal teams to make sure we're not a constraint to the extent that demand in the second half of the year continues to go up like it has through the first six months of the year, and just to fill that demand along the way and not give others the opportunity to fill it for us.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup, your question please.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys, just a quick one on the DCG op margins. So data center rev was up sequentially, but the op margins were down. I think you talked about the 10-nanometer yield issues. Was that all that was going on there? And so essentially, are DCG operating margins capped at this 49% and change level? And when are these 10-nanometer headwinds going to go away and reverse and start to become tailwinds?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: So just to maybe repeat, 27% top line growth and 65% operating income growth with an 11 point improvement in operating margins year on year. So outstanding performance on product margin, as Navin indicated, particularly with strong ASP performance. Our margins have continued to improve, and I'd just say not at the expense of curtailing investments for our data center business. We see real good growth opportunities and we continue to invest, so really good expansion in margin performance while continuing to invest. In terms of 10-nanometer, that is more – again, with client being first on 10-nanometer, they are more feeling the effect of the 10-nanometer on their margins. That's relatively de minimis effect for the DCG business.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna, your question please.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, Murthy, you might have actually answered this with your "shortly after" comment. But given some competitive threats in server in particular, are you guys thinking that you might ramp 10-nanometer server more quickly than you traditionally would after PC?
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: In general, we're going to see a much shorter ramp period between our products going forward in client and server. So yes, I think it's a good observation that as we talk about client systems on shelf by the second half of 2018, you shouldn't expect too much of a delay before you see data center products coming out. So much closer proximity, albeit slightly delayed than we expected on 10-nanometer, and then you should see that pretty much improve to almost parity of launches as we get into later technologies. So the traditional model of server following rather lengthily after client is probably going to become more sequential going forward.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Very interesting, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, we have C.J. Muse from Evercore back in the queue. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Great, thanks for taking my questions. Sorry about the gaffe earlier. A question for you on your evolving manufacturing strategy. It sounds like as opposed to copying exactly, we're moving to a world where you would consider building both 14-nanometer and 10-nanometer in the same factory. So curious what the implications of such a move are to gross margins and capital intensity as we look ahead.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: I think obviously from node to node over the last several nodes, frankly, the capital intensity of the business with each node has increased over time. At the same time, the amount of reuse of equipment and tools from one node to the next is extremely high. So with the exception of particularly 10-nanometer going to 7-nanometer, litho changing quite a bit with EUV, with each node, even with more capital intensity, we have relatively high reuse and we can leverage the tools for longer and longer. So in terms of implications on gross margin, I'd just say it's a function of product leadership and maintaining that product leadership. And Navin talked about how customers are looking for high performance, and the ASPs associated with that high performance allows us to continue to generate extremely attractive gross margins despite increased capital intensity as you go to each node.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: That's very helpful, thank you.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: I just wanted to add to Bob's perspective. The way I look at our roadmap, what we're really focused on is delivering product leadership generation after generation, and that's the system level. And while processes are a very important part of that recipe, so are the other ingredients as well, such as product architecture, silicon design, and packaging. And to Bob's point, as we look towards our roadmap, gross margin maximization is going to come from delivering excellence that drives performance, and therefore we're taking a very balanced view in all the ingredients that go into that. So you should expect in our roadmap going forward a much longer overlap between generations of technology as we try and make sure that, along with process, we add the other ingredients of technology leadership that will become more and more apparent.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: C.J., thank you. And, operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Stifel, your question please.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Just looking at gross margin for the longer term, you named the four components. And as we look beyond fourth quarter, does modem gross margins improve, and is 10-nanometer less of a drag in the future? And can you frame it how long that would be?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes, first we've been – our gross margin performance has been very strong, in the upper end of our long-term gross margin target, so we feel pretty good about where gross margins sit today. In terms of modem in particular, yes, we do expect to improve gross margins for our modem business, both with our 7560 product that will begin to ship in the second half. But also as we migrate to a 5G world, we expect margins in the modem business to continue to improve. So yes, we expect modem profitability to improve. We don't see it at the 60-plus percent gross margin level, but we do expect it to be a contributor to earnings performance as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird, your question please.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, good afternoon. So looking at the fact that you're ramping for the first time a very high-volume on non-x86 architecture, what are the longer-term implications of something that you haven't discussed much more recently, which is the custom foundry business for the medium term?
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala - Intel Corp.: Again, while we haven't talked about it that much, the custom foundry aspects of our business still remain very strategically important to us. We believe that as we continue to explore growth and partnership opportunities in our data-centric businesses, the ability to develop custom silicon products together with our customers is going to become increasingly important. So as we see our customer relationships going forward, you'll probably see a lot more co-developed products using Intel process technology in order for their delivery and their interworking with the product portfolio that Navin talked about. So custom products through a custom foundry relationship remain a strategically important part of our customer engagement portfolio.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Operator, please go head and wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp. Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. And as a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO earnings presentation and earnings release, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. Coming off a record 2017, 2018 is off to an exceptionally strong start. Q1 was Intel's best first quarter ever and significantly exceeded the expectations we set in January. Our Client Computing Group continued to execute well, producing growth within a declining PC market. And our transformation to a data-centric company accelerated, with our data-centric businesses, including McAfee, up 25% over the first quarter of last year. The strength of Intel's business underscores my confidence in our strategy. What we're seeing is an unrelenting demand for compute performance, driven by the continuing growth of data and the need to process, analyze, store, and share that data. That dynamic benefits our traditional CPU business, and it reinforces the big bets we've made in memory, modems, FPGAs, and autonomous vehicles. We're competing to win in our largest collection of addressable markets ever. And importantly, we're not just competing in these markets. We're leading and shaping them, as our first quarter results demonstrate. Data Center Group revenue was up 24% year over year. We saw broad-based demand strength across all DCG segments in Q1. And customer preference for high-performance products, including Xeon Scalable, drove a richer ASP mix. The cloud segment grew 45%. And in the comm service provider segment, we continued to take share and grew revenue 33%, as customers chose IA-based solutions to virtualize and transform their networks as the industry prepares for the 5G transition. Intel's presence at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang was a powerful showcase of our 5G capability. Intel and KT deployed the world's largest 5G network to date, including more than 20 5G links, delivering 3,800 terabytes of network capacity. We've established leadership in 5G. And when commercial networks begin deploying around 2019, we'll be there with industry-leading products, from the core of the data center to the edge to mobile devices. And we also saw growth in our enterprise segments for the second consecutive quarter, as macro strength continued and customers prioritized hybrid and on-premises infrastructure investments. Data center customers are also looking to FPGAs for workload acceleration. The Programmable Solutions Group again set a record for design win volume, and those design wins are translating directly into revenue. PSG's business grew 17% in Q1 on data center and embedded strength along with last-time buys. PSG's data center segment was up 150% over last year. And the advanced products category, our 28, 20 and 14-nanometer solutions, grew more than 40%. Microsoft also recently announced that they're using Intel's FPGAs to power new Bing Intelligent Search features using real-time AI. PSG's momentum is evidence that our 2016 acquisition of Altera is delivering value for our customers and contributing directly to Intel's growth. Our IOTG [Internet of Things Group] business grew 17% on record unit volume, with continuing momentum in the retail and video segments, as compute increasingly moves to the edge. Consistent with our commitment to be disciplined with our resources, we made the decision to divest Wind River and sharpen the focus of IOTG on other growth opportunities that more closely align to our strategy. The memory business set a revenue record, growing 20% in the first quarter, crossing over the $1 billion mark in revenue. The last business that passed that mark was DCG, crossing over that mark over a decade ago. Both yields and output in our Dalian factory continue to ramp ahead of schedule. In fact, we believe the Dalian fab expansion is one of the fastest brownfield wafer starts projects in memory industry history. We also launched our first mainstream Optane SSDs for clients, known as the 800 Series, driving further industry adoption of this revolutionary technology. The NSG remains on track to be profitable for the full year. And we continued to demonstrate momentum in autonomous driving, and I'm happy to report that the Intel Mobileye autonomous vehicle test fleet has begun to operate in Israel and will expand to other geographies in the coming months. Our fleet fully implements the Responsible-Sensitive Safety system, or RSS, that we introduced last year. This unique system applies a formal common-sense safety seal to the vehicle's decision-making, resulting in the optimal combination of provable safety and human-like driving style. We believe that the winning path to autonomous driving will be a progression from ADAS capabilities to full autonomous driving. And we're seeing significant momentum in the marketplace, including a recent high-volume design win for EyeQ5 with a European premium vehicle manufacturer. And finally, the Client Computing Group extended its strong track record of execution in a challenging PC environment. Revenue was up 3% despite a declining PC TAM, on strength in the commercial and enthusiast segments, leading to a strong Core mix. The CCG launched its first-ever i9 processors for laptops in the first quarter, again demonstrating our outright product leadership. We continue to make progress on our 10-nanometer process. We are shipping in low volume and yields are improving, though the rate of improvement is slower than we anticipated. As a result, volume production is moving from the second half of 2018 into 2019. We understand the yield issues and have defined improvements for them, but they will take time to implement and qualify. We have leadership products on the roadmap that continue to take advantage of 14-nanometer, with Whiskey Lake for clients and Cascade Lake for the data center coming later this year. Moore's Law is central to our strategy and our product leadership. It continues to create significant value for Intel and our customers. While it's taking longer and costing more to deliver and yield advanced process technologies, we are able to optimize our process and products within the node to deliver meaningful performance improvements. For example, 14-nanometer process optimizations and architectural improvements have resulted in performance gains of more than 70% since the first 14-nanometer products were launched. We combine these advances in manufacturing technology and architecture to produce truly leadership products. And it's that product leadership that ultimately matters most to our customers and end users. Intel and the industry stepped up to a tough challenge as we responded to the security vulnerabilities known as Spectre and Meltdown. I'm pleased with our progress and proud of how Intel and industry partners addressed this issue collaboratively with transparency and with customer-first urgency. We're delivering against our security-first pledge and we've now rolled out micro code-based mitigations for all Intel products launched over the last nine years that require protection against Spectre and Meltdown. We'll also begin delivering both client and data center products with hardware-based mitigations later this year. With our data center transformation accelerating, we're raising our expectations for our full-year results, yet more evidence that our strategy is working. As Intel marks its 50th anniversary, we're well positioned to be the end-to-end platform provider for the new data world and a leader in artificial intelligence and the autonomous revolution. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Brian. Q1 was truly an outstanding start to 2018. Our transformation to a data-centric company continues to build momentum. Revenue was a first quarter record at $16.1 billion, up 13% year over year. Operating income was $4.8 billion, up 21% year over year, and EPS at $0.87 was up 32% year over year. From a capital allocation perspective, we generated $6.3 billion of cash flow from operations and returned $3.3 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. As a result of the strength we are seeing in the business, we are raising our full-year revenue guide by $2.5 billion to $67.5 billion. We're raising our EPS guide by $0.30 to $3.85, and we're raising our free cash flow guide by $1.5 billion to $14.5 billion. Our Q1 results demonstrated continued momentum in our transformation from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company. Intel's data-centric businesses were up 25% collectively, with each business individually growing double digits. Our data-centric businesses are now approaching 50% of our revenue, an all-time high. Our PC-centric business was up 3% on strength in notebook, desktop, and modem. DCG's strong cash flows fund Intel's investments in new data-centric growth. As a reminder, we adopted a new revenue recognition standard in Q1. The new standard drove $462 million in incremental Q1 revenue recognition. This predominantly affected CCG and NSG. By year end, we expect roughly half of this to net out. Moving to Q1 earnings, we generated significant EPS expansion in the quarter, up 32% year on year. Our non-GAAP EPS improvement was driven by strong top line growth, a 3-point improvement in operating margins, and an 11-point reduction in our effective tax rate. The 3-point improvement in operating margins were driven by a 4-point reduction in spending, partially offset by a 1-point decline in gross margin. The 1-point decline in gross margin was driven by growth in our adjacencies, which have lower gross margins than our CPU products. From a spending standpoint, versus last year, we delivered $1.3 billion more revenue on $200 million less spending. As a second reminder, we adopted a new mark-to-market standard for our equity investments. In 2017, all realized gains and losses were recorded in our non-GAAP results. But in 2018, all mark-to-market adjustments flow through earnings. In an effort to eliminate volatility, we have excluded these adjustments from our non-GAAP results. Our Q1 GAAP EPS included approximately $0.13 for mark-to-market gains in our ICAP portfolio that were excluded from our non-GAAP results. We are also making excellent progress on our operating efficiencies. In January, we pulled in our 30% spending goal from 2020 to 2019, and we're off to a good start in 2018. Total spending was down 4% year over year in the quarter. R&D spending as a percentage of revenue was down approximately 2 points. And our SG&A costs were down over 2 points. Our intensity on spending is designed to accelerate top line growth, and it is paying off. Currently, as a result of strong top line growth, we now expect to meet our 30% spending target in 2018, two years ahead of our original expectations. Let me touch briefly on our Q1 performance by segment. The Data Center Group delivered a great quarter, much better than expected. DCG revenue of $5.2 billion was up 24% year over year, and operating income of $2.6 billion grew 75%. Q1 operating margin was 50%. Overall, unit volume was up 16% and ASPs were up 7%. We saw broad-based demand strength in Q1, with customer preference for high-performance products driving richer ASPs. Cloud and comm service provider segments were greater than 60% of the data center business. And this was the first quarter our cloud business has surpassed $2 billion in revenue, which made it our largest segment in the first quarter. Additionally, we redefined our expanded TAM for DCG to markets beyond the CPU, like silicon photonics, fabric, network ASICs, and 3D XPoint memory. These adjacent businesses are gaining traction and grew 16% year over year. DCG performance in all segments was better than our January forecast, and we expect that strength to continue to aid DCG momentum through the second quarter. Our additional data-centric businesses, IOTG, NSG, and PSG, are becoming a larger component of our overall business, growing 18% year over year in the quarter. Our Internet of Things business achieved revenue of $840 million, growing 17% year over year, driven by strength in video and continued momentum in retail. Operating profit was $227 million, up 116% year over year, on higher revenue and lower spending, as we shifted our ADAS investments to Mobileye. As you heard from Brian, the Mobileye business is going strong. Q1 revenue was $151 million. And while it's early in the journey, we are on track to our deal thesis. Our memory business broke $1 billion in quarterly revenue for the first time, up 20% year over year, with strong demand for data center SSD solutions. We reduced our operating losses by $48 million, with strong gigabyte demand and unit cost reductions more than offsetting ASP reductions. The transition to 64L 3D NAND is improving our cost while we invest in and expand our Dalian factory. We expect the second half of 2018 to be balanced between supply and demand, and we continue to expect this segment to be profitable for the full year of 2018. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $498 million, with 17% growth, driven by strength in data center and the embedded segments. Operating profit was $97 million, up 5% year over year. The PSG team continues to perform and execute well. Our advanced FPGA products, those at 28, 20, and 14-nanometer, grew over 40% in the quarter. In fact, PSG won more customer designs in Q1 than in any prior quarter. Finally, the Client Computing Group had another strong quarter. Revenues of $8.2 billion were up 3%, and operating margins were down 4 points due to 10-nanometer transition costs and growth in our modem business. Our PC-centric business continues to perform well in a challenging but improving market and serves as a significant source of cash flow for the company. We saw strength in the commercial and gaming businesses, and we believe the worldwide PC supply chain is operating at healthy levels. We've laid out our capital allocation priorities: invest organically; expand acquisitively; and return capital to our shareholders and do it wisely. We continued to execute to these priorities. We generated $6.3 billion in cash from operations. This included $1.7 billion in cash received from NAND customer supply agreements. We invested $2.9 billion in CapEx and delivered $3.4 billion in free cash flow, up 73% year over year. We returned almost 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of $1.9 billion in buybacks and $1.4 billion in dividends, a 10% increase per share over last year. Now moving to our full-year outlook, our strategy is working and our investments are paying off. We are now forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $67.5 billion, up $2.5 billion versus our expectations in January. We expect operating margin of approximately 31%, up 1 point from January, as spending as a percent of revenue drops to approximately 30%. Versus prior estimates, gross margin will be approximately flat, as broad-based strength in our business is offset by the higher costs associated with the 10-nanometer volume production shift to 2019. We now expect a full-year tax rate of 13%, 1 point down versus our prior estimates. Overall, stronger top line growth, improved operating margins, and a lower tax rate will boost EPS to $3.85, up $0.30 versus prior estimates. From a cash flow perspective, we are increasing our free cash flow to $14.5 billion, up $1.5 billion from January. We now expect net capital deployed of approximately $12.5 billion, up $500 million versus the expectations we set in January. This reflects gross CapEx of approximately $14.5 billion, offset by approximately $2 billion of customer prepayments for memory supply agreements. In Q2, we expect strong growth to continue. We are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $16.3 billion, up 10% year over year. We expect operating margin of approximately 30%, up 1 point versus last year, which reflects approximately 1.5-point decrease in gross margin and a 2.5 to 3-point decline in spending. We expect EPS of $0.85, up 31%, excluding equity adjustments, from strong top line growth, spending reductions, and a lower tax rate. To sum it up, we believe 2018 will be another record year for Intel. We've met and exceeded our financial commitments, and we feel great about where we are relative to our 3-year plan. Our PC-centric team keeps winning in a challenging market and our data-centric businesses are growing fast, fueling Intel's transformation to a company that powers the cloud and smart connected devices. With that, let me turn it over to Mark, and we'll get to your questions.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right. Thank you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. And the first question will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on the strong results. Brian, one for you about the sustainability of this demand, specifically on the data center side. I think people are pretty aware that the macroeconomic drivers are all going the right way, and that's helping the enterprise side of things. But the acceleration of the cloud on the comm side for the last two quarters is beating your own expectations for growth rates and have been quite strong. How much of that do you believe is Intel-specific, and if you can go into the reasons why, or is the macro side really the bigger driver on those two vectors as well?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, Ross. That's a good question. Let me try to answer it. So the first thing I'd tell you is that there is a bit here that the transition to cloud continues to occur. It's occurring at a bit even faster rate, so that you do see that trend going on. Remember, we've always talked about that over the long haul you have to look at these a bit. It can sometimes be lumpy. So our forecast for the long term is still in that high teens, low 20s range for that kind of growth. We thought that enterprise is clearly up. We think that, as you said, a lot of that is reinvigoration of investments by companies in onsite data. Our view of the long term there, as I look out over the long term again, it's still that should be in a declining mode versus moving those workloads long term over to the cloud. So, if I take a look at this, as Bob said in his prepared remarks, if I look at our data-centric businesses in general, so even just beyond the data center, we see these growing in that mid to high teens range. And that's how we view this, and we do believe that is sustainable. And it will move from cloud to enterprise. And sometimes you'll see IoT pick up a bit and offset something, but that's why we grouped those into that data-centric, but they're all really tied together. It's data coming from the edge, moving through the network into the data center, and really being based in the cloud and analytics being applied to it, and people using that data then to make decisions or drive businesses. So we think it's sustainable in the data-centric numbers that you saw, but it will float between those various segments.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing, Ross, that I would add is in terms of our outlook in the more near term, our outlook for the year is continued strength into the second quarter, similar to the first quarter. But beyond that, it's probably a little cloudier. I think we are benefiting from global macroeconomic environments. I think the higher earnings and the ability to deduct IT-related expenditures I think has given CIOs a little more money to spend. And we see ourselves benefiting from that through the first half of the year. Second half is going to be a little bit of a wait-and-see as to whether the short-term dynamics continue into the second half. But if you go back to Brian's comments, I think what we do know is this increased demand for compute data, analytics, storage, rapid retrieval is what's really driving the demand for high-performance compute. And not only do we see the unit volume strength, but also the ASP strength, which we think is a function of Intel-related products.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's very helpful. For my follow-up question, for either of you, frankly, on the 10-nanometer pushout, do you believe that the competitive lead you have versus your competition is shrinking, or is this a challenge everybody is going to have? And then the gross margin side of that equation, Bob, you said it was going to be a headwind into the full-year guide. Any sort of linearity about when that starts to move from being a headwind to a tailwind would be great. Thanks.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, Ross. So let me start with we absolutely have product and process leadership. We're shipping 10-nanometer products today. So I did want to make sure that that was very clear to you, and those are the densest, highest performing products out there. We're slowing the ramp down as we go and fix these yields, and we're able to do that. A), we understand the yield issues. They're really tied to this being the last technology tied to not having EUV and the amount of multi-patterning and the effects of that on defects. But also, the real strength of 14-nanometer, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we've done 70% improvements in the performance of that technology over its current lifetime. And we believe it continues to have legs, that we can continue to make improvements, both within that process technology and architecturally. That's really giving us the breathing room to go and make these yield improvements. So it's really balancing between delivering the world's best products. So we believe our roadmap for 2018 is as strong or stronger than it's ever been. And we have the ability to carry that into 2019, allowing us to get the yields where we want them to be. So the cost and the spending are really in line with what you as a shareholder expect from us. We believe that if you take a look at others during this timeframe, if you looked at anybody else and said 70% improvement on a technology node, they may rename those nodes as we go through this. And we have always chosen to be really transparent and clean and just say it's improvements on the existing technology rather than renaming. So we believe we have that. Now as we look out in time, we do see the density. If you just take that component, the density gap is narrowing a bit, but that's out in time. But again, performance is really a function of multiple parts of the process around power and performance and in architecture. And that's why we think our products continue to lead and be the world's standard.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: And on the gross margin question, the strong both volume and ASP performance in the first quarter contributed to gross margins being 2 points ahead of our expectations at the beginning of the year, so we saw that real good performance on the top line flowing through in the first quarter. What we indicated for the full year, though, there's no change in our full-year gross margin. That essentially is a function of continued volume and ASP strength, but partially offset by yields that are improving but not quite at the rate that we had anticipated on 10-nanometer. And secondly, our costs associated with – we expected at the end of the year that we'll have pre-PRQ reserves that will be a little bit higher as we shift into 2019. So strong first quarter, strong for the full year, but those 10-nanometer costs will be a little bit of a drag. When we step back, we still look at gross margins for the full year that are at the high end of our historical range, in the 60% to 65% range, which is good. And for us, that's despite the fact that we're getting really solid growth from our lower-margin but earnings-accretive businesses like modem and memory. Thanks, Ross.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow up on that 10-nanometer point. So as the volume production pushes out into 2019, given you understand the yield issue supposedly, is this a first half pushout, or does it push out into the second half? And when it actually does ramp, do you think it actually will be the current 10-nanometer process that's shipping, or will that be slipping out to 10-nanometer plus potentially?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So I'm just going to correct you. You said that supposedly we have the solutions. We do understand these, and so we do have confidence that we can go and work these issues, Stacy. Right now, like I said, we are shipping. We're going to start that ramp as soon as we think the yields are in line. So I said 2019. We didn't say first or second half, but we'll do it as quickly as we can based on the yield. The last part of your question about whether will it be a 10 or 10-plus-plus or 10-plus I think was your question, the yield improvements that we're making are just that, more focused on yield. So think of them as improvements to the various edge stuff, the lithography stuff, thin cleans (33:54) and things like that in order to really drive the multi-patterning and, in some cases, multi-multi-patterning, where you have four, five, six layers of patterning to produce a feature. It's really about that. They aren't necessarily around performance. We do have plans on 10-nanometer already, similar to 14-nanometer, for 10-plus and 10-plus-plus. And so we think all of these technologies now have multiple years of performance improvements built into them as they come off the floor.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. For my follow-up, I wanted to ask about gross margin drivers and free cash flow drivers into 2019. We have CapEx pretty significantly outpacing depreciation at the moment. You'll have that 10-nanometer ramp starting. Memory and modems are probably going to be growing. And then on the free cash flow side, we've got the reversal potentially of the NAND prepayment eventually as you start shipping the NAND that you've been paid for. How do we think about the drivers, gross margin puts and takes around those elements and maybe others as we go through – get into 2019?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: First, I'll probably not dwell a whole lot on 2019 as we focus on trying to execute what we believe will be an outstanding 2018. But I think there are a few dynamics that we've been wrestling with. As you know, over the last couple years, we've seen a gap between earnings and cash flow, and it's really been driven by a couple things. One, success, and by that, I mean accelerating rates of growth and the additional capital that goes along with that growth, both CapEx and inventory levels. So those have been one of the drivers. Secondly, we've brought on 10-nanometer equipment but haven't necessarily put it to use yet, so that's a cash driver without an impact on earnings. And third, memory is in the investment phase. So those three things have really been what's driving the gap. And we've done a few things in light of that that you're aware of. One, memory, we engaged in the strategic supply agreements that you mentioned, which really for us is a sign that our customers are excited and committed to the technologies that we're building such that we can help – we can use their money to help fund the scaling of the business. And we think that's a good positive short, medium, and long-term move. And the other thing, just if you think about, Stacy, how we guided this year, you have earnings. If you don't give us credit for the ICAP gains last year and strip that out, you see earnings growth. That's roughly 25% – 26%. And you see free cash flow growth that's in the mid-30s. So you'll start to see that gap narrowing as we go through the course of this year. And then the other thing is we're going to make a fairly significant cash tax payment in 2018 as a result of the ICAP gains from last year, and that's roughly $1.2 billion that's going to weigh on our cash flows this year. If you strip that out for a second, what you see during the course of 2018 is roughly 25% earnings growth and roughly 50% free cash flow growth. And that gap begins to narrow while we're accelerating the growth rate of the business. So those are the dynamics in terms of how we're deploying capital for accelerating top line growth and the improvements on free cash flow relative to earnings per share this year. As we get through the course of 2018, we'll start to shed a little more light on what that means for 2019 later in the year.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks for the question, Stacy.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. I guess another question on the manufacturing. Can you just talk about why the ramp in 10-nanometer or why the yields have been a little bit slower than expected? Have there been any changes in manufacturing? And then also, should we expect this to extend to future generations as well; i.e., a little bit slower than it had been in the past?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, so the issues around 10-nanometer, I'm trying to lay that flat out without getting too deep into the technology. But this is the last technology that doesn't incorporate EUV. And what you also need to understand is that we took very aggressive goals at 10 nanometers. So if you talk about the scaling factor or think about it as the multiple at which you shrink a feature, we took a target of 2.7. So you took any feature and run over 2.7 is the dimensional shrink that you did to this device. For example, on 14-nanometer, we took a target of 2.4, so you're almost 10% more aggressive on 10 nanometers. And if you look at what is the industry standard, what the foundries and other players are typically doing, they're typically in that 1.5 to 2.0 range. So there, we're maybe 20% more aggressive. So it's very aggressive goals to hit our cost targets and where we want the technology to be. And that combined with the end of life of the immersion scanner before we hit EUV has just created something that's a little bit more difficult. So that's why I have the confidence that this is not something we're shipping. The transistors work. We know the performance is in line. So it's really just about getting the defects and the costs in line to where we want. As far as what does that imply for future technologies, we made a lot of changes at 7 nanometers. 7-nanometer currently is the first technology forecasted to implement EUV, so that immediately makes the lithography system different. We're going back to a more standard, for us, compaction number of 2.4, so that makes it a little bit easier. We think we bit off a little too much in this case. And it may not seem like a lot, but 10% can make a lot of difference in this kind of a world. And thirdly, we are using some very unique packaging technologies and such that allow us. At 7 nanometers and beyond, we're really moving to a world where you're not going to look at any piece of silicon as being a single node. You're going to use what we're going to call heterogeneous techniques that allow us to use silicon for multiple nodes. So you may use cores from 7 nanometers and IP from 14 nanometers and even as far back as 22 nanometers for the parts that don't need the high performance. And we're able to put those together and make them perform and behave like a single piece of silicon in the package. So really 7 nanometers is quite a bit different, and so I think as a result, we don't expect to see these kinds of impacts on 7 nanometers.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. For my follow-up, I know in the presentation, you mentioned that adjacency ramps will be responsible for some of the gross margins being down in Q2. Does that have any impact on gross margin for the rest of the year, or are you assuming that data center growth is going to slow down in the second half of the year, and that's another reason why the gross margin hasn't moved up, or is it entirely the 10-nanometer issue?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: No, it's maybe all three. First, we do expect the adjacencies throughout the course of the year to continue to grow faster than the rest of the business, if you will, so that will have a compression effect throughout the course of the year. Secondly, yes, 10-nanometer will be a headwind. And third, for data center growth, while we're expecting strong growth through the first half of the year, the second half of the year implied in our guidance is a deceleration. If you put it in the context of the updated guide, we have data-centric growth going from mid-teens to higher teens. And you can attribute virtually all of that to DCG because obviously it's the biggest component. But we do expect there to be deceleration for DCG growth from first half to second half for sure. We hope we're wrong, but where we sit right now, we see the trends continuing into Q2. But we'll have tougher comps. We'll have tougher competition going into the second half. And we're going to wait to July to see how we see the trends we've experienced through the first four months of the year play out for the second half.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thanks guys.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, thanks for letting me ask a question. Just the first question is on CapEx that's been coming up a bit. If you could, talk a little bit about the incremental growth in CapEx, what that's associated with. And are there any CapEx effects associated with the changes in the ramp of 10-nanometer?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Just the CapEx that we took up, $0.5 billion is really a function of the incremental $2.5 billion of revenue. So, Chris, when we came into the year, we guided a larger CapEx of roughly $10.5 billion, and we had full-year revenue of $65 billion. So we've taken $65 billion up to $67.5 billion. That's going to require roughly $0.5 billion additional CapEx for the second half of the year and as we go into 2019. So it's the best I've ever felt about a CapEx increase. And it's a result of $2.5 billion more revenue. And net the CapEx increase, as we indicated, we'll generate an additional $1.5 billion of free cash flow as well.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right, great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, perhaps you can give a bit more color on the expectations on memory as you go through the year. I know you talked about that being profitable and I think consistent with what you guys said last quarter. Have there been any changes in your outlook for the year? And if you could, talk a little bit about what's framed your expectations as you look through the year for memory.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: First, no real changes. As Brian mentioned, it's our first $1 billion quarter in Q1. We feel good about the demand that we're seeing. Gigabyte demand is relatively strong. Our cost per gigabyte coming out of our Dalian fab continues to trend down. And at the same time, we see ASPs were down a bit. But as we go through the rest of the year, we see demand and supply to be relatively well balanced. We are ramping Mod A (00:46:47) in Dalian, so that is in the early stages of the ramp. That's costing a little bit. But continued gigabyte demand, continuing to scale the Dalian fab, and continuing to come down – the cost per gigabyte curve are all contributing to what we believe will be a continued growth and profitability for the business for the full year.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: And maybe the only thing I'd add to that is, Bob mentioned it in his remarks. Our 64-tier product we also believe gives us really a leading-edge product and also very good costs relative to the market. So as we ramp that technology in Dalian, at 64 tiers, we believe our costs are very competitive relative to the rest of the market.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on the strong results. Brian, I think within DCG, the cloud hyperscale dynamics are well understood by investors. 90 days ago, I think what surprised everybody, probably including yourselves, was just the strength of enterprise in the December quarter. And I think when you reported December, you were reluctant to call that a trend, and you wanted to get some more data points. I'm curious as to what the view of enterprise is now 90 days later. And specifically, a couple of your key software partners last year in Microsoft and VMware finally brought out their hybrid cloud software stack solution. And I'm wondering if that's actually been the driver of some of this pent-up demand in the enterprise. And how sustainable do you think it is?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yeah. It's a great question, John. What I would tell you is clearly, as we look out into Q2, we're expecting the same kind of positive trends on enterprise for the second quarter. I think as we look at the long term, though, that trend that says enterprise should decline in that low single digits and it drives and helps fuel the growth of cloud, and that's not all of the driver of the growth of cloud, those workloads are moving over to the cloud base continue. I think you're right. Products like Microsoft Azure and others where you can be a hybrid, Azure on-prem versus Azure in cloud, are great examples how – I think that low single digits is sustainable over the long haul, but I just don't see that trend. Again, I try and look at these businesses not over the quarter, or even within the quarter, or even one to two quarters, but really thinking about how am I going to invest over the next two to five years. I've got to look at that and say that trend is probably likely to continue. Now for us, we also need to understand that those other segments of data center, the cloud and networking and comm, as I look at the Data Center Group, are now well over 50% of the revenue of that segment. So we are less and less impacted, I'll say, by the enterprise. If you go back, when I started as CEO, enterprise was 60% – 70% of the business, and so we swung wildly by that. It's the other way around now, where the cloud and networking and storage are now that 60% to 70%, growing to the right, and enterprise is less and less. So the other thing you need to realize, John, is we're more driven by what that cloud is doing anyway.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And as my follow-up to Bob, just a multipart question on the guide for Q2 and the full year. First, was the ASC 606 impact embedded in the original March quarter guidance? Is that the only quarter where you'll have an ASC 606 impact? Second, is Wind River now out of the Q2 and full-year guide, or is that still in it? And how big is that business? And then third, when you look at Q2 specifically, it just looks like the operating income beat seems a lot larger than the EPS beat. Is there anything going on below the line other than the tax rates that you guided to that can explain that? Thank you.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes, great question. First on ASC 606 and what we expect for the full year, we had a strong benefit in the first quarter, and roughly half of that unwinds during the course of the year. So it contributed to growth in Q1. It will unwind itself throughout the course of the year. So full-year impact will be likely – at this stage of the game, we've got somewhere around $200 million to $250 million, but it unwinds through the next several quarters. I think your second question, John, was Wind River. Our assumptions are that we will complete the sale of that business at the end of the second quarter. So it's in our second quarter guide, but it's a component of the first half to second half deceleration. The third question, I think it relates to in the first quarter, we had good volume, operating margin flow-through to EPS. In the second quarter, the flow-through is not as rich. And the fundamental reason is we have some below-the-line charges associated with, A), the 2039 convertible securities that we have outstanding that have an exchange feature associated with them. And as people – as we hit a certain stock price, our holders can exercise that exchange feature. The implications are there is a non-cash charge associated with that, which goes through our interest and other line, that's negative. The good aspect of it is, all else equal, it reduces our outstanding – our diluted shares, and we avoid a coupon going forward. But that will have – as more people exercise that exchange feature, we'll see that non-cash charge below the line. So that's causing a little bit of a drag on the operating income growth flowing through to EPS in Q2.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, John. And, operator, I think we have time for two more questioners.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I actually had a two-part question on 10-nano. The issues seemed to be going on now for some time, and it's almost as if the design libraries or something are flawed. So I guess the first question is why not skip 10-nanometer and go directly to 7-nanometer? You guys have a lot of EUV experience and it's going to cut out a lot of the multi-pattern layers. So that's the first question. And number two, the real question is that if you did that, would that be a net drag to gross margin looking out because you never really monetized 10-nanometer? Thanks.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Okay, so let me try and answer your question. No, there's nothing wrong with the design libraries or anything like that. The proof of that is that we're shipping product. So if there were basic functionality issues like that, you wouldn't be able to produce and ship the product. Again, as I said, this is all around how many layers are on multi-patterning and the end of life of the immersion for the critical layers. The second part of your question was would it benefit to just skip to 7 nanometers, and would that have an effect on the capital or the gross margins? The simple answer is no. I don't think that's a good idea. The best answer is there's a lot of learning that will happen that we can carry forward into 7 nanometers just like we carried from 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer. The other thing is that we still hold – roughly 80% of our capital equipment is fungible to the next node or backwards to the prior node. And so that's why as we've shifted 10-nanometer and 14-nanometer, we were able to do that without shifting our capital expenditures greatly from – we're able to just move the capacity back and forth. The same thing is going to happen between 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer. So you'll have some percentage, and it's always based on demand and how fast things are ramping and all of that. But the equipment will be fungible for the most part between 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer as well. But no, the right thing to do is exactly what we're doing. This is a unique opportunity we have. There's a lot more performance than 14-nanometer. We can keep driving that. We'll fix the yield issues. If 10-nanometer can have a 10-nanometer, a 10-plus, a 10-plus-plus, you're going to see a lot of products and a lot of performance out of that technology.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Got it, Brian. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet. Your line is now open.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Thank you and congratulations. Brian, I wanted to ask you about China. Your filings indicate that mainland China was about 20-plus percent of revenue in 2017. And I have two questions. One, does that figure represent your exposure to the domestic vendors in China? And I guess just in light of the current environment between the U.S. and China, there are reports now of a potential ban beyond ZTE. How concerned are you as it relates to the impact to Intel?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: That number is much broader, so that would be, if you think about it, so everything from shipments into companies like ZTE or Huawei that are more domestically oriented, although Huawei ships around the world now. It goes to Lenovo and companies like that, Spreadtrum, all of those companies now. If you look at Chinese companies, very few are holding within just China. They're almost all shipping products and selling across the world. So the number is really representative of all of the companies that are building within China. Our view is that China is an important market, as you just described, 20-something-plus percent. It's one of our fastest growing segments as well. It's important to us, and we're counting on our leaders and the leaders of the world to go resolve these issues. We believe in fair trade. We believe that countries and companies need to be able to play in markets fairly and compete, and we're counting on this getting worked out. That's very important to us.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then, Bob, I'm sure you'll shed more light on longer-term spending targets. But as we build our models for 2019, do you think it's reasonable to assume that you can drive additional operating leverage beyond 2018?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: You're right. I will shed more light on that later. No, but I think look, the trends that you've seen over the last couple years is how we framed things back at our Analyst Day early last year, I guess. And that is that we're going to see an expanded TAM, and with that expanded TAM, accelerating growth in areas that have lower gross margins, and that we expect over time that there will be a modest degradation in gross margins as a result of growing earnings in different segments. But at the same time, we've said that that gross margin modest erosion we believe will be offset by continued – both continuing to invest in the critical priorities, but getting leverage on our existing spending base. So with that, I think you're going to have a natural offset. We're two years ahead of our targets to get to 30%. We're excited about the accelerating growth of the company. And we do believe that as we continue to accelerate growth and invest in key priorities that our leverage on spending continue to come down.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Great, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Romit, and thank you all for joining us. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Head of IR Brian Krzanich - CEO Bob Swan - CFO
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein C.J. Muse - Evercore Vivek Arya - Bank of America Blayne Curtis - Barclays
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation, which replaces the CFO commentary that we previously used. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our Investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available via the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. 2017 was a record year for Intel and fourth quarter results were outstanding. Well ahead of the forecast we outlined in October, based on the strength on both our PC-centric and data-centric businesses. I will review our results with you in just a moment, but before I do that I would like to share a few words about security. We've been around the clock with our customers and partners to address the security vulnerability know as Spectre and Meltdown. While we made progress, I'm acutely aware that we have more to do, we've committed to being transparent keeping our customers and owners appraised of our progress and through our actions, building trust. Security is a top priority for Intel, foundational to our products and it's critical to the success of our data-centric strategy. Our near term focus is on delivering high quality mitigations to protect our customers infrastructure from these exploits. We're working to incorporate silicon-based changed to future products that will directly address the Spectre and Meltdown threats in hardware. And those products will begin appearing later this year. However, these circumstances are highly dynamic and we updated our risk factors to reflect both the evolving nature of these specific threats and litigation as well as the security challenge more broadly. Security has always been a priority for us and these events reinforce our continuous mission to develop the world's most secured products. This will be an ongoing journey, but we're committed to the task and I'm confident we’re up to the challenge. To keep you informed, we've created a dedicated website and we're approaching this work with customer first urgency. I've assigned some of the very best minds at Intel to work through this and we're making progress. With that, let's turn to our 2017 and fourth quarter results. We just wrapped up the best year in Intel's history with the best quarter in Intel history. Revenue was up 4% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, 8% if you exclude McAfee, setting an all time record. Our data center, IoT and FPGA businesses each set revenue record. We meet or exceeded all of the financial commitments we made to you at the beginning of the year and our focus on efficiency and profitable growth produce significant leverage, driving non GAAP operating income up 21%. Our data-centric businesses deliver the technology foundations for the newer data economy, making the analysis, storage and transfer of data possible, giving our customers the ability to turn data into amazing experiences and actionable insights. They are central to our strategy. Data-centric revenue excluding McAfee was up an impressive 21% over the fourth quarter of last year, and I would like to share a few highlights with you starting with DCG. DCG's revenue was up 20% over the fourth quarter. The cloud segment was up 35%, comp service providers were up 16%, enterprise was up 11%, and our adjacency revenue was up 35%. We saw broad base demand strength with customer preference for high performance products driving richer ASP mix. Cloud segment results were driven by significant volume growth and continued customer preference for higher performance products. In the comm service provider segment, we continue to take share and grow revenue as customers chose IA-based solutions to virtualize and transform their network. Enterprise segment strength was driven mostly by ASP as customers transition to Xeon Scalable product in a seasonally strong fourth quarter, IT buy window. While we continue to see enterprise customers offload workloads to public clouds, we're also seeing those customers prioritize performance solutions for hybrid and on-premise build outs. Customers across all of our segments are accelerating deployment of the Xeon Scalable processors, which is ramping roughly in line with our historical Xeon transition. We continue to demonstrate leadership and progress in artificial intelligence with the data center, for the edge and from 100s of watts to megawatts. Our software optimization for the Caffe framework has improved already strong Xeon Scalable ResNet-50 influenced performance by two times, just since the launch in July. The first generation Nervana Neural Network Processor ran on neural network less than two weeks after we received silicon and we've shipped our first customer unit. At the edge, Google announced its AIY vision kit featuring our Movidius vision processing unit and Amazon announced the DeepLens, the world's first deep learning enabled video camera for developers, which uses an installed CPU, graphics and compute libraries for deep neural networks. We're also seeing design wins that combine technology from multiple data-centric business units, reinforcing the idea that we've developed a unique and differentiated collection of capabilities that can address customer challenges together more effectively than anyone business could alone. A great example is Darvas' recent announcement of their deep sense product line, which combines core CPU, Intel FPGA-based network video recorders along with Movidius VPU-based cameras, enable people and automobile detection in smart city applications using artificial intelligence. In the Programmable Solutions Group, we saw strong double-digit growth in the data center, auto, embedded, and advanced product categories, as well as last time buys of legacy products. That strength was partially offset by softness in the comm's infrastructure. In Q4, we launched the Intel FPGA SDK for OpenCL to dramatically increase productivity for our customers. We also delivered first-to-market leadership innovations in this Stratix 10 product line, including the first SoC FPGA with an armed processor at more than 1 million logic elements and the industry's first FPGA with integrated HBM2 memory. Our Internet of Things grew 21%, with continuing momentum in retail, video and in-vehicle infotainment vertical. Wind River saw strong multiyear contractor growth and delivered its most profitable quarter ever for Intel. Memory business grew 9% and achieved profitability in Q4, a strong client volume was partially offset by a one quarter qualification delay of a data center SSD volume. Last quarter, I shared with you that our leadership technology is resulting in strong customer interest in long-term supply arrangement. That interest has continued to grow. We have since signed additional agreement and now expect prepayments totaling roughly $2 billion over the course of 2018. Mobileye had another strong quarter and business momentum is growing. Our steady design winds over the course of 2017 and 15 new program launches in 2018 are both increases a 2.5 times over the prior period. We now have level two plus and level three design wins with 11 automakers to collectively represent more than 50% of global vehicle production. These advance program launch over the next two year and they represent a major lead in functionality versus current semi-autonomous distance, and our significant step towards saleable level four and level five fully autonomous distance. We reached an important milestone in the fourth quarter, the announcement of our level through five autonomous driving platform based on EyeQ5 and Atom, which will sample over the next few months. We believe this will be the most advanced, scalable and efficient platform of its kind. EyeQ5 will deliver 23 tera ops of deep learning performance and a 10 watt power envelops or about 2.5 times, the efficiency of the competition. Just a couple of weeks ago at CES, we announced that by in 2018, we expect 2 million EyeQ-equipped cars will be collecting crowd-sourced data for the REM, our road experience management mapping solution. The resulting map will first be utilized in level three getting in 2019. The ability to crowd-sourced data to build and rapidly update the procession match required for higher levels of automation is a major differentiator in our plan to build out the safest and most affordable autonomous vehicle system. It's also a great example of our data-centric strategy at work. And finally, I would like to touch on our PC-centric businesses, the client computing group. Over the course of the year, the PC market improved our 14-nanometer manufacturing cost came down and the competitive environment intensified. Against our backdrop, DCG is focused on innovation and performance especially in growth segment by gaming two in one thin and notebook and enterprise, led to record core mix and record i7 volume in the fourth quarter. We also shift our first low volume 10-nanometers skew and our modem business grew 26% over the fourth quarter of last year. Intel is undergoing one of the most significant transformation incorporate history. While the PC-centric company to a data-centric company. We've made thoughtful disciplined investment along the way that expanded our TAM to $260 billion. Those same investments have produced the collection of data-centric businesses that are unmatched, growing at double-digit rate and approaching 50% of the Company's revenue. Our opportunity is larger than it's ever been and we're hungry to compete and win. In 2018, our highest priorities will be executing to our strategy and meeting the commitments we make to our owners and our customers. This concludes our commitment to restoring customer confidence in the security of their data. This year Intel will celebrate a half century of innovation that has profoundly changed the world. Over the last 50 years, we invented the architecture and manufacturing technologies that have made personal computing, the Internet and the cloud not only possible but pervasive. The journey hasn't been without challenges, nothing worth doing ever is. Our culture has been forged through taking challenges head on and developing solutions our customers can count on. That includes working directly to address the Spectre and Meltdown security threats. We leave 2017 on a financial high note, but I am even more excited about what's to come about our strategy producing great products for our customers and great returns for our owners. I see Intel innovation changing the world for another 50 years and that journey starts with 2018. Over the coming year, we'll bring amazing innovation and performance for the PC market against the state-of-art in the artificial intelligence, lead the way towards mass 5G deployment, launch the industry's first new memory architecture in two decades and take another step towards a safer world in which autonomous driving is a reality. Looking back on 2017, I could not be more proud of our team and all they have accomplished. As I look to our 50th year, I am more optimistic and confident than I've ever been about Intel's future. And with that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Brian. The fourth quarter was an outstanding close to a record 2017 and we're building real momentum heading into 2018. Revenue for the quarter was $17.1 billion up 8% year-over-year. Operating income was $5.9 billion up 21% year-over-year and EPS of a $1.08 was up 37% year-over-year. From the capital allocation perspective, we redeemed $1.6 billion of 2,035 convertible debt, reducing our share count by 59 million shares, and repurchased 500 million of higher coupon debt and exchanged $1.8 billion into 30 year debt at a 1% lower coupon rate. On tax reform, our Q4 GAAP earnings reflect a one-time tax impact of $5.4 billion, and our guidance reflects approximately 7 point improvement in our effective tax rate going forward. To summarize, we had a fantastic quarter and year and are on track to exceed the three year targets we laid out at our Analyst Day, one full year ahead of schedule. Our Q4 results demonstrate a continued momentum in our transformation from a PC-centric to a data-centric company. Intel's data-centric businesses those outside of the PC segment are at an all-time high mix of 47% of our revenue, up from approximately 40% in 2012. We've made significant investments to expand our TAM and do new data rich markets like memory, programmable solutions and autonomous driving. These investments are just starting to pay off and will fuel Intel's growth going forward. Our PC-centric business was down 2% in a declining PC market and it continuous to be a great source of profitability. DCG delivered its most profitable year since 2011 by focusing on premium and growth segments with industry leading products. This business generated the cash to fund Intel's investment in new data-centric growth. Moving to Q4 earnings, we generated significant EPS expansion in the quarter up 37% year-over-year. Our EPS improvement was driven by strong top line growth a five point improvement in operating margin and significant gains from our ICAP portfolio. Our gross margins expanded two points in the quarter and outstanding is a percent of revenue declined by 3 points as we delivered 700 million more revenue and 300 million less spending. In terms of operating efficiency, we're well ahead of schedule of meeting our commitment by reducing spending to 30% by 2020. We now expect to achieve this goal no later than 2019. Total spending was down 6% year-over-year in the fourth quarter while we continue to investing in our key priorities including driving more to off forward, wining artificial intelligent and autonomous driving. R&D spending is a percent of revenue was down approximately 1 point and our SG&A cost was down over 2 points as we rationalize our marketing and sales programs and generate significant leverage in our SG&A functions. Let met touch briefly on our segment performance. The Client Computing Group had another strong quarter. Revenue of $9 billion was down 2 points and operating margins were down 2 points. Operating margins were lower on 10-nanometer transition cost. We saw strength in the commercial gaming business and we believe the worldwide PC supply chain is operating at healthy level. The Data Center Group had record revenue of $5.6 billion, up 20% year over year, and operating income of $3 billion grew 59%. Q4 operating margin was 54%. As Brian mentioned earlier, we had strong growth in execution across all segments. Overall, unit volume was up 10%, ASPs were up 8%, and our adjacencies grew 35%. Our ASP strength demonstrates the value customers see in our high performance products. Xeon Scalable launched in July is ramping well with customer broadly deploying its leadership products family. Revenue scale from leadership products, ASP strength and the exclusion of 2016 one-time charges drove strong operating income growth for the business. For the full year, revenue was up 11% and operating margin came in at 44% both ahead of the expectations we provided at the beginning of the year. The IoT, NSG, and PSG business segments are becoming a larger component of our overall business, collectively growing 19% year over year. Our Internet of Things business achieved record revenue of $879 million, growing 21% year over year, driven by strength in industrial and video and continued momentum in our retail business. Operating profit was $260 million, up 42% year over year. The Mobileye business also had a record quarter and we're on track to our deal thesis. As we called out last quarter results for the Mobileye acquisition are included in our all other segment and reflects the Q4 integration of Intel autonomous driving group spending in the Mobileye. Our memory business had revenue of $889 million, up 9% year-over-year with strong demand for data center FFT solution and demand signals outpacing supply. This segment was profitable for the quarter and we expect this segment to be profitable for the full year of 2018. Programmable Solutions Group had record revenue of 568 million with 35% growth driven by strength in data center, automotive and embedded. Operating profit was a $156 million, up 95% year-over-year. The Stratix 10 design win pipeline, which represents FPGAs largest ever doubled over the last year due to engagements in 5G, cloud computing and the infrastructure transition to network function for virtualization. We laid out our capital allocation priorities early in the year. Invest organically, expand acquisitively and return capital to our shareholders and do it wisely. In the year, we deliver on our promise. First, we generated strong free cash flow at 10.3 billion in the year and returned 8.7 billion to shareholders through dividends of 5.1 billion and share repurchase of 3.6 billion. Second, we funded a majority of the Mobileye acquisition from the sale of non-core assets during the year including McAfee and the sale of ASML shares. And third, we redeemed 1.6 billion in convertible debt reducing 59 million shares, and we also tendered higher coupon debt for lower coupon debt. Let me expand on the ICAP and treasury related transactions we executed in the quarter. First, we sold 11.4 million shares of our ASML Holding, which generated $2 billion in cash proceeds and again a $1.5 billion. Second, we redeemed our 2035 convertible debenture. This redemption created a 2.8 billion cash outflow in a non-cash loss of 385 million, which was tax decidable. Since this debenture was convertible and therefore dilutive, the redemption effectively acted as a buyback that will reduce diluted share count by 59 million shares. And third, we successfully tender 2.3 billion of high coupon debt in the quarter. We exchange 1.9 billion of all debt in the $2 billion of 30-year new debt, reducing our coupon rate by 1%. We also redeemed 425 million of all debt for cash. This transaction both lowered our leverage and our interest expense. Adding in all up, 2017 was another record year for Intel revenue of 62.8 billion was up 9% year-over-year, driven by 16% growth in our data-centric business and 3% growth in PC-centric business. Operating income of 19.6 billion was up 18% on strong execution across the businesses and discipline spending. Earnings per share of $3.46 was up 26% on excellent operational performance and the benefit of $0.35 from ICAP net gain. With the change to the accounting rules for recognizing price changes on equity investments, we do not expect to see these ICAP gains repeat. Before I turn to guidance let me provide a little more context on the impact of tax reform on our business. Intel's fourth quarter results reflect a higher GAAP income tax expense of 5.4 billion, as a result of U.S. corporate tax reform enacted in December. This includes a one-time required tax adjustment on previously untaxed foreign earnings able over eight years which was partially offset by the re-measurement of deferred income taxes to the new U.S. statutory tax rate. Looking ahead, we expect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will help level the playing field for U.S. manufacturers like Intel that compete in today's global economy. We expect the 2018 tax rate of approximately 14% driven by lower U.S. statutory tax rate of 21% lower tax on foreign income benefits of U.S. exporters and the continuation of the R&D credit. The change in our tax rate drives approximately $0.28 in 2018 EPS. Intel has a rich history of investing the U.S. led research and development and U.S. manufacturing. This last year we committed to the setup of our fab 42 facility creating thousands of jobs at completion. These tax forms provide further incentive to continue investments like this. Before we turn to our 2018 outlook, I also want to highlight two accounting rule changes. First, new accounting rules for revenue recognition; and second, accounting for equity gains and losses. We do not expect a material impact to revenue from the revenue recognition accounting change. The changes in accounting for equity gains and losses will require the recognition of unrealized price changes each quarter. The equity holdings like our ASML position will see mark-to-market adjustments that will flow through earnings in 2018, which may create greater volatility on a GAAP basis. This change resulted in an impact of 2.7 billion of net unrealized gain at year end that we booked to equity on January 1, 2018. Now moving to the full-year, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $65 billion up 4% year-over-year. We expect operating margin of approximately 30% with gross margins down 2 to 2.5 points and spending as a percent of revenue to be down 1 to 1.5 points. The decline in gross margin is driven by growth in our adjacent businesses as we play in an expanded TAM and transition costs associated with 10-nanometer, both partially offset by higher gross margins from our 14-nanometer products. We expect EPS of $3.55 up 14% excluding the ICAP net gains driven by a strong top line growth and a lower tax rate of approximately 14%, which will increase EPS by approximately $0.28. We expect to net capital deployed at $12 billion. This reflects gross CapEx of 14 billion offset by approximately $2 billion of customer prepayments for memory supply agreement. Increasing CapEx reflects our and our customers confidence in our memory technology leadership. We expect free cash flow of $13 billion, an increase of approximately 30% directly contributing to our decision to raise our dividend by a full 10%. As we look to the first quarter of 2018, we're forecasting the midpoint of revenue range at $15 billion up 5% year-over-year. We expect operating margin of approximately 27%, flat year-over-year with a 3 point decline in gross margin offset a 3 point decline in spending. We expect EPS of $0.70 up 11% excluding ICAP net gain from strong top line growth and a lower effective tax rate. We believe 2018 will be another record year for Intel and we feel great about where we are entering year two of our three year transformation. We've met and exceeded our commitments. Our PC-centric team continues to operate very well in a down market, and our data-centric businesses are up double-digits collectively as we continue to transform the Company to power the cloud and smart connected devices. With that, let me turn it back to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Alright, thank you Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: My first question just revolves around the revenue guidance for the March quarter at the midpoint down about 12% sequentially is a lot worse than I guess normal season, and I guess I am trying to figure out kind of the parameters that you guys are using to come up with that number. Was there something in the DCG strength in the calendar first quarter that you don't think is repeatable given your comments around the PC supply chain being healthy, that to me feels a little bit more seasonal than not in the March quarter? So I am just kind of curious as to why the Q1 revenue would be so much below, what is being kind of the five year medium seasonality for Q1?
Bob Swan: John, thanks, it's Bob. So really two things going on, one, the enterprise growth in DCG as Brian highlighted, it was up 11% in the fourth quarter. So extremely strong seasonal growth for enterprise, a little bit -- more than we expected frankly, that's number one. Number two, PSG 35% growth was helped by end of life sales during the course of the quarter. And if you adjust for maybe a more normalized enterprise growth and PSG growth, you get to more of a seasonal Q4, Q1 dynamic, so in line with seasonal if you make those two adjustments.
John Pitzer: And then Brian on my second question revolves around CapEx, I think it was a year ago on this conference call that you kind of mentioned that you thought that calendar year '17 and calendar year '18 would be sort of above churn line CapEx spending for you guys and then you thought it would come down again in calendar year '19 to a more normal trend albeit you didn't quantify the trend. Just given the big uptick in '18 the 14 billion, I realized two of that’s already being covered by prepayments. But how do we think about kind of the trend line CapEx from here especially in light of the changing relationship between yourself and Micron on INFT?
Brian Krzanich: So you know my prospective is, if you take a look at right memory kind of logic on our CapEx scaled with our increase in revenue and kind of our overall growth rate. So that’s felt in line. With memory, we're going to take a look at it, really on a year by year basis, and I would tell you that Bob's is really doing a good job of helping their business unit, look over the capital. And when we have demand enough and people are willing to pay upfront to that demand and reserve the capacity like we done this year, we’re going to go head and put that capacity in place plus what we think what Mark and we can do as distributing across overall market. And that’s really independent of that changing relationship with Micron, that’s really more about how we're doing development work in time, really that’s actually there are two generations away that been really effect 2018. This was really about what we saw for the overall main memory market plus the additional capital and capacity that people wanted to reserve through that process. We will look at that each year John and say, okay as we look out into '19 at the end of '18 will be that same analysis.
John Pitzer: Thank you for that evaluation, Brian.
Bob Swan: I would just -- sorry, just follow on to Brian's comment. In the way we're looking at memory and we talked a bit about this on the last call is increased confidence in our customers and the technologies that we’re developing where those relationship, they will help fund the scaling of the capacity to grow the business and we're really trying to match net capital employee to be in conjunction with known customer demand. So what that means -- what that meant for 2017 as the net capital was roughly $1.5 billion. We held that relatively flat in 2018, so our growth capital is higher. We have more conviction in the customer base to fund $2 billion of the growth capital. So memory, we’re really trying to focus on customer adoption of our technology to effectively and efficiently scale the business. And then just the only other point that make logic and remember year ago in terms of our outlook for growth we're well ahead of our outlook for growth. We’re probably have the time, implied in our outlook was probably 62.2 billion kind of number in 2018. Obviously, with our guide now 65 billion were 2.5 billion higher and if that incremental growth that's placing similar demand for our logic, logic capacity both for 14, 10-nanometer and as we take forward about 7-nanometer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: I wonder if you could talk about OpEx obviously you've been pretty discipline there bringing that down, but you've also got some other initiatives you announced to discrete graphics effort, maybe if you talk about -- it seems like we costs a lot, if I just look at what your competitors are spending? And then, at some point you’re going to spend money on NAND that used to be shared with Micron. So just, can you talk about the puts and takes are? And is there something we should think about this coming down to sort of offset those potential increases?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. I’ll start and I’ll let Bob to kind of give you there under the cover detail of dollars. But Joe, this really, we’ve already factor all of those things in so things like the discrete graphics is a ramping spend. The memory R&D spending out in time, so for ’18 has no really effect. And then we’ve given an overall efficiency and all of our R&D spending to offset that. So increasing in GPU spending, there are some other increases as well around things like autonomous driving and some of the other artificial intelligence in some of the emerging areas. You’re right, overtime will increase spending in NAND in R&D, but those are being offset by efficiencies that were driving into the rest of our product R&D. And we really feel like we’re getting good play where we can keep the place of innovation going on our core products, while we fund these new initiatives as well and not to compete from our continued efficiency efforts across spending as a percent of revenue.
Bob Swan: Joe, I'll just add some numbers to Brian's word. We’ve kind of come down from 36% to 35% to 34% to a second half of 2017 at roughly 31% of revenue. So we’ve been coming down as we’ve been doing two things. One, the investment that we’ve been making our paying off in terms of higher growth; and number two, we're making real trade-offs in where we’re investing our money. As we go into implied in our guidance as we go into ’18, we’re expecting our spending level to be roughly flat with an annualized 2017 spending level. So, we’re going to -- and underneath that, continuing to drive efficiencies and sales and marketing, as we become more of a B2B or data-centric company and getting real leverage on our G&A functions across the board. So, we’ve made real progress during the course for the last couple of years. Including the second half, we expect to make continued progress while making the critical investments and things like discrete graphic, autonomous driving, artificial intelligence and continuing to invest in Moore's Law.
Joe Moore: AND as you think about that NAND investment, I guess people have asked me, what your -- what the separation from Micron on the long-term path means? Is that you know sort of more of a focus on proprietary products like 3D XPoint? Or do you from fully committed to sort of more competitive NAND to your more competitive market?
Brian Krzanich: So, sort to make sure you -- we clarify a little bit, Joe. The separation of development work is -- again out in time think of it in 2020 timeframe is when real independences come and its NAND specific. So, we continue to work together on to the plus point. So and this is really just, it’s not a separation of the Company or something about the relationship. The relationship with Micron continues to be a good one. And I foresee it will continue to be good one in the future as well. This is about direction of where we are going to take our products and we have talked about our aggregate data center-centric and really tie a performance and allaying to the customer market that we are really looking at. And so, the spending in R&D we are talking about right now is really a NAND specific, 3D XPoint continues to be a joint effort.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava: I wanted to go back to DCG specifically on the up margin front. We have not seen the high handle if my model is correct, it's been eight plus quarters. So, can you please speak to the sustainability of the up margin? And kind of what were the drivers that got you to that level? And then I have a follow-up for these things.
Bob Swan: Yes, so we came into the year and we indicated that we expected margins for the full-year to be in the 40% to 45%, and obviously, we started out low but we said our expectations were that we grow throughout to the course of year. A couple of things in the fourth quarter, obviously, you know growth. So we'll build leverage on our existing investment was a big contributor. Secondly, ASPs were up 8% so of the 20% growth ASPs accounted for 8 point to that. And as Brian highlighted, whether its cloud comps or enterprise, customers in the quarter will really paying for performance and that performance for us was higher ASPs. Third, continued progress on unit costs. And then last you may remember last year's fourth quarter, we had some warrantee and IP-related charges in that data center business that I think cost was roughly 4 points year ago. So last year's, we're little deflated. But good volume leverage, strong ASPs as customers paid for performance and unit cost improving.
Ambrish Srivastava: So we should expect this level going forward Bob?
Bob Swan: Yes, I think I wouldn't get too far away from the 40 to 45 to be honest with you. I think as we go into 2018, we think good cloud momentum that’s been consistent performance over the course of the year or last couple of years. Comms, our performance we believe it was real strong in a somewhat sluggish market so real share gains. But the high kind of seasonal enterprise growth and strong ASPs in the quarter, we think are more seasonal in nature and we are not anticipating enterprise growth to stay at these levels as we go into '18.
Ambrish Srivastava: And then from my follow-up on the gross margin for next year, you provided the sort of qualitatively the adjacencies as well as the cost impact from the 10 RAM. But A, I was surprised you didn't mention competition because now AMD will have a full year of a product in an area they never were for -- I shouldn’t say never, they were not in an area for a long time. So, question is, are you seeing any competition? Are you factoring that in? And then B, would it be possible to quantify the two impacts that you've mentioned?
Bob Swan: Yes, it's just -- I'd highlight three things that are driving the deterioration that I'd start first with -- we've always characterized our long-term gross margins to be in the 55% to 65% range, and for the last several years and including in our guidance this year will be at the upper end of that 60% to 65% range. But for the last couple of years that we've had maturity of 14-nanometer and that maturity both in terms of getting more and more performance and lower and lower unit costs, has been contributors to gross margin. As we go into '18, we see 14-nanometer modest contributions from profitability because we've matured on the cost curve, that's an increasingly competitive environment, and we don't anticipate dramatic ASP improvements over the entire company, some cases yes, but for the most part, no. So, we'll see some continued improvement in 14-nanometer products during the course of the year. Secondly we're really accelerating the growth of our adjacent businesses, the investments that we've been making in both the data-centric businesses and our growth in modem. Those are contributing to our year-on-year EPS growth; however, those both of those product lines of businesses have lower margin. So our success in modem and memory is having a mixed impact on our gross margins. The third area is we're going from 10-nanometer startup where costs are coming down to more the ramp to the 10-nanometer and that ramp is going to weigh on the margins, as we begin to develop production going into the second half of the year where we're way up the curve where our yields and costs are. So, those are kind of the three things as we see it. If I were to characterize roughly plus one, roughly minus two, roughly minus one, rounding those.
Brian Krzanich: I understand your question about specifically around competition. I think every year we look at it as the competitive environment, and we're out to compete for our customers. And so we factor that in each year appropriately I think against the competition. So we look at the competitive environment and we believe Xeon Scalable, great performance that has, our overall product roadmap, we think we have a highly competitive roadmap and have adjusted for that in our forecast.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: Firstly, can you walk us through your free cash flow waterfall? I can't get your flattish operating income on 4% revenue growth. It was a couple of billion dollar ICAP gains, CapEx I guess maybe flattish with some memory payments. Taxes maybe get to me a third to half of the way there, but where does the rest of the free cash flow comes from? Are you just draining the kind of working capital or what? Can you walk us through?
Bob Swan: Yes, first $13 billion free cash flow, up roughly 30% year-over-year, first higher cash earnings. Our guide has EPS of up roughly 14% in that guide there is depreciation has grown in '18 relative to 2017. So that has just higher cash earnings. Secondly, we do expect lower working capital as we go through 2018. And third, we have higher strategic customer supply agreement and those three things were all contributed positive. And then obviously, Stacy, the higher growth capital is a bit of an offset; so longer cash earning, better working capital, more strategic supply partially offset by higher CapEx.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay, so my follow-up, I want to ask about that gross next year of your kind of adjacent businesses versus your core businesses. Of that 65 billion of that 4%, can you give us a feeling how much of that is coming from adjacent, I guess mostly memory in modems versus the core must be the decent given the gross margin pressures? And I guess as a corollary to that you mentioned a one delay -- one quarter delay in data center memories, was statement in XPoint?
Brian Krzanich: No, that was a NAND out start with just answer to that question, Stacy. That was 3D NAND SSD we -- has been delayed in the fourth quarter and those are being addressed now. So, that was that comment.
Stacy Rasgon: And growth on -- sorry, go ahead.
Bob Swan: I think on your first question. In the 65 billion, we characterize it as roughly low single digit decline in our PC-centric businesses. So implied to that is, PC may be decline a little bit more and modem adjacency within the CCG segment partially offsetting that. In the overall guide, we said that the data-centric businesses would be growing in the mid teens, obviously that we believe that would be a strongest segment within the makeup of our data-centric business will be in memory. There would be the function of customer calls that Brian just highlighted, and we expect NSG growth to accelerate throughout the course of 2018. Those single digits decline on PC-centric and mid team growth on data-centric businesses.
Stacy Rasgon: So, what is the memory strength implies for the data and the growth of the DCG growth, unprecedentedly given the strong performance in Q4?
Bob Swan: For the most part, the wins for NSG that will go through date center will be late in 2018 and won't really have an impact on the overall growth rate of that business. So it's primarily about growth of 3D NAND during the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: I guess couple of housekeeping questions, if I could kind of put them together. Curious, if you could share with us, how are you thinking about CapEx spend between logic and memory? And then on the 10-nanometer start-up, can you share with us when you’re expecting to begin depreciating those costs?
Bob Swan: First, on the CapEx, we indicated the gross capital in the year of 14 billion that we’ve got customer strategic supply agreements of roughly 2 billion. So our net capital is $12 billion in the year. Again, I’ve kind of break that into two pieces; memory, net capital employee no change and logic CapEx up roughly a $1 billion year-on-year. And as we mentioned earlier that $1 billion is a function of primary growth continuing to grow 14-nanometer. Second, scaling up 10-nanometer. And third, investing in next node 7-nanometer during the course of the year. So, those three things are really driving the $1 billion increase in CapEx for logic. The second part of your question -- so for 10-nanometer, as we bring that equipment online, we turn on. There is some equipment now that being depreciated, but as we bill bring online as we ramp in the second half of the year when we turn that equipment on is when we start depreciating. So we’d expect our depreciation bill in second half for the year to be growing. And that’s one of the contributors to -- really to come full circle. That’s one of the contributors to the gross margin deterioration during the course of the year, as we start to ramp 10-nanometer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: For first one, Brian, I’m curious. Are you baking in any effect on sales of cost of pricing for many resolution on the processor security issues? There is one line of thinking that says, customers might decelerate their purchase, and then you have others industry saying that customers might accelerate that purchase later on. So I’m just curious how you’re looking at the financial implications positive or negative from this issue near-term and longer term?
Brian Krzanich: Sure, so we try and kind of break it into two kind of answers for that Vivek. From a cost standpoint, we’ve baked in and we've talked about that we don’t expect any material impact of this security exploit on our spending or product cost or any of that. So that’s how we baked that in. From a fourth half standpoint, we actually made our forecast and we've checked it as we go through this the first two weeks here of the year against our prior forecast to make sure that the forecasting incorporated any changes or any signs we're seeing up or down. And I would tell you at the highest level, we are not seeing much of the change in those forecasts as a result of that the flow. I'd tell you it's pretty balanced right now, so spending not materials and didn’t make any add there and then our forecast we had a forecast we checked in as we go through the first few weeks of the year and it hasn’t really changed that all as we looked at it. The only other think I'd add for Brian's comment earlier, we kind of go into the year realizing that it's an increasingly competitive environment and our focus is on right now continuing to bring the best highest performance products to market, but also to lots of time and energy spend on focusing on fixing those issue, primarily through software patches as opposed to short-term hardware things.
Vivek Arya: And as my follow-up. For the full-year, how should we think about a growth in just the DCG business? I understand you gave some color around the entire data centric group which includes memory than other segments, but just sort of apples-to-apples how should we think about growth in just DCG that had a very strong double-digit growth here in '17?
Brian Krzanich: Throughout the course of the year, we -- sorry, throughout the course of '17, we kind of guided high single-digits; and we kind of executed to that throughout. And then Q4 wasn’t dramatically different than the first three quarters of the year really with the exception of the high seasonal spend for enterprise. And that really took us from a high-single digit to low double-digit or 11% growth for the year. As we go into '18, we do not expect that. We think that in the enterprise space, things will go back down to the negative single-digits range and therefore don’t anticipate a dramatic difference in the how we laid out DCG a year-ago. So that's how we are thinking about it. If I maybe elevate that back up a little bit and just think about when we are putting together our plans for the year, there is two areas where our tendency is to be a little cautious on the outlook. One is PC TAM, we tend to be a little more cautious on PC TAM, and we tend to be a little more cautious as we think about enterprise growth in the DCT business. And the reason we do that as we think it's important to be cautious get our cost in line, and if our assumptions on market rates to growth turn out to be conservative, we will benefit from -- we believe we benefit from higher volume and real strong flow through to net income. That's how we plan the year covenant to 2017 and we did kind of the same thing for 2018. So I don’t anticipate dramatically different DCG growth and how we led out 2017 as we enter 2018 because we really haven't assume a change in trajectory of enterprise CIO spending in the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Yes, our last question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Just wanted to go back to the DCG ASPs. You were talking about the ramp of scalable being kind of to plan, but then I think you got a nice tailwind and I think you implied enterprise at a higher percent of scalable. So just wanted to give us talk on broad strokes just where the scalable ramp is here? And how your expectations kind of getting through the year where that could go?
Brian Krzanich: So I'll start and Bob can add some number detail in all. The Xeon Scalable ramp is right in line with prior ramps of similar products on our DCG roadmap. And what you saw when you talked about Q4 was not necessarily more Xeon Scalable, but people buying up the stock on Xeon Scalable which drove the ASP. So, they're buying a higher performance, higher priced part, and that's not uncommon when the early stages of the ramp. People come in and they typically want to buy the highest performance parts at the beginning. And then they fill out their distribution as other buyers come in and other parts in the market kind of opened up. So, ramps on schedule and aligned with high ramps and the ASP was more about SKU, they're buying up on higher performance parts than necessarily a volume statement.
Blayne Curtis: And then I also want to go back on just -- I just want to also go back on gross margin as well as you look for March that you mentioned, the drop is from adjacent businesses as well 10-nanometer. Obviously, memory you're signaling a big ramp and it doesn't move out fully. I just wonder, Bob, if you just walk through the 10-nanometer startup costs as they kind of move through the year and kind of picking our line between those two in Q1, what's the bigger factor?
Brian Krzanich: So, actually the mix dynamics are going to be a bigger factor overall for the year both in Q1 and for the rest of the year as our memory and modem business continue to accelerate strong growth. So that's going to be the biggest impact. I think 10-nanometer will have an impact just right off the gate and will kind of continue throughout the year, as we scale volume, but also need to improve yields during the course of the year. So hopefully that's helpful.
Mark Henninger: Alright, thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This conclude today's program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp. Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. I would now it to turn the call over to Mark Henninger, head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation, which replaces the CFO commentary that we provided in the past. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. The third quarter exceeded our expectations with revenue $16.1 billion, which is $400 million better than our outlook. Operating income of $5.6 billion was more than $700 million better than our outlook. Our data-centric businesses grew 15% year over year, reaching 45% of our revenue, proving that Intel is becoming a data-centric company. The fiscal discipline that Bob and I have talked about is delivering results even faster than we had forecasted while simultaneously allowing us to focus more on innovation in our key growth segments. Revenue grew 2% or 6% after adjusting for the McAfee transaction. Operating income grew 8% and earnings per share grew 26%, both reaching all-time records. Add it all together, and this was a remarkable quarter in what is shaping up to be a remarkable year. Our strategy is to be the driving force of the data revolution across technologies and industries. Our data-centric businesses are the company's growth engine. Individually, these businesses provide great value to our customers. Collectively, they're solving our customers' problems in a way that no individual business or product could. We've built a collection of capabilities that is unmatched. At the same time, our PC business remains central to our success. It's a source of great profit, cash flow, scale, and intellectual property. We've made great progress in both our data-centric and PC-centric businesses over the last few months, and I'll share a few important milestones that illustrate that progress. We're going to start with CCG [Client Computing Group], which produced exceptional results despite a declining PC TAM. PC market conditions continued to improve, and we achieved record Core i5 plus Core i7 client mix. Our focus on an annual beat rate of innovation and thoughtful segmentation combined with an investment strategy designed to produce results, even in a declining market, is paying off. We're especially excited about the launch of our latest 8th Generation Core processor, code named Coffee Lake. The Coffee Lake family includes our first six-core desktop CPU. And it's our best gaming processor to date, with up to 50% better performance than the competition on top game titles. We're on track to ship our first low-volume 10-nanometer part by the end of the year. That will be followed by the initial ramp in the first half of 2018, with both high volume and system availability in the second half of 2018. We shipped our first modem into the auto industry, and our modem revenue was up 37% in total over last year. Moving on to our data-centric businesses, DCG [Data Center Group] revenue grew 7% in Q3 and remains on track for high single-digit growth for the year. We saw strong cloud growth, outgrew the comm service provider end market and, while the enterprise decline moderated sequentially, we still see workloads moving to the cloud. Cloud and comm service provider revenue combined is nearly 60% of DCG revenue now. In less than three months, we've had more than 200 Xeon scalable OEM systems begin production shipments, and our customers across all of our segments are beginning deployments that will continue to ramp in Q4 and through 2018. In our Internet of Things business, revenue was up 23%, with strength across the retail, industrial, and video segments. We also continue to build momentum in the vehicle infotainment market, winning designs from our competitors at leading automakers. Early in the quarter, we closed the Mobileye transaction a full four months ahead of schedule. So far this year, Mobileye has won 14 ADAS [Advanced Driver Assistance Systems] designs across 14 automakers, a pace well ahead of the 12 wins they recorded all of last year. These designs provide for typical features like automated emergency braking, lane keeping, and adaptive cruise control. But several also include next-step functionality like highway autonomous driving. We're also winning marquee designs for Level 3 and higher levels of autonomy, including our strategic partnership with BMW and Fiat Chrysler. Most recently, we announced that Waymo's newest vehicles, the self-driving Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans, feature Intel-based technologies for sensor processing, general compute, and connectivity. With 3 million miles of real-world driving, Waymo cars with Intel technology inside have already processed more self-driving car miles than any other autonomous fleet on the U.S. roads. Intel and Mobileye provide the auto industry with unmatched product breadth, the architectural flexibility to support open and closed implementations, and technology leadership. Our progress in just a few short months illustrates the benefits of our combination. And together, we can deliver the promise of autonomous driving in a safer, collision-free future. Let's move on now to memory and FPGAs. Our memory business grew 37% over last year and operating margin improved significantly, as Fab 68, our Dalian factory, continued to beat both its ramp rate and yield goal. Fab 68 accounted for more than half of our supply in a quarter where more than 70% of the total bits were 3D NAND. Our memory innovation and technology leadership is having an impact. We shipped the industry's first 64-layer data center SSDs and have a strong Optane design win pipeline. That leadership technology has also resulted in strong customer interest in long-term supply agreements, and we've already signed two such agreements. Bob will share more about our approach, but this is an important step that will mitigate the short-term cash flow impact of ramping our memory capacity. And finally, in our FPGA business, revenue was up 10% over last year, with growth in the data center, embedded, and automotive segments, where we're ramping designs like the Level 3 autonomous 2018 Audi A8 and DENSO's stereo vision system. Strength in these segments was partially offset by continued weakness in comms infrastructure. Our design win revenue value was up more than 10% in the third quarter, the highest level in more than three years. This business is central to our success in artificial intelligence. In Q3, Microsoft announced that it would use our 14-nanometer Stratix 10 FPGAs for its accelerated deep learning platform that's code named Project Brainwave. And as part of a broadening engagement between our companies, Alibaba is using Intel FPGAs to power the acceleration of the service of Alibaba Cloud. We've made tremendous progress in AI and advanced computing technologies over the last few months. In addition to our FPGAs and autonomous driving wins, we launched the Movidius Myriad X, the world's first vision processing unit with a dedicated neural compute engine to deliver artificial intelligence capabilities to the edge in a low-power, high-performance package. We also achieved new research milestones, as Intel scientists pursue exciting emerging forms of compute. We delivered a 17-qubit superconducting test chip for quantum computing to our research partner, QuTech. And we'll follow that up with a 49-qubit test chip by the end of the year. We also unveiled the Loihi, a self-learning test chip that mimics the brain's basic mechanics and makes machine learning faster and more efficient. Later this quarter, we'll ship the Nervana neural network processor, the industry's first commercially available processor of its kind. I also announced last week that Facebook is working in close collaboration with us, sharing their technical insights as we bring this new generation of AI hardware to market. Together, these accomplishments reinforce several things for me. First, Intel is the leader in AI inference from the core of the data center to autonomous vehicles out to the edge devices where low power is especially critical. Second, artificial intelligence takes many forms and will require computing solutions that are tailored for the workload, the environment, and the user, rather than a one-size-fits-all. And third, our investments and pipeline of innovation position us to lead for years to come. We had a quarter any CEO would be proud of. And I'd like to take a moment to remember our former CEO and my friend, Paul Otellini. Paul had an enormous impact on the industry and this company, and his Intel family will miss him. He would be proud of our growing momentum, and it's an important part of his legacy. Wrapping things up, I'm excited about both our progress and our prospects. And we're competing aggressively for our $260 billion TAM, the largest opportunity in our history, with lots of room to grow market segment share. In some of our segments, we're facing new or resurgent competitors. In other segments, we are the new competitor. But in all cases, competition brings out the very best in our company, as our third quarter results demonstrate. We're now well ahead of our commitments we made to you in January. Our transformation is accelerating. And we're raising our full-year expectations for revenue by $700 million and for operating profit by $900 million, our third consecutive increase this year. This puts us solidly on track to deliver the best year in the company's history for the second year in a row. And with that great news, I'd like to hand it over to Bob.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon. This was an excellent quarter for Intel. Versus the expectations we set out at the beginning of the quarter, our revenue is better, our gross margins were stronger, and our spending was lower. As Brian said, we're on track for another record in 2017. Revenue in the quarter was $16.1 billion, up 6% year over year excluding McAfee, and we achieved record earnings. Operating income was $5.6 billion, up 8% year over year, and EPS was $1.01, up 26% year over year. From a capital allocation perspective, we closed the Mobileye transaction and funded a significant portion of the purchase price through the sale of non-core assets, including reducing our position in ASML and proceeds from the partial exit of McAfee. Additionally, we signed long-term NAND supply agreements, providing more than $2 billion in prepayments through 2018, significantly improving free cash flow for our memory business. We generated $6.3 billion in cash flow from operations, and we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders. At our Analyst Day in February, we talked about our strategy to transform from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company. Our Q3 results demonstrated continued momentum in our transformation. Intel's data-centric businesses, those outside of the PC segment, grew 15% year over year and now represent 45% of our revenue, up from approximately 30% in 2012. This collection of businesses is well positioned to capitalize on industry trends, create great value for our customers, and represents the company's growth engine going forward. Our PC-centric businesses generated flat revenue in the quarter and improved operating margin by over 3 points. The CCG team continues to execute extremely well in a declining PC TAM environment. Our focus on performance-leading products and a smart segmentation strategy is working. This business provides scale, funds IP, and generates a significant portion of the company's profits and cash flows. Moving to earnings, we generated significant EPS expansion in the quarter, up 26% year on year. Our EPS improvement was driven by solid platform execution, strong growth from our adjacent products and businesses, and lower spending, resulting in $408 million growth in operating income. Additionally, we continued to monetize some of our ICAP [Intel Channel Alliance Program] portfolio positions, resulting in a gain of $0.13 per share. We made a commitment at the beginning of the year to reduce spending to 30% of revenue by 2020 at the latest while continuing to invest in key growth areas and capabilities. We are making great progress. Total spending was down 6% year over year in the third quarter, with continued investments in our key priorities, including driving Moore's Law forward, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving. At the same time, we're executing with operational discipline and generating significant leverage from higher revenue growth. Our R&D spending as a percent of revenue was flat and our SG&A costs were down 3 points as we rationalize our marketing and sales programs and generate significant leverage in our G&A functions. In addition, we've made changes to our co-marketing programs to provide more flexibility and efficiency to our customers. These changes resulted in a reduction in revenue of approximately $200 million during the quarter, reducing year-over-year growth in CCG by approximately 2 points and DCG by just over 0.5 point, with a corresponding reduction in spending. These changes collectively have no impact on operating income. The impact of these changes will continue into Q4 at a slightly increased level. On a full-year basis, we expect direct spending to be approximately 33%, one point better than our prior guidance and down over two full points from last year. Let me touch briefly on our segment performance on slide 5. The Client Computing Group had another outstanding quarter. Revenue of $8.9 billion was flat year over year, and operating margins grew by 3 points. Flat revenue was driven by client ASPs up 7%, unit volume down 7%, and our adjacency business up 15%, partially offset by the changes to our co-marketing programs. We saw typical Q3 inventory build ahead of the holiday season, and we believe the worldwide PC supply chain is operating at healthy levels. This segment had another quarter of significant profit growth, with operating income growing 8% from strong Core mix, continued improvement in 14-nanometer unit costs, and lower spending. The Data Center Group had revenue of $4.9 billion, up 7% year over year, and operating income of $2.3 billion grew 7%. Q3 operating margin was 46%. As Brian mentioned earlier, we had strong growth in both the comms and cloud service provider segments, which are nearly 60% of our DCG revenue. Overall unit volume was up 4%, ASPs were up 2%, and adjacencies grew 16%. We launched Purley in Q3, and in less than three months we've had more than 200 OEM systems begin production shipments. Revenue scale from leadership products and spending leverage and efficiency drove strong operating income growth for the business. We expect DCG to meet our full-year expectations of high single-digit growth and operating margin percent in the low 40%. The IoT, NSG, and PSG business segments are becoming a larger component of our overall business, growing 25% year over year. Our Internet of Things business achieved record revenue of $849 million, up 23% year over year, driven by strength in industrial and video and continued momentum in our retail business. Operating profit was $146 million, down 24% year over year, from continued investments in the automotive segment. We closed the Mobileye transaction in early August, four months sooner than we expected. The Mobileye team executed extremely well in the third quarter and exceeded our expectations, with $82 million in revenue and $39 million in operating income. Going forward, results for the Mobileye acquisition will be included in our All Other segment. Increases in spending in this segment will correspond with reductions in the IoTG segment as we realize cost synergies from this acquisition. Our memory business had record revenue of $891 million, up 37% year over year, with strong demand from data center SSD solutions and demand signals outpacing supply. This segment had an operating loss of $52 million, an improvement of $82 million versus last year. Our memory fab in Dalian continues to make great progress. Yields continue to improve, and unit costs are well ahead of expectations. The core NAND business continues to be profitable, and we expect the memory business as a whole to be profitable in 2018, both ahead of our prior estimates. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $469 million, up 10% year over year, driven by strength in advanced products, data center, automotive, and military. Operating profit was $113 million, up 45% year over year. We're making good progress in realizing cost synergies with the integration of this business. Moving to slide 8, our cash position of $17.5 billion at September 30 is basically unchanged from the beginning of the year, but we've had lots of moving pieces during the year. First, we have generated $7.2 billion in free cash flow year-to-date, and we've returned $7.4 billion to shareholders through the form of dividends of $3.8 billion and share repurchases of $3.6 billion, including $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion respectively in the quarter. Second, as we mentioned earlier, we closed Mobileye in the third quarter for $14.5 billion in cash and funded over 50% of the purchase price from the sale of non-core assets during the year, including McAfee and the sale of ASML shares. Earlier in the year, we received $924 million from the sale of 51% stake in McAfee. And in the quarter, McAfee repaid the promissory notes of $2.2 billion and issued a dividend of $735 million. Third, we expect to generate $1.5 billion to $2 billion more free cash flow versus where we were at the beginning of the year. The additional free cash flow was driven by higher earnings, lower CapEx, customer prepayments on supply agreements, partially offset by increases to working capital associated with stronger growth and NSG and modem momentum. Based on these factors, we're raising our full-year revenue guidance by $700 million to $62 billion, operating income guidance by $900 million to $18.8 billion, and EPS guidance by $0.25 to $3.25 per share. The improvement in revenue outlook is primarily driven by higher expectations of the PC business and continued momentum in memory. The improvement in operating margin is primarily driven by our increased revenue outlook and lower spending. The increase in EPS is driven by higher expectations of revenue coupled with gains on the sale of our equity investments. And on slide 11, as we look to the fourth quarter of 2017, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $16.3 billion, up 3% year over year excluding McAfee. We expect operating income of $5.2 billion with gross margins flat year over year and spending, as a percentage of revenue, to be down approximately 2 points. We expect EPS of $0.86, driven by operating margin expansion and higher revenue. 2017 is shaping up to be a record year for Intel. We feel great about where we are nine months into our three-year transformation. Since January, we have raised our revenue outlook by $2.5 billion, our operating income by $1.7 billion, and our EPS by $0.45. At the same time, we are investing to compete and win in an expanded market. Our PC-centric team continues to operate very well in a down market and our data-centric businesses are up double digits collectively, as we continue to transform the company to power the cloud and smart connected devices. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. BK, a longer-term one for you, you rattled off a number of AI advancements that Intel is having, whether it be on the Nervana side or the Stratix side. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment in there? You mentioned that it's not going to be one size fits all. But you could give a little bit of how Intel does have an advantage versus some of the early movers in that space. And then perhaps, more importantly, when will we externally as investors be able to start to see the financial benefits of these new products?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Hi, Ross. So let's talk about this. We can kind of break this down. So, first, we are already seeing the benefits of AI in that. Remember, as I said, we lead in inference, which is the actual application of artificial intelligence, and we're continuing to really grow in that space. I think AI, if you take a look at it in general, machine learning, it's the smallest segment to a workload if you look at the data center, but the fastest growing. So you're going to see it continue to become a bigger and bigger portion of our business. You're seeing the effects in our numbers already around Xeon, Xeon Scalable, the FPGAs; we talked about the Microsoft Brainwave launch that's occurring. So those products you're going to see, I'll call those more of our traditional products. And also at the lower end, outside the data center, things like Movidius and now Mobileye, you're seeing those hit our P&Ls as well real-time now as we speak. The other products like Nervana, you'll start to see really more towards the back end probably of 2018 from a P&L perspective. If you take a look at Nervana, it actually – we get our first silicon out. It will be handed out as test silicon. We have a yearly cadence of products, and so I expect the first substantiations to be more people figuring out how to use it. It won't be a big impact. But as we go through next year and move on beyond that and get the second generation and beyond, that will grow, we believe, quite considerably. And then products like Loihi, which is our neuromorphic, are same things. The part we've put out so far is really a chip for people to begin to use and learn how to program with neuromorphic, which is a very different type of machine learning. It lets you learn at hundreds of times faster rates than traditional, I'll say, GPUs and CPUs, especially around visual learning. Those as well you'll start to see late next year and beyond as people really begin to learn how to program with these. So seeing it already and those newer products really think late 2018 and beyond before they really start to hit P&Ls.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks for that detail. And then the follow-up question I had was actually for Bob, and it's on the OpEx side, and congrats on the great operating leverage in the quarter. As we think about the ways you can get that operating leverage, in the past Intel seems to have focused mainly on keeping the OpEx relatively flat and then revenue growth driving that leverage. But in the quarter and in the guide that you just delivered, it looks like OpEx is down about 6% year over year. Conceptually, as we go into the next couple years, how do you think investors should think about the balance of delivering that cadence up to the 30% mark that you're looking for over the next couple years? Is it more revenue growth, or are you indeed going to be cutting the absolute level of OpEx?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Ross, great question. First, as you mentioned, we had great progress in the third quarter. We started the year at a spending level which was a little over 35% of revenue, and we came into 2017 saying that we would get that down to roughly 34%. Reflected in our guidance is it will be closer to 33%, so we're delivering well ahead of our expectations, which have been a function of the two things you highlighted: one, much stronger growth; and two, lower spending levels. And those lower spending levels from the first half of this year to the second half are a function of continuing to look at every dollar that we spend, whether it's R&D, whether it's sales and marketing, or whether it's G&A, and making sure that those dollars are allocated towards the biggest growth opportunities, and we are not to redeploy that capital or to get it out of the ecosystem. So our first half to second half spend levels will be down roughly $700 million on a business that will be roughly $2.5 billion bigger in the second half versus the first half. So we're making great progress on making real trade-offs on our spending levels and getting the benefit of stronger growth, and we expect the combination of those two to continue as we go forward.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to ask a little bit about the revenue drivers. Revenue upside for the year and I guess marching up for three quarters, but it continues to look to be the same trend, almost entirely from PC and memory. In the meantime, this is, in your own words, your biggest server refresh in a decade, and yet we're not seeing any upside. We're doing 7% year over year pretty much for the full year, which I guess I would classify as barely high single digit. We're not really seeing meaningful ASP increases from mix as Purley ramps. I was wondering if you could just give us a view on I guess your expectations for data center, where it's coming in, why we're not seeing more upside from the Purley ramp versus what we've seen from prior platform introductions, and whether or not 7% actually would qualify as high single digits by your definition.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: I'll start and Bob can jump in, Stacy. First, because you've got a couple questions in there, what I would tell you is that the Purley ramp has just really started. It starts with the big cloud service providers. You saw Google talk about it a couple weeks ago. You saw Microsoft talk about it earlier this week. Those ramps are just beginning. I talked about the 200 design wins or design-ins at customers. Those are just starting to come out, so we're really early. These ramps, remember because we have to – it will go through the cloud service providers and the Tier 2 cloud service providers, then on into comms and eventually into enterprise as well. This is going to take a year or more. So I think it's early to make this judgment. The ramp is right within the range we predicted it to be from a ramp of that product The second part of your question, is 7% high single digits, I'll just make it simple and say look, if you look mathematically, I think it would meet a minima of high single digits, but it's certainly not necessarily where we're targeting to get to, but it's a high single digit number. I'm not going to – the math doesn't lie.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: I'll just maybe add a little bit, I think, on the first part of your question. Overall, growth for the year relative to the expectations back in January, revenue will be up $2.5 billion. Obviously, PC is a significant part of that. Memory is growing faster. IoT is growing faster. PSG and data center, PSG faster in the second half versus the first half and DCG in line with our full-year outlook at the beginning of the year to be high single digits. So real good strength on clients, on memory, on IoT, and in line with the other businesses. The other thing I'd just offer to follow up on Brian's commentary on DCG growth, maybe two things. One, we started out at 6% in Q1. We were at 9% in Q2. We're at 7% in Q3 off a real tough comp last year of double-digit growth in the third quarter. So I would say from a top line perspective, we're right in line with the guide that we gave at the beginning of the year. And secondly and as importantly, our operating margins have continued to grow significantly quarter on quarter through the course of the year, with 46% operating margins in the third quarter. And we told you early on, despite a relatively slow start, the fact that operating margins for DCG to be above 40% for the year, and we're well on track to hit that important metric as well. So nine months through the year, great start to the year for us and DCG in line with our expectations and building momentum as we exit the year.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Did you have a follow-up, Stacy?
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I do, thank you. I wanted to ask about gross margins really quick. So revenue was up 6% I guess year over year excluding McAfee. Gross margins are down like 90 bps year over year. I was hoping you could give us some color on the drivers of that shift. And in particular, how should we think about the trajectory exiting the year into 2018, puts and takes on gross margins as we go into next year, given what we've seen this year?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: On your first part, we laid out for the year 63% gross margins. And we're pretty much in line with that throughout the first nine months, and our outlook for Q4 is another 63%, so in line with the full-year outlook, which is in the high end of our historical guide range. So we feel pretty good about where we are. For the dynamics underneath the covers, the trends have been fairly consistent: volume leverage with good scale going through the fabs; ASPs modestly better, much better in the first half on easier comps, slightly better in the second half on tougher comps. Unit cost continues to come down. The ramp costs associated with 10-nanometer are lower. And offsetting those, you really have three things going on. One, we have a high growth in our adjacent businesses of memory and modem that weigh on – that are a big contributor to improved earnings, but they weigh on our gross margin. Secondly, we have higher engineering samples as we go into the fourth quarter. And third, the co-marketing change that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Stacy, that has no impact on operating income but a modest impact on gross margin but offset by lower spending levels. So you take those all into account and they've delivered solid Q3 dynamics, solid Q4 outlook. And the one change between Q3 and Q4 is primarily attributable to the mix of the higher-growth adjacency businesses. Those trends and those dynamics, we'll talk much more about 2018 in January, but those trends have been fairly consistent for the last four quarters.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks for the question, Stacy.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Bob, I just wanted to go back to some of the comments you made. In DCG, op margin was up a ton. It's actually above your full-year, so just curious where those cuts came from. And then as you look forward, I know you're not going to forecast for next year, but is there any reason why the spending would go up and down from here?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: The first half gross margins – I should say operating margins were lower, second half much stronger. Fundamentally, it's less about cuts, to be honest with you. It's more about continuing to grow the top line. continuing to get ASP improvements or compensated for the performance that we're delivering, and modestly lower unit costs. So the combination of those three are getting really good leverage and allow us to expand operating margins while we continue to invest in obviously Xeon but also in artificial intelligence. So that's what's driven the first half to second half dynamics. As I indicated, we started out the year saying that we were highly confident we'd be above 40% for the year, and that's how it's played out during the course of the year.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then I wanted to go back to the question on AI and inference, Brian. I was wondering if you could just comment on – today I think you said it was small. I was just curious. Out of the cloud spend, how much is inference today? And when you look at future workloads driving server units, where could that be in a couple years?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, we don't separate out inference. So what we said is simply in the past publicly that AI is one of the smallest workloads and in fact one of the fastest growing. We haven't broken out – beyond just saying here's what cloud is growing at and here's what comms and here's what enterprise, we don't break out by workload. And there's a variety of reasons for that. Part of it, it's sometimes hard. The mixture of what – when somebody goes out and builds a rack, what is it going into? How much of its workload is really being used by AI? Anybody who tells you exactly what that number is, is just wrong, to be honest with you. So it's very hard for us to say with precision that X percent of our units went into AI workloads because it's rare that a rack is purely AI except for rare cases. But we know that it's small, just by the type of interactions we have, but also fast-growing and one of the biggest areas of interest.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Congratulations on the strong results. Bob, maybe I can just ask Blayne's DCG op margin question a little bit differently. In the calendar third quarter, you actually I think had revenue up about $500 million sequentially in that business roughly, and operating profits grew by about $600 million sequentially. Can you just help us understand what drove that dynamic? Were there any one-times? And just given how strong the operating margin is, I know you've reaffirmed for the full year. But is the Q3 level the new norm we should start basing operating profit off of, or was there something specific in Q3 that drove the op margin leverage above 100% sequentially?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: No one-timers. In one sense, John, it's no real surprises for us. We anticipated growing throughout the year. We anticipated higher ASPs, i.e., sequential ASPs being a little bit stronger, and that would drive incremental operating income. And some of the benefits of just a lower overall G&A spending for the company is benefiting all the different P&Ls. The G&A is actually lower. So that's what's really been driving the improvement sequentially. As you can tell from our full-year guide, there will be more of the same in Q4 relative to Q3. And then in terms of implications going forward, we got a great business. We've redefined the role we play in the data center business to be not a high 90% share player, but a 30% share player with lots of room to grow. And we expect that to be a continued important source of growth, both top and bottom line for the company. The specifics around that we'll talk more about it in January.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. Maybe for my follow-up for Brian, Brian, I know this is not a big part of your growth strategy going forward. But as you mentioned in your prepared comments, CCG is still very important to scale advantages, to profitability, to free cash flow, to your ability to invest in growth markets. And that's been a business that's been sort of remarkably stable over the last four or five quarters. It's grown over the last couple of years, in part because we've had relatively easy compares in the PC market. So I'm kind of curious, as you think about this business over the next call it four to eight quarters, how are you guys thinking about the corporate upgrade cycle or refresh cycle on PCs, the consumer refresh cycle, the gaming market, and I guess importantly, the modem business which is becoming a bigger and bigger part of this business over time? Do think you can still keep this business sort of on a flat growth trajectory, or how are you thinking about it?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So you've captured it quite well. Let's just talk about this. We can talk about it from a unit standpoint and then we can talk about it from how has our business done. From a unit standpoint, the decline has certainly slowed down. If you go back a year or two ago, we were high single digits to low teens declines at times year over year from a unit basis, and that slowed into the low single digits that we're seeing today, but we still are seeing a decline on a unit level. And I always remind people, we've taken probably something like 25% of the annual units out of this business, yet grown in that timeframe the profitability of that business significantly. So, that I think just talks about both the great execution in products and segmentation strategy and just the leadership that that team, at first with Navin Shenoy and now with Greg Bryant, have really delivered to the company. So our view is, John, that if you take a long-term view, we see the pattern kind of stabilizing at about where it is. I think we'll come in here and there will be quarters when the units are up slightly, and there will be other quarters when the units are down a little more slightly. But when we look at it over the long haul, they're probably going to be down those low single digits. But we also see segments that are growing, that are very performance focused, which allow us opportunity. So you talked about them, gaming, 2-in-1 devices, thin and light, the Ultrabook as we like to think about it from the old, those products are continuing to see growth actually, and they are pushing that record Core i5, Core i7. They're pushing the desire for Core i9, which is a new product we introduced. Those are what's driving the segmentation, the ASP uplift, and the increased profitability. We think to some level that trend will continue. How long? I'm not going to be that good a prognosticator, but certainly for the near-term future, we don't see this trend shifting very much.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then, Brian, just on the modem side, your prepared comments, I think you said it was up 37% year over year. What's the sustainability of that business and your ability to continue to grow that business through penetration?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yeah. I'm excited about the modem business. We, I think, really gotten a team together that is world-class. We believe we now are on a yearly cadence of world-class modems, which is really critical. That's a big hurdle to get that technology to where you can reliably put out on a yearly cadence a world-class modem. We believe we're there now. We continue to increase the profitability or the efficiency of that organization, which we've always talked about in the past, and that's continued. So we think we can continue to both drive the technology and continue to grow that business.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is now open.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Yes, thank you; great EPS growth. Bob, I think some of us who are more on the optimistic side definitely see a path to $4.00 of EPS, which makes Intel look compelling. I think some of the pushback though has been among value investors who look at free cash flow. And this year, for example, even with the equity gains, it looks like free cash flow is tracking down. So I know that this is an investment year, but how should people be thinking about free cash flow growth relative to EPS growth next year and maybe even 2019 as well?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: First, in 2017, people ought to be thinking about free cash flow growth being $1.5 billion to $2 billion higher than what was primarily reflected in our guidance, because we're saying that our current forecast will be much better than kind of where we started the year. And that improvement is really a function of three things; one, earnings growth, more operating earnings growth as opposed to the ICAP gains, but real solid operating earnings growth. Secondly, we reduced our CapEx outlook for the year from $12 billion to $11.5 billion this year. And third, the long-term agreements that we signed in the year. One of the benefits in what we're trying to do is really match our net capital deployed in memory in conjunction with demand from strategic clients and partners, which has the effect of reducing the impact of the memory capital intensity on the free cash flow to the business that makes sense for our customers and makes sense for us. So we'll continue to look for those opportunities. The biggest gap between our earnings performance and our free cash flow performance has been the higher capital associated with growth, number one, but in particular, memory. And we're really looking for opportunities to reduce our net capital deployed into memory, which will in turn grow free cash flow over time just closer and closer to our EPS growth.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: And I guess along those lines, Brian, can you just give us an update on how you're thinking about CapEx at these levels and going forward?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. I think in our statements and in the release, we showed you that we actually lowered CapEx by about $500 million for this year. We've talked about CapEx and thinking about it as being in this range. I don't think we have anything else to say about – it's pretty close right now. We're just focused on the execution into Q4 and prepping for our view for 2018. So I don't want to have any other discussion on CapEx until we get to the January timeframe right now for 2018.
Romit Jitendra Shah - Nomura Instinet: Fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the great execution. The ASP trend in DCG was up 2% year over year, but it can be skewed by mix. So if we look at the four sub-segments, cloud, comm, service provider, enterprise adjacencies, if we just look at those buckets as a silo as you ramp Skylake, did ASPs move higher in all of those sub-segments? I'm just trying to get a sense for how broad-based the value capture was.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: I would just, without giving you all the specifics of ASPs by segment, I would just say the biggest driver of ASP improvement is really incremental performance. So as we continue to transition – yes, we're still transitioning Haswell to Broadwell, which all else equal there are positive ASP implications as we transition to Xeon Scalable and deliver higher performance. That growing mix of higher-performance products is the single biggest contributor to ASP. We're still in the early days, as Brian mentioned, in Xeon Scalable, but that is a high-performance product. And we would expect that will share in the benefits of high performance for our clients with higher ASPs. But that's the biggest dynamic.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights there. And the team has talked about accelerating the server roadmaps to be more closely aligned with the cadence of manufacturing technology migrations, I believe starting with the 10-nanometer node. Can you guys just give us an update there?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yes, think of it – so first, absolutely you're right that we are going to move much more of our focus towards data center products coming first. It's not going to be the early part of 10-nanometer, though. You've got to look at the design cycles. And you make a decision like that, even if you make it last year, you'll start to see the effect at the back end of 10-nanometers and you'll really see it affect 7-nanometers, so not these early products on 10-nanometer, though. They were already in the hopper when we made that move.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Harlan. And, operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And our last question comes from Matt Ramsay with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Bob, I wanted to ask a little bit about G&A leverage. You talked about in the script and in some of the Q&A here some changes to the co-marketing programs and the like going forward in both the PC and in the data center business. Is there any way you could maybe bound for us the size of those and their contributions to what the run rate has been of overall OpEx, and what kind of opportunities there are potentially to further restructure those going forward? Thank you.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes, just on the co-marketing program in particular, really what we're trying to do is retain the value of the Intel Inside brand, but also to be more flexible and align our spending in conjunction with our customers, more tailored programs by customer to drive more efficient demand. That's the intent of what we're trying to accomplish, and we're pretty excited about the change. The quantification of that strategy in essence in the third quarter was roughly $200 million that in essence shifted from spending to contra-revenue, so no impact on operating income dollars but roughly $200 million lower revenue, $200 million lower spending. And we expect that to be modestly higher as we go into the fourth quarter. So again, more effective and efficient way to spend our marketing dollars in conjunction with tailoring programs with the OEMs, that drives the change in the geography of how those dollars are reflected in our P&L but doesn't really impact our operating income.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you, that's really helpful. And then as a follow-up, Brian, in the automotive space, I think you mentioned 14 ADAS wins for Mobileye versus 12 all of last year, and that's in the ADAS space. And you have some of your competitors making quite bold announcements about wins towards autonomous driving programs long term. Maybe you could talk about how commitments are being made in ADAS versus autonomous and then how the acquisition that you've seen so far of Mobileye has maybe pulled some of your computing assets into these conversations for longer-term autonomous. Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, that's a great question. So we mentioned that even out of those 14, many of those continue on up into Level 3, Level 4. The Level 5 work that you see out there is pretty far out there. And I'd tell you that's there's a lot of just experimental work going on there. If I take a look at the bigger picture, which is what you're asking, this whole picture that we've been putting together is – I said in the statement that individually these businesses are great. But when you put all these together into one package and you're able to walk into a customer with a complete solution, they're truly world-class and something nobody else can deliver. So you're right, when we go in and we talk to somebody about autonomous driving in general, whether it's Level 2 bots, Level 3, Level 4, or Level 5, we bring with us a suite of products, depending on what kind of architecture. And what we're seeing is different OEMs, different customers thinking about those architectures even differently across that spectrum. Some are thinking but by Level 5, I think my skills will be up. I want a closed system. I want to have much more control of the software. So we have a set of solutions we bring to them there. Some of them want to have more FPGAs for how they bring their software down onto the silicon earlier on. But what we're able to do is bring our modems. We shipped, and we mentioned it in the release, our first automotive modem. So we're able to bring automotive modems all the way through 5G. Most of these car companies are having to build data centers, and not just data centers, centralized data centers, but really a data center architecture that goes all the way out with data and compute at the edge. You're going to want to be able to manipulate and transfer mapping, high-precision mapping, to the cars and data back from the cars to change those maps' construction and things like that. So we're building that architecture, and we have the products and the talent to uniquely work with them all through that infrastructure. And then you get out to the car again and we can bring the FPGAs, the Mobileye for sensor fusion or compute. We can put Xeons in there. And each one of these discussions, they're all a bit different. They all have multiple phases as you go through 3, 4, and 5 on the levels. And what we're able to do is say you don't have to just take this one solution. This is not the only solution there is. What would you like to do? What best solves your problem in the most cost-effective, lowest power, efficient way? How much work do you want us to do in software and development versus how much work do you want to own and have IP within your company? And that's changing, as we said, over time. And that's part of also why we're building out that 100-car fleet. Amnon [Shashua] really has driven a vision that says it's one thing to bring foils to a meeting. It's another thing to bring a car and say now let's go out and drive and show you how all of these fit together. So all of that is – this package that we have is unique and it's resonating quite well as we walk in to the various car OEMs. And I'm out there with them in various modes almost every week, every other week. Amnon is out. We're all talking about a complete package.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Matt, and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp. Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2017 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, Crystal, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation, which replaces the CFO commentary that we've previously provided. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available via the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. Q2 was an outstanding quarter in which we set a number of records. We beat the expectations we set in April, primarily as a result of stronger desktop and notebook microprocessor volume, and set a second quarter revenue record. We're executing well to our priorities, and after adjusting for the McAfee transaction, revenue grew 14% year over year while non-GAAP operating margin grew 30%. Our data-centric businesses were up 16% year over year. Technology and performance leadership are fueling our results. And in Q2, we extended our leadership with new breakthrough products in client computing, the data center and memory. With industry-leading products and strong first half results, we're on a clear path for another record year. As we shared in February and reinforced in April, our strategy is to make Intel the driving force of the data revolution across technologies and industries. I outlined our top four priorities for the year in support of that strategy: growing the data center and adjacencies, ensuring a strong and healthy PC business, growing IoT and devices and executing flawlessly in memory and FPGAs. I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight our progress in Q2. First, DCG. The Data Center business grew 9% in Q2 and remains on track to high single digit growth for the year. Strong public cloud growth continued, with revenue up 35%. Enterprise was down 11%, as workloads continued to migrate to the cloud and memory and solid-state drive constraints impacted server deployments. Comm service provider revenue was up 17%, while adjacencies, which serve all customer segments, rose 12%. Cloud and comm service provider together are the growth engine in the data center, and together now make up nearly 60% of DCG's revenue. In 5G we're demonstrating end to end leadership in client and infrastructure. We have five ongoing trials with leading global service providers and 15 more in the pipeline. And we're on track with our development of IA, FPGA and ASIC silicon platforms based on new radio standards. Earlier this month, we launched Xeon Scalable, formerly known as Skylake and with it, the industry's biggest platform advancement in a decade. Using Xeon Scalable, our customers have already achieved over 50 third-party verified performance world records and are seeing more than 1.6x performance increase over our prior generation product across a wide range of real world workloads. For example, the new AVX-512 instructions double floating point performance, benefiting use cases like HPC, VR and AI. In fact, artificial intelligence inference throughput improves by 2.4x gen to gen. And when this silicon innovation is combined with our AI software frameworks optimizations, customers like Amazon Web Services are seeing inference performance improvements of more than 100x. The enthusiasm for Xeon Scalable resulted in our largest early ship program ever. We delivered more than 500,000 units to over 30 customers who appreciate outright performance leadership. The data center is central to our strategy and is a remarkable opportunity. By 2021 we expect the data center to be a $65 billion silicon opportunity, and we're less than 40% of the total available segment today. As we build out the adjacencies like Ethernet, Silicon Photonics and 3D XPoint memory and pull them all together with rack scale design, we'll be positioned to deliver even higher levels of performance and efficiency to our customers and increase our percentage of the total TAM. The Client Computing Group also delivered fantastic results. Revenue was up 12% over last year as product leadership combined with a disciplined segmentation strategy led to rising Core mix. We along with our customers and partners in the PC supply chain are driving the evolution of the PC experience, as users seek out high performance and new form factors. We launched the powerful new Intel Core X-series processor family including a new Core i9 Extreme Edition processor, extending our performance leadership. And we'll be shipping our first 10-nanometer products near the end of the year beginning with a lower volume SKU and followed by multiple SKUs and a volume ramp in the first half of 2018. We've seen some modest improvements in the PC consumption but we continue to expect a mid single digit TAM decline for the full year. We also began shipping our next generation 4G LTE modem known as the 7480 to customers. As I mentioned earlier, we're continuing to make great progress with our wireless ecosystem, laying the groundwork for 5G, and starting in 2018, Intel will partner on what is expected to be the first 5G showcase at the Olympic games. In our Internet of Things business, we're focused on four key verticals, retail, video, industrial and transportation. We saw strong growth across all four, leading to a 26% increase in revenue. We're specifically excited to see the ramp of our IVI designs with both Jaguar Land Rover and Toyota. We're also about to mark a very important milestone in our transformation. We expect to close the acquisition of Mobileye in the third quarter, several months earlier than expected. Autonomous driving is a massive compute workload that will disrupt industries and save lives and we are investing to win in this important segment. I'm excited to welcome the Mobileye team to Intel. Together, we expect to be the global leader in the $70 billion autonomous driving systems, data and services market opportunity by accelerating auto industry innovation and delivering cloud to car solutions faster and at a lower cost. And we're looking forward to talking with you in more detail about our plans and the progress we're making in this segment later this quarter. Memory and FPGAs round out our priorities for the year. Our memory business grew 58% over last year, setting an all-time revenue record. A cornerstone for our strategy in this segment is differentiated technology. And that differentiation was on display earlier this month when we announced availability of the industry's first, and to date only, 64-layer 3D NAND SSDs. Our floating gate architecture already enabled industry-leading density at 32 layers. And we believe our density lead is even greater at 64. We also shipped more than 200,000 units of our revolutionary Optane memory for clients, which are available via our OEM partners and channel partners and have more than 50 data center customers testing Optane SSDs currently which will ship for revenue this year, Optane DIMMs remaining on track for availability next year. Our memory factory, Fab 68, continues to exceed expectations, ramping ahead of schedule in terms of both output and yield. This will be a big part of our overall supply growth in the second half, which we expect to be greater than 20%. The combination of strong execution and favorable market conditions is accelerating our path to profitability. Core NAND returned to profitability this quarter ahead of our earlier estimate and we expect it to remain profitable for the balance of the year. We also now expect the entire NSG segment to be profitable for the full year of 2018 versus our prior end of 2018 target. Lastly, our FPGA business was down 5% over last year on weaker data center and comms sectors, but remains on track to our mid single digit growth target for the full year, with broad reacceleration in the second half across markets, including the Data Center segment. At their Build Conference in May, Microsoft disclosed a major advancement in the deployment of Intel FPGAs resulting in the industry's fastest public cloud network and new technology for acceleration of deep neural networks. Audi selected Intel for the Level 3 autonomous driving system in its upcoming A8 where our Cyclone V SoC FPGA technology will perform object and map fusion as well as parking pilot and sensor data pre-processing. We're also seeing strong adoption of our 14-nanometer Stratix 10 FPGAs. We continue to gain key design wins in our focus segments, and we're on track to production later this year. To sum it up, I'm very pleased with our progress, and I'm more confident than ever in Intel's future and growth. Based on our strong first half and higher expectations for the PC business and the expected close of Mobileye, we're raising our full-year revenue forecast from $60 billion to $61.3 billion and our non-GAAP EPS forecast from $2.85 to $3.00. We continue to see intense competition across our businesses. That's the reality of the attractive markets in which we participate. The competition makes us stronger, and we're ready for it. We're executing well to our strategy to transform from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company that powers the cloud and billions of smart and connected devices. The PC TAM is down more than 15% versus four years ago. Despite that headwind, our revenue is up more than 15% and our operating profit has grown more than 30%. More than 40% of our revenue now comes from our data-centric businesses outside the PC sector. And those businesses together are growing at double-digit rates. And while we're growing the top line, we're intensely focused on operating efficiency. We now expect spending as a percent of revenue to decline about 160 basis points versus last year, bringing it below 34%, on track to the 30% goal we're committed to, to hit by 2020. And with that, I'd like to hand it over to Bob.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon. Like Brian said, we had an outstanding quarter and executed on several important milestones. Revenue was $14.8 billion, up 14% year over year excluding the Intel Security Group. From an earnings perspective, operating income was $4.2 billion, up 30% year over year, and EPS of $0.72 was up 22% year over year. Our EPS performance was the result of strong top line growth, good gross margin improvement, and excellent spending leverage. From a capital allocation perspective, we generated $4.7 billion in cash flow from operations, returned $2.6 billion to shareholders, and have capital in place to fund the Mobileye acquisition. The planned acquisition of Mobileye, which will fuel our growth in the automotive segment, is expected to close in Q3, well ahead of our schedule. At our Analyst Day in February, we talked about our strategy to transform from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company, a company well positioned to power the cloud and the billions of smart and connected devices. Our Q2 results demonstrate its continued momentum in our transformation, with the data-centric businesses, those outside of the PC segment, up 16% year over year. Our PC-centric business executed extremely well in a declining market and was up 12%. Our data-centric businesses are more than 40% of the company's overall revenue. Moving to earnings, we are seeing broad growth across the business, driving 4 points of operating margin leverage and 22% EPS growth year over year. Earnings growth is driven by strong top line growth for both the PC and data-centric businesses, improving unit costs with 14-nanometer ramp, and gains from a sale of a portion of our equity investment in ASML. On our Q1 earnings call, Brian and I talked about our commitment to achieving spending target of approximately 30% of revenue no later than 2020. We made great progress in the second quarter, as total spending was down 330 basis points year over year. We've continued investments in our key priorities, including artificial intelligence, autonomous driving, and Moore's Law, while at the same time capturing benefits of our previously announced restructuring program and significant leverage from strong top line growth. R&D spending was down 1 point, and our SG&A costs were down 2.2 points. On a full-year basis, we expect direct spending to be below 34%, approximately 0.5 point better than our prior guidance. Let me touch briefly on our segment performance on slide 5. The Client Computing Group had another outstanding quarter. Revenue of $8.2 billion was up 12% year over year. Client ASPs were up 8% year over year, as we continue to see strength in our gaming segment and strong Core mix. We also continue to see the worldwide supply chain operate at healthy levels. This segment had another quarter of significant profit growth, with operating profit growing 58% from a year ago. And the business continues to execute and benefit from continued improvements in 14-nanometer unit costs, richer product mix, and lower spending. Moving to slide 6, the Data Center Group had revenue of $4.4 billion, up 9% year over year. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.7 billion, down 6% year over year. As Brian mentioned earlier, we had strong growth in both the comms and cloud service provider segments, which are nearly 60% of our DCG revenue. Operating margin percent was impacted by increased technology development costs and higher artificial intelligence and adjacency spending. Versus the first quarter, our revenue accelerated 3% and our operating margin improved by 3 points. We are on track to our full-year guide of revenue growth in the high single digits and operating margin of over 40% for the full year. The IoT, NSG, and PSG business segments are well positioned to capitalize on the explosion of data and are becoming a larger component of our overall business, growing 28% year over year. Our Internet of Things business achieved revenue of $720 million, growing 26% year over year, driven by strength in industrial and video and continued momentum in our automotive business. Operating profit was $139 million, up 56% year over year on higher volume and ASPs offset by continued investment in automotive. Our memory business had record revenue of $874 million, up 58% year over year, with strong demand from data center SSD solutions and demand signals outpacing supply. This segment had an operating loss of $110 million, largely driven by costs associated with 3D XPoint and start-up costs for our memory capacity. Our memory fab in Dalian continues to make great progress and is ramping several weeks ahead of schedule. Yields continue to improve and unit costs are well ahead of expectations. The core NAND business returned to profitability in the second quarter, and we expect the core NAND business to be profitable for the full year and the memory business as a whole to be profitable in 2018, both ahead of our prior estimates. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $440 million, down 5% year over year. Operating profit was $97 million, flat year over year after acquisition-related impacts. We're making good progress in realizing cost synergies with the integration of this business. Moving to slide 8, let me remind you of our capital allocation priorities and progress. Our priorities, first, invest in the business; second, strategic acquisitions; and third, return cash to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. As I mentioned earlier, in the quarter, we generated $4.7 billion of cash from operations. We purchased $2.8 billion in capital assets, paid $1.3 billion in dividends and repurchased about $1.3 billion of stock. In addition, we received cash of approximately $900 million as a portion of our Intel Security divestiture. And we generated approximately $1.3 billion from the sales of some of our interest in ASML, which generated $796 million of pre-tax gains. At quarter end, cash and long-term investments was $34 billion, up $11 billion, and total debt was $32 billion. Offshore cash investments and proceeds from the sale of our ASML investments are being used to fund the Mobileye acquisition. Now, let me turn to guidance on slide 9. Some context. First, while we see slightly higher PC TAM and supply chain inventory replenishment contributing to higher expectations for annual revenue, we continue to take a more cautious view of PC consumption versus third-party analysts. Second, we continue to see strong demand signals in our memory business through the year, and we expect memory fab in Dalian to support higher second half demand levels. And third, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to close the acquisition of Mobileye in the third quarter, and as such, are including expectations for this business into our guidance. Based on these factors, we are raising our full year revenue guidance by $1.3 billion to $61.3 billion, operating income guidance by $600 million to $17.9 billion, and EPS guidance by $0.15 to $3 per share. The improvement in revenue outlook is driven by a strong first half, higher expectations of the PC business and the inclusion of Mobileye. The improvement in operating margin is primarily driven by our increased revenue outlook. Our outlook for full year spending is $20.7 billion as we expect modest increases related to revenue growth and the integration of Mobileye. The increase in EPS is driven by higher expectations of revenue, coupled with gains on sale of our equity investments and the inclusion of Mobileye. We expect Mobileye to contribute approximately $200 million of revenue, $100 million of operating income, and $0.02 of EPS in the second half of the year. And on slide 11 (sic) [10], as we look to the third quarter of 2017, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $15.7 billion, up 3% year-over-year excluding Intel Security Group. And we expect operating income of $4.8 billion and EPS to be approximately $0.80. 2017 is shaping up to be another record year for Intel. We feel great about where we are six months into our three-year transformation. We exceeded our EPS expectations for Q2, and increased our profit expectations for the full year. At the same time, we are investing to compete and win in an expanding market fueled by the growth of data. We are already seeing an impact from our data-centric oriented businesses, up double digits collectively, as we continue to transform the company from a PC-centric company to a company of smart and connected devices that power the cloud. With that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right, thank you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and a follow up, if you have one. Crystal, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question and nice results. I was curious on the data center business, maybe you can talk about the growth you they sequentially in the back half to get to that high single digits for the year. Maybe you can just talk about it by segment. I know cloud was up a lot in Q2, enterprise down. Talk about it by segment as well as the contribution from Scalable into those segments. What's the right timing to think about as those ramp in?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Blayne, for the question. So I'll start and Bob can add some comments at the end. We think the data center continues to be just a great growth engine for the company. And you saw the 9% growth this quarter. What we have really been also focusing on at the same time is really increasing operating margin, and I want to make that point. You saw our operating margin increase to 38% this quarter. You'll see us continue to raise that operating margin so that we're back at the 40% plus operating margin for the back half and for the year. So first wanted to lay that groundwork. What we've projected for the second half is quarters that are pretty much in line. We continue to expect enterprise to continue to decline. It declined a bit more in the second quarter than I think we had really projected. It declined at about 11%. But if you look at Q1, it declined a little less than we expected at 3%. But we still expect it to decline in those high single digit numbers. Cloud though, and grew greater than we what expected at 36%. We expect it to be in the mid 20s, probably more likely. And then networking and comms, 17% and the adjacencies at 12%. So we expect that trend to continue. We don't need any big shifts in those trends to really get to that high single digit growth rate for the data center. We talked about Xeon Scalable. The initial reaction has been extremely positive. You see the largest number of prequalification samples sent out to customers. You see the cloud applications. We try to talk about it's the largest performance improvement in a decade, gen to gen. So we're seeing a very large ramp in the second half as we move on with the Xeon Scalable. And so I think that's what's going to fuel second half 2017, and then but it's going to continue on into 2018 as well. So I think that's how we see the second half playing out.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, and then -
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing I would add, Brian, is we came into the year looking at high single digit growth for the business and margins expanding quarter by quarter throughout the year, and two months in we see nice acceleration on both top and bottom line. And as we go into the second half of the year, we're comfortable with the full year outlook that we've given. And the only dynamic other than the things Brian highlighted is Q3 comps are a little tougher as we go into the second half of the year, but we feel good about the mix of the business as we go through 2017 and beyond. Just to reiterate a point Brian said, with the strong cloud growth and the strong performance in the comms and networking space, we now generate 60% of our revenues from the higher growth aspects of the business. So we think that bears well for us in 2017 but also going into 2018 and beyond.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then I did want to ask you on the memory side, you looking for breakeven next year. What is driving that? Obviously, memory pricing has been strong, but I was just wondering if there's any other factors you're now adding into that outlook?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So let's make sure we clarify, right, so on traditional NAND, we are breakeven this year. And we broke even actually this quarter, and we expect to remain there the rest of the year. When we talk about for next year, that's inclusive of 3D XPoint. And so the difference is really as we ramp products on through the XPoint and as we ramp out the rest of Fab 68, both of those. Whenever you're ramping a factory, because you have a certain amount of underutilization of the equipment just as you start to get it going, you tend to have slightly higher costs. And so that's what you see as the driver for the rest of the profitability growth as we go into next year. I want to also say that the 64-tier NAND products gives us a cost and performance advantage just because they're leading edge products as well that is going to play into as we move through the remainder of this year and next year. So it's 64-tier products on traditional NAND, the ramp-out of Fab 68, and then the real startup and continuation in getting the rest of the products qualified on 3D XPoint is what gets us – everything profitable next year.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks for letting me ask a question. Brian, I wanted to follow up the data center side that Blayne just asked about and get a little bit more color about the acceleration on the cloud side and the deceleration on the enterprise side. If you could give any more color on why you think those were at the extremes and why do you think they normalize going forward, it would be helpful.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: I don't want to say that they're going to "normalize". In fact, there's not going to be a major shift. The trend of – look, enterprise is going to continue to decline. We estimate, and again, this is just based on what we get from our customers, talking to the industry. It's going be in the high single-digit decline. I think you'll see quarters like Q2 that was 11%. You'll see quarters like Q1 that were 3% or 4%. We've seen quarters higher than the 11% over the last couple years. So it's going be lumpy as we see this shift, but the overall macro shift of enterprise to cloud or traditional on-prem systems to cloud is going to continue. I think we'll also see, we still again, talking to our partners, thinking that mid-20% for cloud growth, but I think we'll see quarters like this quarter that was a little bit high. Other quarters we've had in the past have been more in line. So I don't think we're talking about something going normalizing. I'd say it's still going to stay relatively lumpy like this. But if you look at it over the long haul, even when you look at the first half of the year, 11% down this quarter, 3% down last quarter, you take a look at those on average and you get to that high single-digit number. So I still feel like that's going to be roughly about where it goes down, and then the cloud will continue to grow at that rate plus additional as more of the growth goes into the cloud.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing I'd add, Brian, is the supply/demand imbalance of SSDs in the quarter we believe had an impact on the enterprise sector. And as that supply/demand imbalance normals out, we think that will help. But all that being said, the trends Brian highlighted is still how we see the workloads playing out over time.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's very helpful. I guess for my follow-up if I can shift gears over to the margin side of things, and specifically the fall-through. It was great to see that you guys beat your OpEx guidance for the second quarter. As we think about the full year with revenues going up, why isn't gross margin changing at all? And then the OpEx increase ex-Mobileye, is that just the variable comp that comes in with bonuses et cetera, or is there something else in that roughly $150 million increase to your spending line?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Just on the second one first, the short answer is yes. The combination of the incremental growth and the addition of Mobileye are the primary drivers for the slightly higher spend. Your initial comment on flow-through, to put it into context, from where we were in January, our full-year outlook, the revenue is up roughly $1.8 billion. And with that $1.8 billion, there will be roughly $200 million of costs, primarily Mobileye. So in context, we feel like we're managing the cost and spending side of the business effectively as we position to a 30% spending of revenue by 2020 at the latest. In terms of the gross margin dynamics, I think the trends that you've seen over the last couple quarters we expect to continue through the year. And it's really ASP improvements, good unit cost performance, volume leverage through the fab working in our favor. And on the flip side, the strong growth of the memory and the modem business and the ramp costs for 10-nanometer are partial offsets. Those dynamics are what has driven the strong gross margins in the 63% range in the first half, and we expect those same dynamics to play out in the second half as well.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Brian, for my first one, my question is on the competitive landscape in the data center. There's been a lot of discussion about AMD perhaps posing more competition than it has in the last several years. And I appreciate it's early days and you have a very strong product out, but are you hearing about them more in your customer conversations? Is that a more real threat than it has been in the past? Because they did have an event, they did show up with 10-plus potential customers. And in some of the benchmark data, they are showing some performance that is perhaps better at a lower price. So how real is that competition and how are you reacting to it?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, Vivek. I think in general, we see competition across almost every one of our platforms, whether it be in the data center or in the client business, and it's come from a variety of sources. You're right, AMD has raised up a bit with their more recent products, but you see us responding. This is a traditional performance battle that we're very accustomed to, and we're comfortable in reacting and competing very aggressively in. And so you see us coming out with our Xeon Scalable. You'll see us make maneuvers like we accelerate our Core i9 products, which are all the way up to 18 thread systems on the client based products. So I'd tell you that yes, we're seeing increased competitive pressure from a variety of places. But that actually will just drive us even harder, make us better in the end. And we're comfortable that we can make the right products to deliver the right performance against those.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And as my follow-up, Brian, if you could give us a little bit more color on your 10-nanometer progress. What is the timing of products around that node? And as part of that, if Bob could remind us how the CapEx and depreciation and OpEx for that node are flowing through the financials. Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, so on 10-nanometers we are sampling, engineering samples to customers currently. The yields on 10-nanometers are continuing to improve pretty much right in line with the forecasted ramp rates. It's a new technology, so you always have some problems to get solved but we're pretty comfortable with where we're at right now. Like we said in the earnings script, we are set to qualify the first production products right towards the end of the year. You'll see those start to ship in the first half of next year and you'll see a ramp of SKUs. One of the things we're seeing is each one of these technologies, and actually products that we generate, we're generating quite a few more SKUs, Vivek. And so you'll see a variety of SKUs progressing through 2018 as we ramp the 10-nanometer products, starting with the, I'll call it, more simpler SKUs at the beginning, going all the way through the high performance, high complexity SKUs towards the middle and back half of the year. Which is it's a traditional ramp like you see us push out on a new product ramp.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: And then just in terms of the capital, yes, just as a reminder, our full year outlook for CapEx is roughly $12 billion. We did indicate that approximately $2.5 billion of that would be for memory. So underlying that, you have $9.5 billion dollars CapEx for the logic business. For 10-nanometer and specifically you have TD lines and pilot lines going in this year and beginning to scale as we match the capacity with the production that scales in the first half and second half of next year. So that's reflected in the CapEx guide and the depreciation guide that we gave you earlier in the year and that hasn't really changed.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question on the trajectory of data center growth into the second half. And to be honest, I'm still wondering why you don't think you can do better than high single digits. I mean I know you're calling out the tough comp in Q3 but it's only like 10%, right, which is roughly in line with full year guide and it's below the longer-term CAGR. So you're going to see comps at that level or higher kind of into perpetuity. I guess why call that out as an excuse? And what are the issues in terms of hoping and driving for a bigger lift in the second half versus what you're still currently guiding for with the Skylake-SP launch on its way?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So I think, Stacy, first, we're quite proud of the growth rate we're seeing and especially the growth rates in the growth segments. We're forecasting mid 20s for the cloud business, the networking and storage business and adjacencies on down. What we're having to counter is not only the comps that Bob talked about, but the declining function of the enterprise, right. And so those two things counter those growth rates. Now, as the enterprise continues to shrink, it will become less and less moving forward. So we agree that over time, this will become a smaller and smaller impact to the growth rates. But right now, it's still a large enough percentage. It weighs on our ability to get the growth rate higher.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes, and I would, if I sounded like I was giving an excuse, I maybe should just correct that. We feel great about where we are, first half up 7%, full year up high single digits, profit expanded during the course of the year and continuing to win in those segments of the market that have differentiated growth rates. So six months into the year, we feel good about where we are and we're excited about the new product that we launched.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. For my follow-up, on the PC side of things, I know you said that the channel's healthy, but it sounds like you also had channel fill in the quarter and it's also included in the guide going forward. So, I guess if the channel's healthy, why is there inventory filling up and what does that imply as we kind of get through the year and look into next year for the likely trajectory of your products' sales into that market?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: I think as we look at kind of the quarter performance – well, I should start with kind of the TAM overall, and Brian highlighted this in the prepared remarks. We have assumed that PC TAM will continue to decline in the mid single digits for the full year, and on the margin, that might be a little better today than it was six months ago. But we're not counting on a dramatic change in the PC TAM consumption for the year. That being said, we've taken up our guidance quite a bit. So in that, there's a stronger Q2 performance with a little bit of more healthy inventory channels as we go into the second half of the year. So, if the inventory was maybe a little bit leaner over the last three to four quarters, I think we'd characterize them in the healthy level now. And we think the ecosystem is building for a second half that's consistent with our outlook for PC TAM.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And it needs to build inventory to do that?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Say it again.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And it needs to build inventory to do that?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: I think the inventory levels, as we see it in the channel, is slightly higher than the lean levels they've been for the last couple quarters, but no dramatic difference from our perspective on how we see PC TAM for the full year.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on the solid results. Brian, I apologize if I missed this in your prepared comments. My first question is just around pricing in DCG. It was down about 1% sequentially. There's always a lot of mix things there. You usually have some commentary about ASPs per bucket. Were they still strong? And I guess more importantly, as you think about the product launches in the back half of the year, at least some of our initial checks are suggesting that the customers are kind of chomping at the bit to buy higher up into the stack, which could drive some good ASPs. Can you talk about your expectations around ASPs and/or attach rates for adjacency data center businesses with the launch of the Xeon Scalable?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, John. So we expect the second half of 2017, from an ASP perspective, to be pretty much what you've seen in the past, where ASPs continue to increase on the various platforms of Xeon, right. So looking at each one, you'll see ASPs overall increasing. What you're seeing on this is a little bit of mix, right, so as you saw, networking and storage grow at 17%, the adjacencies at 12%. Those are starting to become a little bit more a percentage of that business and those draw down the overall ASPs a little bit. But if you look within just the Xeon core function, those ASPs continue to increase at about the normal rates that you'd expect, especially as you move into a new architecture like Xeon Scalable.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And then for my follow-on, just turning to the Client Compute Group, your ability to sort of segment that market and drive higher mix has been sort of a multiyear endeavor with a lot of success. What inning do you think you guys are in in that process, especially with AMD coming to market with new products? Is there still a mix, a potential story here, and what would drive that?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: I actually think there is. So I think if you take a look at this, John, what's driven this has not been clever segmentation necessarily. It's been the ability to segment into specific markets and specific performance. And so things like Core i9 are a good example where you're really targeting performance. And so what I believe is that what the growth areas in the client space, gaming, virtual reality, thin and light, they're requiring performance and power. And remember those are always somewhat tradeable as you take a look at this. And so those trends are going to continue, and that's why that's as we talked about, how do you feel about competition, where do you see competition playing. We believe our leadership and performance will continue to allow that trend to continue and continue to allow the trend within CCG to continue as well. And that's part of what drove the forecast for the second half.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Nomura Securities. Your line is open.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: Yes. Thanks so much for letting me ask a question. It looks like this is the fifth consecutive quarter that CCG beat expectations. Revenues were up 12%, and I think there's a debate out there as to whether or not you deserve credit for this performance with skeptics really pointing to sustainability more than anything else. And when you break down that 12% as you guys mentioned, ASPs are a big part of the increase. My question is, as you look at the mix in that business overall, is there room to drive ASPs higher and effectively capture more value inside of the PC TAM?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So, yes is the simple answer, Romit. Remember this isn't necessarily us raising prices. So it's not we're out there going and saying okay, I'm going to charge $10 more for the next Core i7. It's actually the percentage of units that are being bought at those higher units, and we continue to deliver higher performance at the same price with each one of these generations. So what you're seeing is actually an overall trend that, yes, units are down. We talked about that, both I and Bob, around TAM being down somewhere in that low to mid-single-digit range. And that's pretty much in line with what I'm seeing third parties here. Some third parties are a little bit better than that. But for the most part, we're within a couple of percent. But yes, we believe that there is room for continued demand, for movement upwards. So the number of Core i7s. the number of Core i9s, the number of people buying the performance thin and light laptops, those are going to continue. And you see it in our OEM partners and the type of systems they are producing and the type of systems they're bringing to market. Now they are targeting that more and more as well.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: You guys...
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing I would add is, again, we have a business that has a declining market. It's growing not by raising prices, but to Brian's point by a market that increasingly values performance. And the operating margins of the business for the first half of the year were up over 50%. So this team through its segmentation is executing extremely well. And then as we mentioned earlier, with that great margin performance, we are redeploying our resources to invest in these data-centric set of businesses that have high growth characteristics that collectively were up 16% again in the quarter. And through this journey of a PC TAM decline, we have a bigger business, a stronger business, and a more profitable business with an increasing portion, over 40%, coming from high-growth oriented businesses, so great performance in a declining market. Continuing to invest in it and reallocate across our portfolio, and feel good about the portfolio we have, and with the addition of Mobileye as we head into the second half of the year.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: And in terms like, you obviously provide ASPs for CCG, but is the Core mix as a percentage of units a metric that we should be focusing on? And if I remember correctly, that percentage was close to 70%. I'm curious where it is today.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: It's continuing to climb. It is, but don't forget even within that Core mix, Romit, you have the ability to continue to scale up. So Core i3 versus Core i5 versus Core i7 and now we've introduced the Core i9, which is even higher performance.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: Okay.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So we saw early on people choosing Core over Pentium or Atom, for example, and you saw the Core mix move up. You're now seeing not only that continue to climb, but you're going to see within Core the amount of Core i7s, Core i9s, Core i5s continue to climb as well.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: Got it.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: And that's why we continue to see that there are legs behind this. And you said are we getting credit for this, so we don't think when you look overall this business, last year's performance with great growth in all of the segments. You look at this year's performance so far in the first half and our projections now in the second half, we think that our ability to segment, to drive better operating margin, and to continue to drive performance into the PC and keep it more and more profitable while we invest and grow these other businesses, we think that there's an option around Intel that is quite good.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Romit.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International: Got it, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: And, operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the solid execution. In DCG, you guys are probably full throttle from a manufacturing perspective for Xeon Scalable or Skylake in the June quarter. But my question is how much of the data center growth in June was the initial production revenue shipments of Xeon Scalable to your customers, or did that contribute just very little to the June quarter mix?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Okay. Yes, it's very little. We don't give out exact percentages by SKU like that. But I can genuinely tell you that it is really just the beginning of the ramp of the Xeon Scalable. And so its impact into Q2 was minimal at best. What you'll see is, as it ramps into the second half, it becomes a higher and higher percentage, and really the big volume is going be 2018. So that's when it really takes over from the way the data center looks from a revenue and profit standpoint. What we're excited about is we talked about the 500,000 units that are out there. That was the highest number of pre-samples. That shows you the demand by the big infrastructure guys around the performance. They were willing to take the product even before, quote, we were ready to start shipping it. And then the number of records we've broken already in performance, we talked about 50 records worldwide already. Those are laying the groundwork for how this ramp is going look and feel as we move into the second half and into 2018.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights there. And good to see the profitability in the NAND segment. In enterprise SSD, I think you guys are still number two global market share leader there. And it looks like based on the first half performance, you guys are outpacing the market. So I guess the question is where is the team winning. Is it high capacity? Is it high performance for these enterprise and cloud drives? And similar to maybe some of your peers, is the team currently capacity constrained?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So our whole strategy around the memory is that we are focused on differentiation and performance and specifically around supporting the data center. We do sell into client as well but that's not the main focus of this business. And so I'd tell you when we talk about our growth and when we talk about our projections for the rest of this year and why we're investing in the future, that 64-tier NAND gives us the ability to be a better cost but the high performance end. So we're not going after commodity SSDs that you're going to see even in high-end workstations necessarily. It's really focused towards the data center products. Even still, there's not all SSDs and data centers are high-end performance. So we're comfortable with where we are in a market share. We want to balance those investments against the demand for these high performance areas and make sure we keep that in balance. And our real goal is then to move more and more of the business towards the 3D XPoint as we move into next year because that really differentiates us again as we really change the hierarchy between memory and storage as the data center DIMM memory systems come out.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Harlan.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right. Thank you all for joining us today. Crystal, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp. Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, Crystal, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they are available on our Investor Website intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we'll be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. And finally, I'd like to draw your attention to a change we've made to our guidance practices for the current quarter and full year. Beginning with today's earnings release for the first quarter of 2017, our business outlook will speak only as of the date of our quarterly earnings releases, bringing our practices in line with virtually all of our peers. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. The first quarter marked a great start to the year coming off both Q4 and full-year records in 2016. Q1 revenue was up 7% over the first quarter of last year, a record Q1. And operating margin was up 20%. It was another milestone in our transformation from a PC-centered company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart and connected devices. Average selling prices, or ASPs, grew meaningfully across our PC, data center and IoT business, reflecting the market's demand for performance and our segmentation strategy, and our memory business set an all-time record revenue. At our investor meeting in February, I outlined our strategy to make Intel the driving force of the data revolution across technologies and industries. I also detailed our top four priorities for the year: growing the data center and adjacencies, ensuring a strong and healthy PC business, growing IoT and devices, and executing flawlessly in memory and FPGAs. That's the framework we're using to measure our success throughout the year, and I'd like to take a few minutes to assess our progress so far. First the data center and its adjacencies. DCG grew 6% year over year despite a headwind resulting from a 14-week first quarter last year. The cloud service provider revenue was up 18%. The comms service provider segment was up 12%. And enterprise was down 3%, while non-CPU adjacencies grew more than 20% across all of the segments. Data center microprocessor ASPs were up in total across every product line, underscoring the market's demand for performance to transmit, aggregate and analyze data. We're also on track for mid-summer launch of our next-generation Skylake microprocessor. Skylake delivers significant performance gains across a wide range of workloads. For example, Skylake will include AVX-512 extensions that will deliver a 2x improvement in floating-point operations per clock over the current generation, a gain that will have an especially high impact on HPC and artificial intelligence workloads. And last month we announced the formation of the Artificial Intelligence Product Group, bringing together all of our AI hardware and software assets and all of our AI engineering expertise across the company into a single group to accelerate our development of a full stack of AI solutions, and explore novel approaches that will shape the next generation of AI products. Second, a strong and healthy Client business. Our annual cadence of product innovation, combined with a thoughtful segmentation strategy, continued to produce strong mix, which drove higher ASPs. This trend, along with our ramping modem business, drove revenue up 6% and operating margin up 60% over last year. Our expectations for the PC unit TAM haven't changed since we last talked with you. We're expecting a mid-single digit percentage decline in the unit TAM. Our ASPs, however, are trending ahead of expectations and are contributing to our slightly higher revenue expectations for the full year. Third, we highlighted the importance of growing the IoT business as we drive, and benefit from the rise of billions of smart and connected devices. IoTG revenue was up 11% year over year, where we saw strength in our industrial, video and automotive segments. We also announced our intention to acquire Mobileye, a highly profitable, fast-growing leader in computer vision for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous driving. The transaction will combine Mobileye's expertise in computer vision with Intel's expertise in high-performance computing, artificial intelligence and connectivity. Together we expect to be the global leader in the $70 billion autonomous driving systems, data and services opportunity by accelerating auto industry innovation and delivering cloud-to-car solutions faster and at a lower cost. And, finally, we emphasized the execution in memory and FPGAs. Our memory business grew 55% year over year in a tight supply environment, while Fab 68, our Dalian factory, continues to ramp 3D NAND production and is delivering outstanding product yields. We also shipped our first Optane SSDs for the data center and our Optane memory solution, which is available online now and in PC OEM systems later this quarter. In our Programmable Solutions Group, revenue declined 7% over the last year after adjusting for acquisition-related accounting charges in the first quarter of 2016. The year-over-year decline was due to weakness in the data center and comm segment, partially offset by growth in industrial and auto and consumer. We also announced an important pilot program with Alibaba Cloud, the cloud computing arm of Alibaba Group, for our cloud-based FPGA acceleration service. We're making good progress against our four top priorities for the year and our transformation goals. We're improving the profitability and health of our PC business. At the same time, our investments in the data center, IoT, memory and FPGAs are paying off with significant combined revenue growth. These are purposeful investments that will position Intel for years to come. At the same time, we recognize that there is an opportunity and a responsibility to be more focused and efficient as a company, a goal we can achieve without compromising our most important investments, our transformation or our future. Focus was one of our objectives in establishing McAfee as an independent cyber-security company just weeks ago. And it is with efficiency in mind that we're making an important commitment to our owners today. We are establishing a spending target of approximately 30% of revenue, which we expect to reach no later than 2020. Following a 1 percentage point improvement from 2015 to 2016, we forecasted additional 1 percentage point improvement in spending in 2017 and we're now expecting to do a little better than that. While we expect revenue growth to a play role in achieving these targets, hitting this goal will require spending discipline and an intense focus on our strategic priorities. To sum up the quarter, we're off to a good start and executing well against our priorities. We're delivering a steady cadence of leading products, a powerful segmentation strategy and growing profitability in our Client business. We're growing our Data Center, IoT, and Memory businesses as customers see data as a competitive advantage and look to Intel as a partner that can help them create, analyze and unlock the value of massive and growing flood of data. And finally, we are committing ourselves to a set of important new productivity goals intended to create value for our owners. With that I'll hand it over to Bob.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Brian. 2016 was a record year for Intel and 2017 is off to a strong start. We executed on several important milestones in the quarter. We delivered on innovative product and technology roadmaps across the business, Fab 68 in Dalian continued its impressive ramp, and Intel's transformation continued with the planned acquisition of Mobileye for autonomous driving and the sale of the Intel Security Group. Revenue was $14.8 billion, up 7% year over year. Operating income was $3.9 billion, up 20% year over year, and earnings per share of $0.66 was up 22% year over year. Our EPS performance was a result of strong top line growth and significant margin expansion. First quarter operating margin was 27%, up 3 points year over year, and gross margin came in at 63% up 0.5 points year over year. Direct spending came in at $5.4 billion, flat year over year and down 2 points as a percent of revenue from 2016 as we continued to execute on our restructuring program. Let me touch briefly on our segment performance. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $8 billion, up 6% year over year. We continue to see the worldwide PC supply chain operate at healthy levels. Client ASPs were up 7% year over year as our segmentation strategies are paying off and core mix continues to be strong. This segment had yet another quarter of significant profit growth with operating profit growing over 60% from a year ago as the business continues to execute and benefit from continued improvements in 14-nanometer unit cost, richer product mix and lower spending, primarily from the Client business having a decreased share of technology development and SG&A allocations. The Data Center Group had revenue of $4.2 billion, up 6% year over year. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.5 billion, down 16% year over year. Operating margin percent was impacted by increased allocation of technology development and SG&A costs, higher product costs as we transition to 14-nanometer and the ramp of adjacency products. Our Internet of Things business achieved revenue of $721 million, growing 11% year over year driven by strength in the industrial and video segments and continued momentum in our automotive business. Operating profit for the business was $105 million, down 15% year over year from increased investments in autonomous driving and increased allocation of SG&A and technology development spending. Our Memory business had record revenue of $866 million, up 55% year over year with strong demand for data center SSD solutions and demand signals outpacing supply. We continue to make outstanding progress ramping Fab 68 with yields and unit costs well ahead of expectations. This segment had an operating loss of $129 million, largely driven by costs associated with 3D XPoint and startup costs for our memory capacity. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $425 million. Operating profit was $92 million, flat year over year after adjusting for acquisition related impacts. Our Intel Security Group business had revenue of $534 million and operating profit was $95 million. Consistent with our prior guidance the Intel Security transaction closed at the beginning of the second quarter. Let me remind you of our capital allocation priorities and our progress. First, invest in our business, second, strategic acquisitions and third, return cash to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. In the quarter we generated $3.9 billion of cash from operations. We repurchased $2 billion in capital assets, paid $1.2 billion in dividends, increased the dividend by 5% and repurchased about $1.2 billion of stock. In addition, we generated approximately $400 million from the sale of some of our interests in ASML, which generated $235 million of pre-tax gains. At quarter end, cash other long-term investments was $23.7 billion, up $600 million. Total debt was $25.8 billion. Today we announced an increase in our share buyback authorization by $10 billion. Currently, we have approximately $15 billion authorization. We expect to continue to offset dilution from our stock-based programs and opportunistically reduce our outstanding share count over time. Now let me turn to guidance. First, some context. First, while we see strong momentum and Client ASPs contributing to slightly higher expectations of revenue for the year, we continue to take a more cautious view of PC consumption versus third party analysts. We feel great about our annual cadence of product innovations with new product launches planned this year including Skylake for data center, eighth generation core, 64-tier 3D NAND SSDs and further extensions to our Optane product line. Second, we continued to see strong demand signals in our memory business through the year and our Fab 68 in Dalian ramping to be able to supply higher demand levels. Third, the Data Center business has solid momentum with the mid-summer launch of our next-generation Skylake processor. And forth, as I indicated earlier, we completed the sale of the Intel Security Group. We expect to realize a pre-tax gain of approximately $375 million and a tax liability of approximately $850 million. This results in a GAAP tax rate of 39% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 21% in the second quarter. And last, as Brian talked about earlier, we are committed to increasing efficiency as a company and we are making an important commitment to our owners today. We expect to reduce our spending as a percent of revenue by 2 points from 2015 to 2017 and our plans are to continue to drive efficiencies in how we operate the business over time. We are establishing a spending target of approximately 30% of revenue which we expect to reach no later than 2020. As a result, we are raising our full-year revenue guidance by $500 million to approximately $60 billion and our EPS guidance by $0.05 to approximately $2.85 per share. As we look to the second quarter of 2017, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range of $14.4 billion, up 11% year over year excluding Intel Security and up 6% including Intel Security. We expect operating margins to increase by 3 points year over year, gross margins to be up 1 point at approximately 63% and spending to be approximately $5.2 billion, flat year over year. We expect our spending as a percent of revenue to be down 2 points in the first half of the year versus last year, as we make solid progress in increasing efficiency in the company. We expect EPS to be approximately $0.68, up 15% year over year. We feel pretty good about where we are 90 days into our three-year journey. We exceeded our expectations for Q1 and increased our profit expectations for the full year. At the same time, we are investing in the future by expanding our TAM from $45 billion to $220 billion. We are already seeing an impact, with our growth-oriented businesses up double digits collectively as we continue to transform the company from a PC-centric company to a company of smart and connected devices that power the cloud. With that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: All right, think you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Crystal, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. Our first questioner comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The line is open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Brian, I'm curious on the Data Center growth. The growth rate is now below 6% in Q1. Are you still committed to the high single digit growth rate for this year? What will drive it? Is it just some pause ahead of the broader launch of the Skylake servers? If you could just give us some more color about why the growth rate is below trend right now and what will help it get back to trend later in the year and over the next few years.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, Vivek. So the simple answer is absolutely, we're still committed to the high single digit growth for the year. If you take a look at it, as Bob and I both mentioned in the call, when you take a look at Q1 comparatives, one, Q1 of last year was 14 weeks. This year it's a normal 13 weeks. So you add that one extra week; that's a couple of percent that you're competing against in a year-over-year basis. Secondly, Q1 tends to be our lowest quarter in general if you just look at our seasonality in the year for overall revenue and output and growth in the Data Center business. And so as we look out and we see, as you said, the ramp of Skylake in the second half, as we see the normal seasonality, we are absolutely committed to that high single digit growth rate for the rest of the year.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And as my follow-up, the very rich mix in PCs, ASPs were up very strongly. How sustainable is that? And are you seeing any effect of competition from AMD's product launches?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, I'll start. Bob, you may want to jump in. Each quarter we come in here and say we're a little concerned about the sustainability of those high ASPs, and we continue to have that, so we always forecast. If you take a look at what we've forecasted for the remainder of the year, we've forecasted a slight decline in ASPs as we move through the year. Now, that said, we're continuing to improve our road map. We're continuing to pull in products, and the demand for those high-end, high-performance products, from 2-in-1s, gaming, high-end workstations, continues to grow faster than we are even able to project. So right now we've forecasted a slight decline through the rest of the year, but we had strong demand for it in Q1. And we really believe that's a function of our products and our roadmap. From a competition standpoint, we're not seeing anything unusual right now as far as – there's always some level of competition in this market, and I'd tell you for Q1 and our forecast for Q2, we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary from what we normally see.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, the only thing I would add, Brian, is with the ASPs being a little bit stronger than we expected in the first quarter, as we mentioned, we expect full-year revenue to be up $0.5 billion, versus where we were 90 days ago, and I would say one of the contributors to that is how we saw ASP trend in the first quarter of the year.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, in terms of your targeted 30% OpEx ratio by 2020, would love to hear what kind of revenue assumptions you're making as part of hitting that.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So I'll start. First I thought it would be good to give you a little background, right, why do we come out and commit this now, and what's our thinking behind this? And part of it is we had good progress, brought down spending as a percent of revenue about 1% for 2016. We're a quarter in, and we're seeing good progress in our efforts along 2017 of taking it down another slightly more than 1% as we look at this year. And so we just really took a look at, do we think we can maintain that progress and continue to drive efficiencies while driving growth. The growth we've expected is what we talked about in the analyst meeting back in February, which is that mid-single digit type of growth for the overall company, and that's kind of where we're at from a growth perspective. And then the cost reduction and efficiencies are driving the rest of it.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes. And I would just say that our focus is on growing the earnings performance for the company in the short, medium and long term. And what we laid out at Analyst Day, as Brian indicated, was over the next three years, low single digit growth, operating income growing faster than revenue and EPS growing faster than operating income. Against that, we're trying to obviously make revenue grow faster, continue to manage the efficiency in which we operate the company and drive strong earnings growth performance over the short, medium and long term. So the 30% target is consistent with kind of the three-year plan, and we know that there's opportunities for us to be more efficient as we go forward.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: That's very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, was hoping to take a look at Memory. And here would love to hear from you as to how we should think about layering in depreciation from Dalian this year next, and when you would expect to turn a profit on the operating margin line.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yeah, on the depreciation, we kind of implied in our guidance really no change on our depreciation through the course of the year, and what that assumes is roughly $2.5 billion additional CapEx from Memory in the year. In terms of profitability for this year, when we talked to you at Analyst Day, Rob kind of laid out a plan where the core 3D NAND would be profitable in the second half of the year, but our losses for the business would still be roughly in line with where we were in 2016. And that was a function of really three things, good performance on 3D NAND, continuing to ramp Dalian and continuing to invest in our Optane product or 3D XPoint. So those dynamics have us breaking even for the core business in the second half of the year. We said that near the end of 2018 as a whole, the Memory business would be profitable. And to the first quarter, growth was stronger than we expected and performance out of our fab was even better than we expected.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the DCG growth and into your outlook in June, flat or slight growth overall. Is your expectations of the DCG would be similar to that? And then as you look out the whole year, you talked about cloud growth. I know tough compares, but 18%. Just curious, since you've been shipping early to these customers, what would be the timeframe that you would actually see some benefit from Skylake?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, so I'm not exactly sure I completely understood your slight growth. What we said is for DCG as a business, we're in the high single digits growth rate, so we're absolutely committing to that. We talked about the 6% in Q1 and how, as we go through the year, we'll continue to grow. From the standpoint we've been sampling Skylake to the cloud guys now for some period of time. In fact, back into the latter half of last year. But you really don't see the ramp of Skylake in volume at any of the customers, whether it be the cloud guys or the rest of the enterprise and networking and all until the second half. That's really when the volume kicks in on the server side, and that's absolutely what we had forecasted and there's no change in that forecast whatsoever.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then maybe if I could just ask, and I know you don't break it out any more, but just your view on your modem product this year and next, and if you could also maybe opine about your foundry strategy and opportunities there.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, I can start with the modem and Bob can talk about – I'm not going to break it out financially. Bob can talk about, jump on top of this. But for us on our modem, it continues to gain momentum. We've talked about our one large customer, but we continue to get other interest in it. We are on schedule to bring our next generation modem into production in customer qualifications this year and really looking out over time. We have the next several series of modems over the next few years from an LTE perspective. And then we're already working on and believe we're leading, if you looked at our output for the MWC back in February as well, on the 5G side which is both at the modem and back through the base station. And that, we believe, is really the differential that we're able to provide in the communication space is in a space like 5G where the modem and the base station and backhaul is so integrated and so important, we're able to provide that end-to-end solution. From a foundry perspective, we continue to talk to several large customers and as we're able to, we'll talk about volumes and launching of new products. But for right now we're just saying we're continuing to invest and grow that business.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, and the only thing that I would add is the strong CCG revenue growth of 6% in the quarter. As you'll remember, because our first launch client really didn't ramp until the second half of last year, the first half revenue growth for CCG will, particularly because the modem will have a relatively easy comp. So that's a contributor to growth in the first half, and as Brian said, the comps get much tougher in the second half because our one client launched in the second half last year, but given the product we have, we feel relatively good about where we are.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to ask again about this 30% spending target. You guys just had an Analyst Day like two months ago. It seems like something that probably should have been talked about then. So what's changed in the last two months that means you need to roll the target out on today's call? And how should I try to reconcile that target with some of your other commentary at the Analyst Day where you were fairly gung ho about the need to invest to find growth?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So I'll start, Stacy. I think you have to take a look at where we're at. You're kind of asking a couple of questions. So first, from the growth standpoint, our position about investing and continuing to really drive growth is absolutely still just as strong as it was back in February at the Analyst Day. And I'd tell you Q1 is a great example of that, with year over year growth, another record quarter, coming off a record year and raising the year and forecasting another record year. So I feel very good about the investments we've made, both short term, medium term and long term to drive that growth. That said, Bob and I have both been looking at, now how do we do that and also at the same time become more and more efficient. And what we've looked at now is that our performance and becoming more efficient in 2016 and taking about 1% out of our spending as a percent of revenue was very successful. We understand how we did that. As we looked at our first quarter performance and what we believe we can take out for the rest of 2017 is another percent of spending as a percent of revenue, slightly more actually. And then I think one of the things that Bob's really brought in as the CFO is new ways of thinking and new looks at how to continue that trend. And so taking a percent a year or so out of our spending as a percent of revenue is something we think we can go and accomplish while driving that growth. And that is effort that we've spent over the last couple months, really digging into those details. And that's why we felt like it was important we came out now and really said, yes, we are committing to that. We understand the details behind it and we've got a history now that tells us we can say it with confidence.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. For my follow up, I'd like to ask about DCG margins. So they were 35% this quarter. It doesn't sound like there was anything structural like the warranty charge that hit last quarter. This sounds like the drivers around allocation and everything else that you've discussed. But it's still quite a bit lower than I think most would have expected. How should we think about that margin profile trending through the year as the Skylake parts ramp? And do you think for the full year, you'll actually be within the Data Center margin targets that you provided at the Analyst Day?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yes, I would, Stacy, we kind of provided a long-term outlook of 40% to 45% operating margin for DCG.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Long term.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Our expectations for this year were for growth, as Brian indicated earlier, high single digit and at the lower end of that range of the 40% to 45%. In the first quarter, just to be clear, the 9 point drop in margins, 7 points of that is attributed to the fact that DCG is a bigger business, and we've indicated it'll be the first on 7-nanometer and a fast follow on 10-nanometer. As a result, it gets a bigger share of our technology development and our SG&A allocation. So 7 points of the 9% decline are simply a result of how we allocate cost to the business segments. I think in terms of going through the course of the year, the things that are going to change, as Brian indicated, we got strong product offering coming out in the second half of the year. We expect ASPs to improve as we go throughout the year. As you know, the first quarter is always the lower end of margins from a seasonal perspective. And we expect product costs to improve as we continue the transition from 22 to 14 nanometer. So it's in line with our long-term expectations. No change. Our outlook for 2017, no change. The biggest fundamental driver to margin performance is simply the success of the Data Center business in terms of growing, in terms of being a bigger chunk of the overall business, in terms of being a beneficiary of leading-edge technology. It bears 7 points impact because of the higher burden of our allocations on the business. So we feel good on where we are for the quarter and where we're positioned for the full year.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But those allocation charges aren't going to go away anytime soon. It sounds like they're going to hang around for a while, if you're talking about 10 and then 7 nanometer.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, that's true, and that's reflected in our 40% to 45% and our improvement throughout the course of the year.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Bob, maybe just to follow on to Stacy's question, just some clarification around the allocation charges. The 7 points in March, does that represent a peak? Or do we run into a situation where as absolute costs for 7 and 10 go up throughout the year, you could see op margins in DCG continue to be down just because the percent doesn't change but the dollars are going up?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, our expectation is the operating margins for DCG will improve by quarter throughout the year. Again, it will be a function of the normal seasonality of the profitability of the business. It will still bear a significant chunk of our tech development and SG&A costs, but you may remember that our development costs during the course of the year, as we indicated I think maybe last couple quarters, that comes down from first half to second half. So as that cost comes down, all of our businesses will benefit from lower costs. And then the third thing, the real fundamentals of the business are higher ASPs with good product with outstanding performance and getting better and better yields on our 14-nanometer product going through the fab will be benefits to the profitability of the business. The lowest point Q1 expectations will grow each quarter throughout the year, and we would expect full-year operating margins despite higher absorption, higher burden from our indirect costs at roughly 40% for the year.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That clarification's helpful. And then, Brian, as my follow-up, one of the strengths of your model is just the free cash flow that you can generate, which enables you to reinvest organically back in the business. And you're clearly doing it this year on the CapEx front with CapEx up over 20% year over year. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, should we be thinking of CapEx this year as sort of the new norm with rising capital intensity, investments in the Memory business, maybe optionality around foundry? Or is the $12 billion this year sort of something that we should think about as being an above trend or particularly high spending year? Any color on that would be helpful.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, John. I'd tell you that the increase in CapEx that you're seeing this year is something that we see as unique, but my guess is that we'll have to continue it for maybe one year more or so as we continue to build out that memory factory. But if you take a long-term view, I don't expect us to run these kinds of CapEx levels. We'll always make good investments, so in a place like this where we think we have differential technology like 3D NAND and our Optane/3D XPoint, I'm going to look for ways to invest that have a positive NPV. But from this current view, we probably have another year, and then probably go back down to what we'd consider a more normal rate.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Can you give us some idea within Data Center of what revenues you're currently seeing from Xeon Phi? And also you mentioned acceleration services at Alibaba. Can you fill us in on any other key customers adopting Xeon Phi, FPGAs or any of your other accelerators?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So we don't break out revenue on specific products like Phi, but Xeon Phi does continue to ramp and grow from a product standpoint. We have some additional products that will launch in the second half of this year around Xeon Phi from Knights Mill. And from an FPGA or other accelerators, we continue to get several of the large cloud providers, networking providers who are continuing to use our FPGAs. But again, we don't break out on a by-customer standpoint, but we still are committed to our 6% roughly growth on the PSG business this year. Q1 was down just because of some unique – there was some extra buying in the latter half of last year around some cloud, and the networking guys are typically down in the first quarter. So it hit its forecast, but it's down year over year. We think we'll recover that as we go through the rest of the year from an FPGA. And then as we go out through the second half of this year, the first of the products comes out in silicon from our Nervana acquisition which is another form of AI acceleration. We'll get that first silicon. We'll start to work with customers and you'll see that come in 2018 as an additional accelerator adding to our full AI portfolio.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify your answer to John's question. So in terms of the $300 million year over year burden on DCG operating margin that's due to the cost allocation, is that sort of a fixed number going forward? Or does that absolute number get better through the year?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: There's two dynamics on our total pool of indirect costs that are going on for the company. One is our SG&A indirect costs are coming down. Brian referred to that earlier about the progress we've made on direct spending overall coming down another 1 point plus during the course of the year. And second, our R&D cost particularly as it relates to Moore's Law for 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer goes up little bit. So during the course of the year, our overall cost will be roughly flat that we'll be allocating to the businesses. And DCG will get a larger portion of that than it has historically, roughly impacting the business by 7 points because of its bigger size and because of the decision to have it be a beneficiary of Moore's Law sooner than it has historically.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then as a follow-up, so I just wanted to clarify, so the NSG, so you're expecting to still lose money into the first half of next year and is that what you're saying? Or you're saying that for the entirety of the year next year you'll be profitable. Thanks.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So separate out again and remember we're making the large investments in Dalian, so from a pure 3D NAND perspective, we said it goes breakeven and beyond in the latter half of this year. So for next year, our standard NAND business will be profitable. 3D XPoint plus the Optane product is additional investments we're making. We said that that's in the second half of next year it goes to breakeven and the overall business does as well. We haven't gotten any more granular than that for right now.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Wanted to ask the first one on the OpEx side of things, and I applaud the 30% target. It's good to see that commitment, but I wanted to focus a little bit more on the near term. In the first quarter it was about $100 million above what you had guided and the second quarter is a bit above what I expected too, especially given McAfee. So could you give us a little color on why it was a little bit higher in the first quarter? And where we are in the restructuring benefits and the McAfee benefits, if you can do anything to size either of those in the near term, that would be helpful.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yes, I think first quarter, a little bit over. I'd characterize it primarily in the round. I think for first half, we're basically implying $10.6 billion of OpEx and we're committed to our $20.5 billion for the full year. So $10.6 billion in first half drops to $9.9 billion in the second half and there's really two primary drivers to that. One is, as you alluded, the exit of McAfee will be roughly $300 million out from the first half run rate. And then secondly, just the completion of our previously announced restructuring programs will continue to bear fruit on lower OpEx in the second half of the year. So first half $10.6 billion, second half, $9.9 billion. McAfee exit, continued execution, and feel good about full year $20.5 billion.
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: And just a reminder, that $20.5 billion takes another roughly 1%, slightly more, out of our spending as a percent of revenue. So that's all baked in.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that detail. I guess my follow-up then switches to the gross margin side of things. It's staying solid, and I might be at the risk of a rounding error in this question as well. But considering that you raised your revenues and ASPs were a big portion of that, usually that's a pretty good follow through. So the fact that you're keeping the gross margin guide for the year flat at 63%, are there any incremental offsets to the goodness that the revenue and the ASPs would generate? Or is it, in fact, just rounding?
Robert H. Swan - Intel Corp.: I don't know if it's rounding or not. I'd say $0.5 billion of revenue upside at kind of roughly gross margin dynamics of the business will fall through at an additional $0.05 of EPS, so we feel great about that. I think the dynamics of more the business is in the second half. ASPs will improve for Data Center. As Brian alluded earlier, we've assumed that ASPs will decline a little for the Client business. And the fast growth of Memory and modem will have a negative mix impact on gross margins. So I think when we take that altogether through the year, we felt a fairly consistent 63% with all those puts and takes throughout to the course of the year. And Q1 was where we expected, Q2 consistent with Q1 and full year.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Ross. Operator, can you please go ahead and introduce our last question?
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. Just on the capacity that you're building in Dalian, can you say what percentage increase you're getting? Or is it directly correlated to the revenue growth that you see in the Memory Group?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Percentage. So, A, yes. The growth in the Memory business that goes through the rest of this year is largely driven by the ramp of the Dalian factory, along with some assumptions around strong ASPs as demand continues to outpace supply in the market in general. And so if you take a look from here on, in fact 2017, but then as we go out into 2018 beyond, Dalian will continue to be the driver of growth of that business.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess another way to phrase the question is, what's the bit growth? Most other memory companies give a projection of what their bit growth is.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yes. I don't think we've actually ever given a bit growth, so that's not a public number. We can take a look at that for next quarter as to whether we want to start adding that to our normal distribution. But what we've always talked about is growth of the business from a profit or revenue standpoint and overall growth.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Partly because remember, more and more of that business will become things like 3D XPoint slash Optane. And bits will be a little bit different there, right, not all bits are going to be created equal. That's a very differentiating technology. It's really got performance of DRAM-like devices with NAND non-volatility and pricing in between. And so those bits are a bit different than, say, typical NAND bits, and I wouldn't want to just lump those all into a standard number. So we need to think about how we'd really go and present this to you if you want to think about it from a bit standpoint. And that, it's around 5% of the business this year. But as you go out into next year and beyond, it becomes a larger and larger percentage as we see more and more products, especially in the data centers, use the Optane technology.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. And maybe if I could ask that question too of Optane. When would it transfer to China?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: We haven't talked about a transfer date to China yet.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So that hasn't been made public right now. Right now, Dalian is 3D NAND.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Kevin, and thank you all for joining us. Crystal, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp. Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp. Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.
Analysts: Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Romit Shah - Instinet, LLC Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you, Chanel, and welcome everyone to Intel's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter, we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. And finally, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting our annual Investor Meeting here at our Santa Clara headquarters on Thursday, February 9. If you have any questions about the event or logistics, please contact Investor Relations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Mark. I'd like to cover three things with you today before handing off to Bob: a brief review of our results for the year; an update on the transformation of the company; and a look ahead at 2017 and Intel's future. First, the review of our result. Q4 was a strong finish to a record year in which we increased revenue 7% and net income 9%. The Client Computing Group, Data Center Group, Internet of Things and Intel Security all grew in 2016, with DCG and IoTG setting full-year revenue and volume records. The acquisition of Altera added three percentage points to our overall growth rate. In the Data Center, cloud service provider revenue grew 24%, while enterprise revenue was down 3% for the full-year. Additionally, we are very excited that comm service provider revenue grew 19%, and across all of our customer categories, adjacency revenue grew an incredible 21% with strength in Ethernet controllers, Omni-Path fabric controllers and switches and network ASICs. IoT revenue was up 15% for the full-year, driven by strength in the video, retail and industrial segment. In Q4, we launched new Apollo Lake and Kaby Lake product and we won key designs in automotive and video. Our Memory business finished the year with record quarterly revenue, while full-year revenue was down 1%. This was an investment year for the Memory business, but MSG operating margins improved meaningfully in the fourth quarter. We are now shipping 3D NAND from our Fab 68 and we just qualified our first 3D XPoint base Optane SSDs, which we expect to ship for revenue in the first quarter. And our 3D XPoint memory DIMM, a sample to data center customers. The Client Computing business achieved impressive result, driven by strong execution and higher ASPs as customers bought a richer mix of Intel Core products. This was also a breakout year for CCG's wireless communication product line, our 7360 LTE modem ramped into high volume and we shipped record Wi-Fi units. I'm very proud of the Client Computing business and what this team has delivered in 2016. Our strategy of delivering consistent product leadership, segmentation and differentiation paid off. We achieved record i7 units and overall core mix in 2016. And Client Computing revenue was up 2% for the year, despite a declining PC market. The Programmable Solutions Group was up about 7% on a non-GAAP basis over Altera's 2015 results. PSG saw strength across many segments with particular strength in compute and storage. The Programmable Solutions business tackled the industry's first and only 14-nanometer FPGA this year, known as Stratix 10. This product line has the largest demand pipeline in Altera's history. The integration of Altera into Intel was an important milestone in what was a transformative year for Intel. This team did a great job of meeting integration objectives, while continuing to deliver new products and grow the business. In 2016, we took other important and in some cases difficult steps to position the company for future success, improve the alignment of our resources to our strategy and accelerate our transformation to the company that powers the cloud and billions of smart connected devices. Our restructuring initiative focused on our investments on the product and technologies that will fuel our growth, and that work, combined with improvements in 14-nanometer cost, drove a 30% operating margin improvement in our Client business. Our decision to establish McAfee as a separate, independent company was another transformative move. This transaction will give McAfee the flexibility to invest independently, tighten our focus and allow Intel to share in McAfee's future success as the market demand for world-class security product continues to grow. And finally, looking ahead to 2017, and Intel's future, I'm confident we're making the right investments to compete and win, not only in the segments where Intel is strong today, but also in new areas that are poised for growth driven by the emerging flood of data. By 2020, the average person will generate about 1.5 GB of data per day, while smart and connected devices of the future will produce data at many times that rate. Autonomous cars, for example, will generate about 4,000 GB of data each day. The resulting explosion of data is creating tremendous opportunity. But data alone isn't valuable. It's the transmission, aggregation and analysis of the data that results in value and impact. Intel will play essential role in those steps because our products are key to turning raw data into high-value insight and information. Our investments in advanced research and development are making this all possible, while significantly expanding our TAM at the same time. These investments are creating opportunities in segments from autonomous driving, where we are uniquely positioned to be the compute engine in the vehicle and the data center, to 5G where we are building on our momentum in 4G to establish leadership, to artificial intelligence where we are providing the industry's most complete range of products to accelerate all AI solutions from the edge to the data center. We're already seeing signs of progress. In autonomous driving, we are winning key designs like BMW, Delphi and WiDi. In 5G, we are leading in the definition of standards, prototyping and field trials. Our network business saw strong growth as infrastructure moved to Intel architecture in anticipation of 5G. Our design wins and network virtualization, innovation position us for leadership share in the wireless access market. Other proof points of our progress include important partnerships with AT&T, SK Telecom, Korea Telecom and Verizon and the announcement earlier this month of the industry's first global 5G modem. Finally, in Artificial Intelligence, we believe we have the industry's strongest product portfolio. Intel processors power well over 90% of servers deployed to support machine learning workload, and we are winning the vast majority of AI solution based on strong product performance and customer value. Wrapping things up, I'm very pleased with Intel's performance in 2016. We have important work to do in 2017 as we continue to transform the company, but the progress we've made leaves me increasingly confident in Intel's growth and Intel's future. And with that, I'll hand it over to Bob.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Brian. The fourth quarter was an outstanding quarter. Revenue was up 10%, operating income was up 11%, and EPS was up 4% year-over-year. Revenue set an all-time record of $16.4 billion, and operating income was $4.9 billion. Fourth quarter operating margin was 30%, flat year-over-year. Gross margin at 63% was down two points, primarily driven by a couple of one-time events related to product warranty cost and long-term IP agreements. Direct spending came in at $5.4 billion, up 4% year-over-year and down two points as a percent of revenue. Earnings per share of $0.79 was up $0.03 from a year-ago. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $9.1 billion, up 4% year-over-year. During the fourth quarter, the worldwide PC supply chain remained healthy, and we saw some inventory burn during the quarter. Client ASPs were up 7% year-over-year, and core mix was at an all-time high, as a result of the success of our segmentation strategies and strength in gaming and high-end systems. This segment had another quarter of significant profit growth, with operating profit growing 30% from a year ago as the business continues to benefit from lower spending, richer product mix and continued improvements in 14-nanometer unit cost. The Data Center Group had record revenue of $4.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see robust growth in the cloud and comm service provider segments of the business, which both grew approximately 30% year-over-year, partially offset by a 7% decline in the enterprise and government segment over the same horizon. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.9 billion, down 14% year-over-year. Operating margin was impacted by the two one-time items I referred to earlier and the ramp of 14-nanometer on our server products, which we expect to generate continued cost improvements over time. Our Internet of Things business achieved record revenue of $726 million, growing 16% year-over-year, driven by strength in both the retail and industrial segment. Operating profit for the business was $182 million, up 37% year-over-year. Our Memory business had record revenue of $816 million, up 25% year-over-year with strong demand for data center SSD solutions with demand signals outpacing supply. We've made great progress ramping Fab 68 with yields and unit costs well ahead of expectation. This segment had an operating loss of $91 million, largely driven by cost associated with 3D XPoint and startup costs for our memory capacity. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $420 million, and operating profit was $80 million. Our Intel Security Group business had revenue of $550 million and operating profit of $103 million. Turning to the full-year 2016, revenue grew 7%, operating margin grew 11% and EPS grew 9%. Operating margin percent improved by one point, while gross margin was approximately 63%, flat to 2015. Spending was $21 billion, or 35.4% of revenue, down one point from 2015, primarily from the restructuring programs we began earlier in the year. Operating profit for the year was $16.5 billion. Earnings per share for the year was $2.72, up $0.23 from the prior year. In 2016, the business generated record cash from operations of $21.8 billion. We purchased $9.6 billion in capital assets, paid $4.9 billion in dividends and repurchased about $2.6 billion of stock. Total cash balance was $17.1 billion, down $8.2 billion. Total debt was $25.3 billion. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt and inclusive of our other longer-term investments is approximately negative $2.3 billion. Now, let me turn to guidance. First, some context. First, our guidance assumes a stable macroeconomic environment, but we have taken a more cautious view of PC consumption versus third parties, particularly in our outlook for the emerging markets including Russia, China and Latin America. Second for the Data Center, we continue to expect similar growth rates in the cloud and comm segment, but we are not expecting an improvement in enterprise. This gets us to an expectation of high single-digit growth in the Data Center business. Third as a reminder, we have one less week as a result of the inclusion of an extra work week in 2016. And last, we have assumed the Intel Security transaction will close in Q2 and our full-year guidance reflects one full quarter of the group's consolidated results. We have lots of work to do to close this out, and in the event the close happens at the end of the second quarter, we would update our full-year guidance by approximately an additional $500 million of revenue and $100 million of operating income. As we look forward to the first quarter of 2017, we are forecasting a midpoint of the revenue range at $14.8 billion, up 7% year-over-year and down from the fourth quarter. This is at the lower end of our seasonal range and reflects an expectation of lower core brand mix and ASP coming off a strong holiday selling period for gaming and other premium PC systems. For the first quarter, we expect operating margin percent to increase four points year-over-year, gross margins to be flat at approximately 63% and spending to be $5.3 billion, down 1%. We expect EPS to be approximately $0.65, up 20% year-over-year. Turning to the full-year 2017, we're expecting revenue to be roughly flat. Revenue is expected to grow in the low single digits, after excluding the Intel Security Group from both years. We expect operating margin percent to be up one point year-over-year with flat gross margins and direct spending as a percent of revenue down one point versus 2016. Let me provide a bit more detail on our year-over-year direct spending. Our restructuring plans are on track, including reducing our head count by approximately 15,000 heads and generating gross savings of $1.6 billion. We are reallocating investments from CCG to higher growth segments and are continuing to invest in areas that extend our leadership position in Moore's Law and expand TAM opportunities such as memory and autonomous driving. We anticipate the net benefit of these actions to result in an additional point of improvement in direct spending as a percent of revenue in 2017. We expect EPS of approximately $2.80, up 3% year-over-year. In 2016, we had a fairly significant gain from our Icap portfolio. Our 2017 guidance assumes that we'll have gains roughly in line with 2016 levels. The capital spending forecast for 2017 is $12 billion, up $2.5 billion from 2016 as we continue to ramp our memory capacity. In closing, 2016 started out slow but finished strong. Our CCG business is focused and executing extremely well in a declining market and provides scale that's required to advance Moore's Law, generate significant cash flows and enables investments for growth. Our growth-oriented businesses were up 15% collectively as we continue to transform the company from PC-centric company to a company of smart and connected devices that power the cloud. We are excited about our plans for 2017 as we continue with our transformation, and we look forward to sharing more details with you at our Investor Day in February. With that, let me turn it over back to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Chanel, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just digging in on the segments, the CCG operating margins were I think the highest in the last few years. DCG was kind of the lowest in the last few years. Can you just talk about the trend in operating margins for those two segments for this year given the guidance?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah, Chris. The CCG performance – a couple of dynamics that are driving the record margins. One, higher ASPs on the strong mix that Brian referred to. Secondly, real strong unit cost. It's been on 14-nanometer for a while, so we expect that to continue. And then constrained investments in the CCG business as we focus more on investing heavier in the higher growth businesses. So real good performance, and those are the dynamics that we're expecting in 2017. On the DCG front, good in Q4 and then project forward. Nice ASP performance in the quarter as we migrate from Haswell to Broadwell, and as we think about Skylake in 2017, we expect that to continue. Unit cost in DCG is a little bit higher because we're coming off more great unit cost performance on 22-nanometer, but as we migrate to 14-nanometer in the earlier stages of that cycle, unit costs are little bit higher. And then we're increasing our investments in DCG on a year-over-year basis. So, dynamics are relatively good. The one – I referred to it a little bit earlier, but in terms of Q4, we had a couple one-time items that really weighed on the profitability or operating margins of DCG that we think are well-bounded and do not expect to continue in 2017. And just quickly, one, we entered into a long-term cross licensed agreement and patent purchase agreement, particularly in the comm space in the quarter, and DCG was impacted by a portion of that cost in the quarter. But secondly, and a little bit more significant, we were observing a product quality issue in the fourth quarter with slightly higher expected failure rates under certain use and time constraints, and we established a reserve to deal with that. We think we have it relatively well-bounded with a minor design fix that we're working with our clients to resolve. So, those two one-timers in the fourth quarter weighed on DCG margins, and we do not expect that to continue in 2017.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Do I get a follow-up?
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Yeah. Please go ahead, Chris.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Oh. Great. Maybe just to expand on the PC market, what do you see driving the strength here? How sustainable is it? Any thoughts on PC unit growth for this year?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: This is Brian. I can start, and then Bob can add in. If you take a look – Bob mentioned in his portion of the talk of, hey, we've taken a slightly more conservative view of 2017 then third parties for what we see the overall PC unit market as, and we had extremely strong, record Core i7, record core mix in the fourth quarter that we've, as we look at Q1 and we look at 2017, we factored a little bit of caution into that as well. Those two things put us in the PC market in the unit level in the mid-single-digit decline. That's better than if you went back a year or so ago, we were in the high single-digits, depending on how you looked at it and where you counted from the 2-in-1 devices. So, it is starting to get better, but I don't think we're back at a zero unit or a positive unit. But as Bob said, what we've really been focusing on in that space is how do you make money, how do you sell up, how do you do a better business performance in that kind of market? And we're comfortable that we can continue that into 2017.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: And Chris, the only thing I'd add is we think, as Brian said, our outlook is a little more conservative than the third parties and our view is that's probably the right posture and the right caution to have as we go into the year. And obviously, the team has done a great job in adjusting its cost structure for a more cautious outlook, and then we'll see how it plays out during the course of the year.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks guys. Nice quarter.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. I wonder if I could ask about the DCG commentary of being up by single-digits. Obviously that's a little bit more conservative than the longer-term numbers you had talked about. And I guess as you think about that, is there an element of the cloud spending that you think is causing the enterprise to be weaker? Or maybe just give us the qualitative underpinnings for that change?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So let me start, and then again Bob can jump in on this one. As we said, we took a look at the 2017 view on enterprise to be relatively equivalent to what we saw in 2016, which says that enterprise continues to decline. I think that certainly some of that is, that it's moving to the public cloud, it's moving to those areas at a faster rate than I think we expected. It's also been a little bit slow about developing private cloud and we're working with several partners like Microsoft, Azure and others around the private cloud segments as well for the enterprise. But if you take a look at the long-term, we still see this as the growth engine and still getting into that double-digit regime. Remember, for us, enterprise is now less than 50% of our overall Data Center business and the areas that are growing even faster or as fast as cloud in most cases are the networking and storage space, which we have very low market share in still, and it's a great opportunity for us. And then the emerging areas like Silicon Photonics, Omni-Path fabric, Rack Scale Design and 3D XPoint, and those areas are really what we've always forecasted to be the growth engine of the Data Center Group as we exit and go towards the back half of this decade. So for us, our view is this is, anytime you're going to a market transition, you're not going to get the cloud to enterprise mixed perfect, and this is an anomaly right now that we've forecasted, we think, accurately and adjusted for the way it is. But our long-term growth was actually based on other factors and we're still very, very confident in those growth areas. I don't know if Bob wants to add?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Nope, I think that's perfect. Nothing to add. Thanks.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you for that. That's great. And then separately on the PC market, the ASP growth that you guys saw over the course of 2016, is that strictly mix shift and strength in the higher-end segments as you've been talking about? And any thoughts on your ability to continue that price momentum over the course of this year?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure, yeah, it mostly, if not in almost every case, all mix shift and our customers buying up. And the great example was the case SKUs, the enthusiast, the 10-core systems that we put out there, and they far and away exceeded our original sales forecast for people who are out there buying 10-core gaming systems. So we do believe that that market, that enthusiast market will continue. We factored a little bit more caution into this as we go into the 2017 in the first quarter. Some of that is seasonality. Holiday, people tend to buy lot of gaming systems, and some of it's just how much more can people buy up? And so how much more growth in ASP can we see? But we don't see a decline or anything of the average ASPs.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing I would add as we think about the full-year, the second half comps get a little bit tougher on ASPs, because of the strong ASP performance throughout the course of the 2016. So, that's probably the only other dynamic that I would add.
Joe L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the first one on OpEx, and it's more of a conceptual one for you, Brian. On flat revenues it's great to see some OpEx leverage on there, but I think some people are hoping for a little bit more as you had the restructuring only halfway done and then the McAfee sale that's pending. So, can you talk conceptually how you balance the desire to reinvest versus the desire to get the profitability up to your long-term targets?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. I'll let Bob talk about the McAfee financials and how that affects OpEx, because it's a little complex with Q1 into Q1 target there. But let's just talk about it in general. What we've always said is that we were going to go through the program that we went through at the middle of last year, which we called ACT, which was continued through the end of last year 2016, and we said we'd be completed about the middle of 2017. And we always said there'd be some mix between taking that to the bottom line and reinvesting it in those growth areas. And so, as we've done acquisitions like Nervana for Artificial Intelligence, we want to invest in those businesses now to bring them onto our Silicon to integrate them into our software stack, and so we're going to make those kinds of investments in key areas. We said the key areas are around Data Center in general. We have Rack Scale Design. We have 3D XPoint. We have Artificial Intelligence around IoT, and we're making big bets around autonomous driving. And so you see us making the investment in HERE, the investments with BMW, and that's really – when you take a look at autonomous driving and why are we doing that, it's around data and data centers again. Remember, every one of those high definition maps is going to require data centers. They're going to require small data centers at the edge. So it's all around are we understanding and managing how data is going to flow in that system? And then Memory itself, and we're going to go make those investments around 3D XPoint and really bringing that and 3D NAND to market in a big way. And so we'll balance between those, and I think you'll see some mix of bringing it to the bottom line. But if I can invest, and think I can turn that into additional profitability in the future, I'm going to go and do that.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is just to maybe make it a little simple for people is we look at our full-year guidance that we gave, and then we extract out three quarters of McAfee. At the macro level, we're looking at low single-digit growth and mid single-digit EPS growth, so that's kind of the year-on-year apples-to-apples dynamic. On direct spending itself, we'll be down roughly half – our guidance implies we'll be down roughly $500 million year-on-year, and that's just a function of three things. One, continued benefits from the restructuring actions that we took in 2016 and continue to execute on in the first half of 2017. Secondly, obviously the direct spend of McAfee kind of goes away. And third, as Brian mentioned, during this transformation we continue to make the investments in the higher growth businesses. We'll continue to invest in 5G and ADAS, and then we'll continue to invest in Moore's Law as we bring 10-nanometer to life in 2017 and continue to invest in 7-nanometer. So net-net, the implications of all that for direct spending was one point down as a percentage of revenue in 2016 and another point down as a percentage of revenue in 2017. And then the only other thing I would add is in terms of the milestones that we employ during the course of the year for these big bets, we'll continue to build milestones then to make sure those bets that we're making are turning out in the medium and long term the way we expect.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, you talked about the ASPs in answering a prior question. I wondered about the competitive intensity in the PC market. You're taking a more conservative tack than the third-party vendors are forecasting, but your primary x86 competitor is coming out with a new architecture for the first time in many, many years. So, I wonder whether it's on the ASP or the unit or the market share side how you're factoring that into your forecast for the year.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. I would tell you that we always look at this environment and say there's going to be a competitive risk in the environment. And we're always focused on really, our own product roadmap and making sure that we have the highest performance product. So, when we look at 2017, we still believe that our product roadmap is truly the best ever it's been. And as we look at the Kaby Lake and as it really ramps up through 2017, or it came out really just at the end of 2016 and now will ramp with many more SKUs and higher-performance products as we go into 2017. And then we showed at CES the first working 10-nanometer Cannonlake product, which we're still planning to ship by the end of this year and really ramp into 2018. We still believe that our roadmap and our leadership will continue to give us the performance the customers want and desire. And so that didn't necessarily factor into that more cautious forecast. That forecast was really much more a function of where we think the PC market really is overall.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question first on the guidance for next year. Unless I'm doing the math wrong to get to $2.80, I need a fairly sizable reduction in share count. So is that true? Could you tell us how you're thinking about shares for next year? Are you intending to use the cash from McAfee to buy back shares to get to that number?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: First, in essence, the guidance year-on-year doesn't really anticipate any dramatic change in our share count. I think philosophically, our approach is to offset dilution from our comp-based program. So all else equal, share count relatively flat year-on-year. I think the one thing worth noting is we, in our Icap portfolio in 2016, we had a fairly significant gain. And what I indicated in the prepared remarks is we expect roughly in 2017 that gain to be in line with what 2016 generated.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: But I think just in terms of implied share count in our guidance, it's essentially flat year-on-year.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. For my follow-up, I wanted to again dig into the OpEx. So you talked about like a mix of the restructure and the cuts versus the reinvestment. But I mean if I throw the McAfee cost back in, you've actually got OpEx going up fairly sizably year-over-year. And your employee count is actually up year-over-year, even though you supposedly had a pretty big, a layoff. So I guess can you talk a little more specifically about exactly what the additional spending is going on? Is it people versus technology versus something else? Where is it going? And do you view those investments as looking to open up new markets versus being defensive in nature, or maybe a mix of both?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah. In terms of the type of cost, maybe two-fold. Yes, people and yes, technology slash Moore's Law at the macro level, and that expresses itself in higher depreciation year-on-year. So in our guide, our depreciation is up quite a bit and a portion of that will flow through direct spending. Again on a more macro basis, at the risk of maybe repeating myself, we are investing more in DCG and in particular, bringing some of these adjacent products that Brian referred to, to market. We continue to invest in Memory, in particularly the 3D XPoint product, and we continue to invest in IoT. So those three businesses are getting a disproportionate share of the investment, because those are the businesses that we've seen really strong growth in 2016 and we're counting on continued growth in 2017. The second area, and again, we talked about this a little bit, but we see real opportunities in autonomous driving that play to our strengths and our capabilities. And we are making step function increase in our investments to position ourselves very well for that industry in that market as it evolves. And then again third, 7-nanometer technology investment in the spend associated with building a new pilot line in 2017 is also an additional investment. So, we're executing on our restructuring programs, it was – we took out roughly, we made the tough decisions in 2016 that resulted in roughly 11,000 fewer people as a result of our restructuring program. We're not quite done, but I'd say we're on track. At the same time, we're making investments both in technology and people to strengthen and enhance our competitive position in the areas that we see as real opportunities for us.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: The only thing I would add, Stacy, is more of a blunt answer to your question is, if you take a look at the areas that we're talking about, in almost every case these are new and expanding TAMs for us. So even when you look at the places where we're going in the Data Center, and this was my point earlier about enterprise versus cloud. Enterprise is now less than 50% of our total makeup for the Data Center Group, and the cloud is growing great and that will continue, but if you look at the areas, the majority of the rest of the growth for the rest of this decade in the Data Center alone, it's networking and storage where we have very low market share today. But we're bringing things like software-defined networking and NFV to those and so that's a growing and expanding TAM as those markets move to Intel architecture. And then it's going into Rack Scale Design, Omni-Path fabric, Silicon Photonics, those are all again new either nascent or expanding TAMs for us. Autonomous cars and the IoT space are new and expanding TAMs for us. 5G is a TAM that's brand new that will be really being built out over the rest of this decade. And then Memory, if you look at the large part of the investment we're making is 3D XPoint, which we will really re-architect memory and storage and we'll create a new market in our mind and we believe we are unique in having that technology. So to me when I look at the investment, they're all focused around data, they're all in support of how the data center ecosystem works and they're all in either expanding or new TAM or Intel. And so that's why I see the growth in those areas. It's not just enhancing the technologies that we already have. We'll do that, but the new investments are really focused on the new areas.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Brian, my first question, I want to go back to the DCG ASPs in the December quarter. They were up 4% year-over-year, which kind of reverses I think the four quarter or five quarter trend of ASPs going down. I know that you've had some mixed headwinds that have been driving blended ASPs down, I'm kind of curious what happened in the fourth quarter to drive ASPs up? And do you think it's sustainable, is this just what we would expect to see the first quarter of the Broadwell launch and then it normalizes going forward? How do you think about ASP's from here?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: John, I'll let Bob start with this and then I'll come in and talk a little bit about the macro view of it.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah. Two dynamics in the fourth quarter where we had higher ASPs. One, the continued transition from Haswell to Broadwell, is helpful, and then as we project forward, the next transition is Skylake, we believe will be helpful as well. So those dynamics where we're delivering better performance for our customers, we're able to capture some of that in ASPs, and we saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter. And secondly, in the comms and network space, which is a share gain opportunity for us in DSG, getting those clients to move up the stack in terms of the high performance server CPUs is the second dynamic, both of which we think are helpful as we exit 2016 and go into 2017.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yeah. And only thing I'd add, John, is, we'll – as we go back into the second half of this year do this Skylake transition, and that is a technology that will increase performance and the performance per cost to our customers in one of the largest improvements in a long time, if not ever, on the data center. So we expect – typically when that happens, people see the value in that, and they tend to buy up. They tend to buy the better SKUs. So to my view, this trend of higher mix should continue.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And then maybe as my follow-up, Brian, relative to the full-year guide you're kind of expecting a pretty significant drop in free cash flow this year with the increase in CapEx, and you highlighted that CapEx is going to the Non-Volatile Memory Group. I'm just kind of curious, given that that business, even though it made some improvements in losses in the calendar fourth quarter, is still in sort of a loss position. I'm assuming the higher CapEx is going to be a headwind to getting to profitability, but I guess, how do you think about the path to profitability, the longer term business model in Memory and what it might do to the DCG growth rate longer term if XPoint is successful?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So let's talk about Memory in kind of a big picture, John, and then I'll let Bob talk a little bit about how the CapEx lays and what our view on CapEx is in the space. But we are in this space for one reason because I understand it's a cyclical business that tends to be fairly difficult from a price capacity standpoint. But we believe we're coming at it with two very unique technologies. Our 3D NAND technology has some of the best performance and best cost in the market. Our current version of 3D NAND has a 15% cost value over the competition, and our next version, second generation, has even a higher when you look at it on a density basis. And so we believe we're going to be able to bring differential cost and performance in 3D NAND that will give us a unique position, and that, combined with our knowledge of the data center, should allow us to really provide compelling product for data center SSDs. 3D XPoint is very different and that is a unique technology that bridges between memory and storage, and we believe it can re-architect how big data applications, artificial intelligence applications where you want large amounts of data being brought up as close to the compute as you can, will really transform not only the architecture of those systems but the performance of those systems. And we've demonstrated on stage, even on client systems, using these types of SSDs on an equal price you can get 5x to 7x performance improvement using 3D XPoint as a large memory storage combination. So, we're investing purely because we believe we have this differential technology, and that's why we're in this business. I think if I didn't have that differential, not sure it's a business that Intel would necessarily be in, right? But with that leadership, and as we believe we can sustain that leadership, we believe it's a good business and a good investment. I'll let Bob talk about and how long and how we view the capital.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: John, the CapEx dynamic – first kind of at the macro level, up $2.5 billion year-on-year, driven by two things. One, Memory obviously, but also bringing 10-nanometer capacity online. If I just go down a level to Memory, roughly $1.6 billion CapEx in 2016. Expectation is that it'll be roughly $2.5 billion in 2017 as we bring the incremental capacity online. And as we look at Memory specifically in 2018, we think it begins to drop off a little bit as we focus that capacity on 3D NAND and increasingly 3D XPoint.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Brian, I'm curious with this new U.S. administration. There's a lot of interest in using U.S.-made products. And since you have sizable fabs here in the U.S., I'm wondering how you can take advantage of this environment, or if you're interested in making a bigger push in your foundry business.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Well, we're always open for business in foundry and we're always interested. Remember, we said our foundry strategy was really to be on the leading edge, so – because we can get paid for our technology. And it really allows us to use our unique differentiation in that space. Beyond that, I would just tell you we've always been proud. I mean it's not a new transition or new strategy for Intel. We've always been roughly between – a little bit more than half to two-thirds of our capacity in the U.S. We're the second largest exporter in the U.S. and we're proud of that position. But other than that, there's no real shift in our strategy right now.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And as my follow-up, back to DCG. There seem to be two moving pieces. You have this declining but very profitable enterprise part, but a faster growth but perhaps less profitable networking and cloud and other areas. Is that fair characterization? And do you envision a point at which the non-enterprise parts become dominant enough, so you can actually see an acceleration in DCG back to your traditional double-digit type growth rate?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: So let me start and then we can see. I think – our view is that enterprise will continue to decline. A lot of that is those workloads moving to the cloud. It will get to a point though where it starts to stabilize. And those – because there are still things that – workloads that will want to be in a private cloud. At the same time, we believe as the world becomes connected, cloud will grow at a much, much faster rate. And I made a point in the prepared remarks, where if you look at the cloud of today being mostly based on people, the average person will generate about 1.5 gig of data a day. An autonomous car, when those things start hitting the road – and we've started to build these data centers for some of the trials we're working with – I mean you're talking about petabytes of data that you're having to deal with and 4,000 gigabytes a day off is the average autonomous car. You put a couple of those on the road and you need petabytes of storage to handle that. So, we do believe that the cloud will move at a faster rate as these connected devices become basically more available. That said, the cloud is becoming bigger than the enterprise. We said enterprise is now less than 50%, and we believe the other areas that will grow, networking and storage, the adjacencies like Omni-Path fabric, Silicon Photonics, Rack Scale Design, which we're working with our partners on, it really lowers the cost of the system and re-architects how the Rack is laid out. And 3D XPoint, should dramatically – that will drive the growth for us as we go through the rest of this decade. We believe when you add those up together, this thing will go back to double-digits. When exactly that is because it's pretty hard – we're trying to grow these new nascent areas and manage the decline of enterprise, going to be hard to call exactly when. But we do still have a strong belief, and we believe the products are very compelling; that these will drive us to double-digit growth long-term.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: The only thing I'd add, Brian, is on the – on like-for-like product, ASPs have a tendency to be lower to the cloud service providers. But at the same time, the cloud service providers really value performance. And in terms of the mix of their product, they'll value performance and the higher-end products more than maybe enterprise as a whole.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is now open.
Romit Shah - Instinet, LLC: Yes. Thank you. I just had one question. I noticed that you didn't raise the dividend in January, and Bob, I'm curious if your view on capital returns, buybacks and dividends is different than what Intel has done historically?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah. I think historically, the philosophy around first and foremost to invest it in organically in our capabilities has always been the first priority. That will be the same. Secondly, we'll continue to look at M&A that will strengthen our capabilities, so that's no different than the past. Third, in terms of capital returns, our expectation has been and I think we'll continue to think it this way going forward as it relates to dividend, grow it in line with non-GAAP earnings, and have it be roughly 40% of the free cash flows of the company. Those change around the margins over time, depending on the CapEx intensity of the business. But I don't expect that to change and we'll continue to look at how we move the dividend in line with that philosophy. As I said earlier, in terms of the more holistic capital returns bucket, we will continue to offset dilution, which I think is pretty consistent with what we've done in the past. And then third, we have a great balance sheet and I do think that opportunistically when it makes sense, reducing our outstanding float is an opportunity we have as we get closer to the net cash zero position that we've been tracking forward over the last 12 months since the Altera acquisition. So philosophically, no dramatic change, dividend in line with non-GAAP earnings growth, but trying to stay in that roughly 40% free cash flow world. And maybe if opportunities present itself, be opportunistic in share counts without limiting our financial flexibility relative to the things that matter most which is strengthening our business.
Romit Shah - Instinet, LLC: Great. Thank you. Nice quarter.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon. This is Bill Peterson calling for Harlan. Congratulations on a nice quarter. Coming back to the storage market, trying to understand how you view growth this year in light of obviously good sequential growth in the prior quarter, but also overlaying that with the Optane qualifications that are going on in progress. How should we view that in terms of a incremental growth driver in 2017?
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Sure. So, if you take a look at it, as I said this is a cyclical market. If you take a look at 2016, it started out with an over-supply, came into the back half of the year with an under-supply really of capacity. We're entering 2017 with the continued tightness in supply. That makes pricing stable to better. So we expect that at least right now the estimates are through the first half. It's pretty hard to project out through the second half, and so we've kind of kept the second half relatively calm and cautious. If you take a look at 3D XPoint, as we said, we've qualified. We've started to ship DIMM samples to the big cloud service guys. Those are targeted for 2018 revenue shipments on an SSD basis. We'll start shipping for revenue this quarter. And if you take a look at the full year, I think the estimate is it's around 10% of our total revenue is 3D XPoint. And you know, that'll be, it could take off and it could be a little bit more than that. It could take a little while to qualify some things if it's a little off. But you should think it's around 10% of the revenue, and really ramping much, much more into 2018. What we're proud of is you get past that first hurdle of getting the first one to production ready and starting to ship samples to their cloud guys and actually getting ready to start shipping SSDs for revenue to the client devices and all that. We're pretty excited about just getting to that point right now with 3D XPoint.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate the color.
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: And just a little more tactical, the full-year for Memory was down 1% 2016 over 2015, but the momentum that you saw is that supply chain dynamic that Brian highlighted changed. And as we began to scale our own capabilities, you saw the strong exit growth of 25% in the fourth quarter. So with that going into 2017, we feel pretty good about that growth rate in the fourth quarter as we enter the new year.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Appreciate the color on that. Maybe a question on the Programmable Solutions. The group has shown sequential declines in the prior two quarters versus your main competitor that has shown sequential growth, albeit modestly. You discussed taking share, and now you have the 14-nanometer based product. Wonder if you could provide some color on maybe why that group has lagged in the prior few quarters. But more importantly, when we should see the inflection in the business and how to think about growth in that business this year.
Brian M. Krzanich - Intel Corp.: Yeah. So let's talk about that. If I look at 2016, as we showed, we had about 7% growth over what Altera had in 2015. If you take a look at it, there's a couple of big segments that are driving that, telco, data center. And we're starting to see and in the networking space as well. Those are the big three segments. And where we started to see, as we went through especially the back half of the year, good connection between our ability to go in, and we're better together with Xeon and the FPGA as we go into that networking space. So again, as our footprint grows in networking and storage, I think it also gives us an ability to continue to bring both products to those markets. So we think in 2016, we actually gained share relative to the competition. As we look out into 2017, we forecasted again above market growth from what we understand of the current estimates, and we believe we'll gain a little bit of share again in 2017. And remember, these markets are slow moving. You don't grow 10% share instantly because the design cycles and design conversions are relatively difficult. It's again driven by data center, networking and the Telco industry. And with Stratix 10 as we said, largest design enablements in the history of Altera. So we're really excited. We believe it brings a performance and a cost to our customers that is truly industry-leading and shifting. And so we are very comfortable or confident in that; but again, that will really start to ship in the second half of 2017. And so I think that will be really driving growth in 2018. And really, if you think about these design cycles, that product will really continue to drive growth for probably the next three years plus just because these cycles are fairly long.
Bill Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Terrific color. Thanks, and congratulations on the quarter again.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thank you. And Chanel, please go ahead and introduce our last questioner.
Operator: No problem. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to ask Bob on the gross margin, your full-year is equal to the Q1. Just maybe as you look into the back half, I just wanted to make sure I heard it straight. It sounded like 14-nanometer on the server side may have some initial yield, and that would be headwind. But I'm just curious on the PC client as well. If you could just talk about the puts and takes as you ramp in 10-nanometer but you still ship a lot of 14-nanometer? What are the headwinds and tailwinds to gross margin?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: Yeah. The two tailwinds on the year-on-year flat are ASPs being a little bit better, and we anticipate that more on the DCG side. Secondly, unit cost being a little bit better, and we anticipate that more on the CCG side. And again, as I mentioned earlier, for DCG as we transition more from 22-nanometer to 14-nanometer, all else equal, that will be a little bit of a headwind in the early stages of yield for server on 14-nanometer. The headwinds particularly are strong growth coming from memory and modem. So, those two dynamics themselves, good growth increasing profitability, good earnings. However, they are at a lower margins so the mix dynamic of those are real on a year-over-year basis. So good ASP, good unit costs but mix is a challenge. And then year-on-year, factory ramp both 10-nanometer and memory are a headwind for the full-year, but it gets a little bit better in the second half, the dynamic to the first half, second half; it gets a little bit better in the second half.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then just maybe a clarification, the $3 billion you're getting from the sale, should I assume that that goes to debt retirement like you have been using your cash flow? And I guess you should get at some point this year potentially the end of the year to that net cash zero, should we think about buybacks at that point?
Robert Holmes Swan - Intel Corp.: I think the dynamics of the $3 billion, the intention is that roughly $1 billion comes in line at time of transaction, and that there's, we will provide our financing in the early stages, so we'll only get roughly $1 billion upfront. In terms of then just the net debt position during the course of the year, you can assume that we have some maturities in 2015 that will take out, sorry 2017, that will take out, and we believe by the end of the year, given those dynamics, will be closer to a net cash zero position. In term of that, that gives us the much stronger balance sheet and how we think about that, we'll continue, as I said earlier, invest in business, return capital to shareholders, and opportunistically, whether it's reducing outstanding flow, that's one that we'll continue to look at, and be opportunistic as opportunities present themselves.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Mark H. Henninger - Intel Corp.: Thanks, Blayne. All right, thank you all for joining us today. Chanel, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Head of Investor Relations Brian Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer Stacy Smith - Executive Vice President Manufacturing Sales and Operation Bob Swan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: C.J. Muse - Evercore Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Chris Danely - Citigroup Blayne Curtis - Barclays Chris Rolland - Susquehanna Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Harlan Sur - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s program Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Henninger: Thank you Jonathan and welcome everyone, to Intel’s third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you’ve not received both documents, they’re available on our investor website, intc.com. I’m joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; Stacy Smith, our Executive Vice President of Manufacturing Sales and Operations; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Swan. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from all three of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, a brief reminder, that this quarter we’ve provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today we’ll be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. Q3 was an outstanding quarter which produced records in a number of product lines and serves as evidence of our transformation to a company that powers the cloud of billions of smart connected devices. As a great proof point, third quarter revenue grew 9% over the last year to an all-time record of $15.8 billion on broad-based strength across our businesses. I’d like to take a minute to share a few of the highlights with you now. I’ll start with the Client Computing Group, which had a stellar quarter. This team is focused on delivering an annual cadence of innovative new products, improving product cost and driving operational efficiencies contributed to a remarkable 37% growth in CCG operating margins. The Client Computing Group’s revenue grew 5% over last year. But just as importantly CCG is playing in a direct and impactful role in our transformation. In the Data Center Group, revenue grew 10% year-over-year to a record $4.5 billion. We saw the growth segments of the Data Center Group accelerating at a rate above our forecast. The Cloud Service Provider segment was up 32%. And the comp service provider segment, we continued to grow at a faster rate than the market, 16% growth as the market converts of NFE and STN and demand for our products increased. In addition, non-CPU adjacencies across DCG grew an impressive 34%. This category includes our new omni-path high-performance fabric which is leading in performance and gaining design win momentum. It includes our Silicon Photonics and our Xeon Phi, all of which began to ramp this year. However, enterprise revenue was down 3%, trending below our expectations of a roughly flat year-over-year. As a result, DCG revenue growth for the full-year will likely be in the high-single digits. Another key growth opportunity for Intel, our Internet-of-Things business grew 19% over last year, setting an all-time revenue record of nearly $700 million. We saw strength across the board in retail, video and transportation segments. Revenue in our memory business was approximately flat year-over-year. 3D NAND production at the Dalian factory is ramping ahead of schedule with yields matching those of our other production facilities. We continue to see industry enthusiasm building for our groundbreaking new memory technology 3D XPoint and we’re making steady progress towards bringing it into production. Intel’s Programmable Solutions Group formerly Altera, was up 6% on strength in wire line, industrial and broadcast segments. I’m very pleased with the integration of Altera into Intel. We continue to execute against our deal thesis. And PST has produced three consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth compared to Altera’s results after adjusting for acquisition related accounting charges. In the third quarter we began sampling our Stratix 10 product, Intel’s first FPGA produced on our own process technology and also the industry’s first and only 14-nanometer FPGA. We’re shipping our first co-packaged parts for the data center and are continuing to see opportunities for design wins with PST products across many of Intel’s businesses. PST’s results show the tremendous progress and execution. The Intel Security business was up 6% over last year. Last month we announced that we will sell 51% of Intel Security to private equity first TPG and establish a jointly owned independent cyber security company named McAfee. This transaction will position McAfee to invest as an independent company while allowing Intel continues to participate in McAfee’s success and growth. Intel’s transformation continues in restructuring program that we announced in April remains on track. I’m really proud of the work our employees are doing to accelerate our strategy. A change of this magnitude is hard. And going through it has again reinforced just how talented, committed and resilient this team is. And finally, I’d like to welcome Bob to the Company as our Chief Financial Officer. He brings a wealth of leadership experience to Intel and his financial acumen and strategic insights will be an asset to the company. At the same time, I’d like to thank Stacy for an outstanding nine years as CFO. He’s been a great partner and I’m excited to have his leadership in manufacturing, sales and operations moving forward. Wrapping things up, I’m very pleased with our results in the third quarter. We introduced exciting new products, delivered strong financials and continue to realign our resources to our strategy. The progress we’re making leaves me increasingly confident in our transformation. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks Brian. In the third quarter we achieved record revenue of $15.8 billion and also achieved $5.1 billion in operating income. Revenue growth of 9% year-over-year is driven by solid growth across the Client Computing, Data Center and Internet-of-Things groups. Gross margin at 64.8% was higher than expected and up 3 points from the second quarter. Operating income grew 18% from a year ago. Earnings per share of $0.80 were up $0.14 from a year ago. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $8.9 billion up 5% year-over-year. During the third quarter, we saw strengthening of demand and an inventory-build in the world-wide PC supply-chain. This segment had another quarter of significant profit growth with operating profit growing 37% from a year ago, as revenue increased, cost came down and investment levels declined. The Data Center Group had record revenue of $4.5 billion up 10% year-over-year. In the third quarter we continued to see robust growth in the cloud segment of the business, which grew over 30% year-over-year, partially offset by a 3% decline in the enterprise segment over the same horizon. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $2.1 billion down 1% year-over-year as we increase investments and ramp Broadwell, the first 14-nanometer server product. Our Internet-of-Things business achieved revenue of $689 million, growing 19% year-over-year, driven by strength in our retail, video and transportation segments. Operating profit for the business was $191 million up 27% year-over-year. Our memory business had revenue of $649 million down 1% year-over-year. This segment had an operating loss of $134 million as a result of start-up cost for China factory and costs associated with 3D XPoint. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $425 million up 6% when compared to Altera’s results from a year ago. Operating profit was $78 million. Our security business had revenue of $537 million up 6% from a year ago. In the third quarter, we announced a newly formed jointly owned independent cyber security company called McAfee. The transaction values the business at approximately $4.2 billion and a deal-close we expect to realize a pre-tax gain on the sale of roughly $500 million when the transaction closes in the second quarter of 2017. The costs associated with the transaction are factored into our restructuring and spending guidance. Post deal-close we will own 49% of the new company. We are generating healthy levels of free cash flow, which enables us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. This has demonstrated in our third quarter results as we generated $5.8 billion cash from operations, purchased $2.5 billion in capital assets, repaid $1 billion in commercial paper, repurchased approximately $500 million of stock and paid $1.2 billion in dividends. As we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2016, we are forecasting the mid-point of the revenue range at $15.7 billion, roughly flat to the third quarter. This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply-chain to reduce the inventory. Since the last earnings call, our view of second half 2016 revenue has increased as a result of strength in the client computing and Internet-of-Things Groups, partially offset by weakness in the enterprise segment of the Data Center. We’re now forecasting the mid-point of the fourth quarter gross margin to be 63%. Spending is expected to be approximately $5.2 billion. Intel is in the midst of a significant transformation. We’re focusing on being more efficient, investing in higher-growth segments and with the McAfee transaction, we’re focusing our business on core strategic areas. Given that I would like to provide a little more context on each. We’re on track to achieve the run-rate savings and employment reductions associated with the restructuring program announced earlier this year. And in fact we’re moving faster than we anticipated. In addition, the deal involving the Intel Security Group, which was announced in the third quarter, will result in additional restructuring charges, a pre-tax gain and reduced spending levels in 2017. As a result of those restructuring charges and the increased mix of retirements and European severances, we’re increasing the restructuring and other charges forecast by $700 million to $2.3 billion. The majority of the remaining restructuring charges will be realized between now and the middle of 2017. We’re on track to the original restructuring and focusing our business on core strategic areas. This is allowing incremental investments in critical areas like the Data Center, Internet-of-Things and memory. The overall impact of the announced reductions Intel Security Group transaction and reinvestment as we expect our 2016 spending as a percent of revenue to be down almost 1 point versus 2015 and we expect to achieve another 1 point reduction in 2017 as we accelerate our transformation. In the third quarter we achieved record revenue and strong operating profits. But since this is my last earnings call, I would like to take the opportunity to provide some historical perspective and how the company has changed over the 10 years since I’ve been attending these calls, which I really think shows the transformation of our business. 10 years ago, virtually the entirety of our business was tied to the PC market. Today, we have a diversified portfolio of growing businesses, with roughly half of our profits coming from the Data Center and Internet-of-Things businesses. We’re also a different company in terms of how we look financially. 10 years ago, our revenue was approximately $35 billion with a gross margin of 52%. In 2016, we’re on a path to almost $59 billion in revenue with a gross margin of 63%. And over the past 10 years, we’ve increased our dividend from $0.40 per share to $1.04 per share, and we’ve repurchased about $55 billion of stock. Looking forward, Intel is positioned with technology leadership and amazing workforce and significant market opportunity as we power the cloud at the heart of all of these smart and connected devices. I’m excited about how we’re positioned for growth and my next role in the Company and about the leadership experience and continued focus on driving long-term shareholder value that Bob will bring as CFO. With that, let me turn it over to Bob for a few words.
Bob Swan: Thanks Stacy and thanks Brian. I’m both excited and very honored to be joining the team at Intel. The Company has had a profound impact on the world with industry-leading technologies that has a great business model driven by Moore’s Law and an outstanding balance sheet. Additionally I’m inheriting a top-notch world-class finance organization. It’s an extremely exciting time in the company’s history as we transition from a PC-centered company to one that powers the cloud in billions of smart connected devices. I’m looking forward to the journey. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Okay. Thank you Brian, Stacy and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A as is our normal practice we would ask each participant to ask one question and a follow-up if you have one. Jonathan, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Certainly. Our first questioner comes from the line of C.J, Muse from Evercore. Your question please.
C.J. Muse: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question on DCG, you took the number down for Q4. Curious how we should think about contribution from enterprise looking into 2017, when you think that could stabilize. And then as you start to think about greater contributions from hyperscale and networking, is that 10% to 15% sustainable or should we be thinking high single digits going forward? Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Hi C.J. this is Stacy. So, let me take the first part of that question. So, yes, I mean as we just said on the call, what we’re seeing in the Data Center is very strong growth rates in the cloud, very strong growth rates in networking and storage as those areas become virtualized and our products extending to those areas. And then we saw some weakness in the enterprise in Q3 and that’s what we’re expecting for Q4. I think we’re going to hold-off on providing a forecast for 2017 at this time. We would normally provide that to you in January and then have a much more in-depth conversation in the investor meeting in February.
C.J. Muse: Okay, very helpful. And I guess on the PC front, given the volatility there, I wouldn’t expect you guys to put the flag down and say that we’ve completely stabilized. But curious what trends you can speak to in terms of growth, perhaps, I guess in emerging markets and what that speaks to in terms of the trajectory for unit demand from here?
Brian Krzanich: Sure and I would agree, we’re not going to raise the flag and say everything is good again. But if you take a look at this quarter, what we saw was kind of an increased strength in the areas that have been strong in the past. So, definitely the mature markets were a bit stronger. The one that was probably a little bit of a shift is China, was a little bit better than we had forecasted as well. Enterprise was again strong, consumer was better but it’s still not back to where we consider it where we would like to see the consumer side. And it was a good mix between desktop and mobile products, laptops and devices like that. So, it’s kind of an increase in what’s been strong in the past as really what drove the growth for this quarter.
Mark Henninger: Operator, please go ahead and introduce our next questioner.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your question please.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, DCG revenue was up 10% year-over-year, operating profit down year-over-year. I know you had sort of highlighted some increased investments. But we also have cloud growth in networking and some of the other non-CPU stuff that’s been growing as well. How should we think about that change in the growth drivers in terms of impacting the margins over the last year? And how should we think about the likely margin trends for the business as we go into next year?
Stacy Smith: Yes, I’ll take that and then Brian, maybe want to talk about more the longer-term. But it’s not a driver what we saw in the third quarter, they really are the two issues. We have been very consciously increasing investment there, we see tremendous long-term opportunity, so that’s been an ongoing process for us. But anything that really kicked in this quarter is they’re ramping their first 14-nanometer server product which is Broadwell for the server market and those first products coming out on that product-line are fairly expensive. To the mix question, it doesn’t really drive things probably as much as you would expect. We have very strong product margins across the portfolio of server products and the enterprise or in the Data Center ranging from enterprise to storage to networking. And in fact when we look at the server ASPs, we actually saw ASPs up kind of across the board in every one of our server categories, so MP, DP, and so it really is a mix impact of what you see happening in this quarter, where it’s a little weaker on enterprise and a little stronger in places like networking.
Brian Krzanich: Yes, and Stacy maybe this is Brian, maybe let me help you just think about the data center from a larger perspective right. As Stacy said, what you have to really take a look here is, the growth areas that we said we were going to continue to grow and the cloud service provider, the Telco, networking and storage, networking specifically is, was the more our fastest growing areas of the data center. And in the adjacencies which are all new emerging markets for us around things like Silicon Photonics and omni-path fabric and all. All of those are growing at or above what we had forecasted and doing quite well. And as Stacy said, across each of those, our ASPs are both increasing and if you take a look at that, even if you go down to like an Atom server, the Atom-based server, yes, their ASPs are lower but the margins are still quite healthy down there, because their costs are quite a bit lower. So you got to keep all of that into perspective as you look at the mix that goes across these. What happens quarter is that we anticipate the enterprise to go from that low-single-digit decline to roughly flat and it just hasn’t, enterprise market hasn’t showed up there yet. We’re working on tactics to show that up over the next couple of quarters and we’re still very convinced on the long-term path of those growth areas that we described are going to be what drives the data center.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you. For my follow-up, I’d like to touch on the last point you just made. So enterprise is, like you said was disappointed this quarter. But I mean, let’s be honest, enterprise has been in decline for years. Why would it stabilize, why would it start growing, why is the - I know we’ve probably talked about this over, why is the cloud growth that we’re seeing in the enterprise with this indicative of that cloud growth, I just - I don’t understand why we should expect that business to ever turn around? Can you give us some color on that?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. I think there is two parts to this. A certain amount of the enterprise weakness right that has occurred over the last few years is certainly driven by movement of those enterprise applications to the cloud. And we’re very comfortable it doesn’t really matter for us from a product definition or product performance standpoint whether it goes, those applications go to the cloud or whether they stay in the enterprise. That said, there is several enterprises that we are in talks with it that all want to grow, they’re all private clouds. And they’re really looking at how best to do that, when do they do that. So I think it’s more, the customer feedback we’re getting that gives us some confidence that the enterprise side with their own private clouds will continue to see some improvement. It’s not going to be a growth area though, so don’t take this as I’m saying Stacy that this is going to be a growth segment. What we’re saying is, given what we’re seeing from customers, we should see some level of stabilization or less of a decline didn’t show up this quarter, we’ll have to take a look at that as we move through into ‘17.
Stacy Smith: And just on a tactical basis, Stacy, to reinforce. Our forecast now for the data center for Q4 also is not including improvement in this segment of the business.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And before I forget, thanks and good luck to Stacy in his new role.
Stacy Smith: Thank you.
Vivek Arya: So, first question is again staying on the data center theme. Can you quantify the enterprise mix in DCG now and is that required to be flat in order to maintain the double-digit growth in DCG or can it actually start growing double-digit if the growth in other areas remains at this current pace just because of the mix-effect?
Stacy Smith: So, let me take a shot at the quantification question and again I think we’ll, Brian talked about this bullishness on the long-term for the data center but we’ll hold-off on specific CAGRs in 2017 forecast to both Earnings and then the Investor Meeting. On the, I think you were referring back to what I showed a year ago which was the size of the enterprise versus the size of the data center - or size of the cloud for the server segment of DCG and that we were heading towards a crossover between those. Again, we’ll update that explicitly come February. But based on what we’ve seen this year with really robust growth still recurring in the cloud so, again this quarter over 30% and our weaker than expected enterprise I think that cross-over point pulls in. And then I think you have a phenomenon that says the cloud portion of the enterprise becomes so big and continues to grow at a fast pace that we can certainly maintain a robust growth rate even if the enterprise segment is not growing to slightly weak.
Vivek Arya: And as my follow-up, a longer-term question, I think there is a debate in the industry that computation is becoming parallel with this growth in deep learning and machine learning which benefits products like GPUs more than CPUs. I’m wondering would you agree with that and do you think this parallel computing market is incremental or cannibalistic for Intel? Thank you.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. So, firstly - to your first question I 100% agree with what Stacy said. And I expect that these growing segments that’s why we focus on them so much and we’ll be the dominant as we move out into the later parts of this decade. Your question on accelerators really is what you’re asking, when you take a look at GPUs and things like deep learning, the first thing you have to separate out is things like are you talking about the deep learning on the learning portion or the scoring portion. And so, we don’t look at accelerators as cannibalistic because you still have to have a Xeon System with those when you go to, actually do the implementation of the deep learning applications. The second thing we tell you is that we actually had worked over the last two years or so to really implement a much broader collection of accelerators when you think about these. If you want to think about kind of the rates of performance of each one of these, you have FPGAs which are accelerators and we see those accelerators go into everything from networking devices to machine learning applications. Those have high levels of flexibility that can be programmed on the fly but maybe not quite the performance. Then you have GPUs, GPUs do have as we say, good accelerating performance in certain linear algorithms. Those are quite good and we have our Xeon Phi in that space. And then the highest performance area, are ASIC where they’re workload specific and designed around the algorithm specifically. And you saw our applications of Nirvana; we also did an acquisition of Movidius earlier this quarter. Those are all very specific workloads around machine learning that are basic driven and even give higher performance. So, we look at those accelerators as being enhancing this growth. You sell a Xeon typically with that so it doesn’t cannibalize the business. And we believe we have the widest really offerings of these accelerators from FPGAs through the Xeon Phi and then into basic driven devices.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on gross margins. In your Q4 guide, you have memory and higher factory start-up cost on 10-nanometer working against you. But I was curious when you would expect these items to fade and potentially provide a tailwind to gross margins?
Stacy Smith: Yes, so, this is Stacy, that’s a good question. So typically on the shape of start-up costs, you would expect that 10-nanometer costs go up in the back half of this year as you’re seeing they stay high into the first two to three quarters of next year and then they start to fall-off in the back half of next year. So, I’ll just stick with that for now and then we’ll let Bob to show you the kind of start-up cost trends as he thinks that that’s important. On the memory costs, what you’re seeing is really two impacts. One; is the start-up cost associated with Dalian China factory for memory and then some of the first wafers coming out for 3D NAND and 3D XPoint. And I’d expect that that starts to get better into next year, it’s hard to pick the quarter but it should become a tailwind as we get kind of into 2017.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, great. As my follow-up I have a question on CapEx as well. Based on your annual guide, I think the implied Q4 number is close to $3.5 billion which is clearly a pretty big number. Should we take this as a new normal for Intel or is this a one-off quarter where you’re spending aggressively in both the core business and a memory and that the quarterly run rate going forward should revert to somewhere in the $2 billion to $2.5 billion range? Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Yes, I think if you go back to the guide, I think we probably talked about sometime prior April that I pointed to Q4 as probably being a pretty high CapEx quarter and it’s a combination of where we’re at in purchasing the first production that for 10-nanometer and where we’re at with the memory factory in China. So, I think you’re seeing some lumpiness, I wouldn’t run rate that out.
Brian Krzanich: Yes, this is Brian. I mean just having managed CapEx in this Company for years, you really have to take a look at our annual guidance because literally within the quarter-to-quarter the tools would push out, we’ll try and always be more efficient and where you’ll have these kinds of one-time kind of up-side things come together. So we expect our annualized run rate for this year to be the $9.5 billion or so that we forecasted and don’t expect that quarterly run rate to be indicative of Q4.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Toshiya.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
John Pitzer: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess my first question is just relative to what’s embedded within PCs for the calendar fourth quarter, it’s getting a little bit more difficult to kind of track because of CCG including the mobile. And if you kind of looking at the volume growth in the September quarter, it was clearly above normal seasonal trends for the core PC businesses. So, how much below seasonal do you think PCs will be in the calendar fourth quarter and how are you guys thinking about sort of the inventory channel management in Q4?
Stacy Smith: Yes. I’d say from in-market standpoint it’s pretty seasonal. And then from our business it’s the impact that Brian and I both talked about which is, we saw some strengthening of demand in the third quarter, we saw some refilling of the pipeline which was kind of lean coming in. And then in Q4, we’re expecting kind of seasonal in-demand but some depletion of inventory pipeline. And it doesn’t take much, if you think about the size of the PC market, you’re down to changes in inventory levels across the worldwide PC supply chain it was measured in days or certainly less than a week of inventory that kind of shifts around.
John Pitzer: And then guys, and as my follow-up, all year long you guys have sort of been giving what’s turned out to be conservative gross margin guidance by quarter. You’ve been beating that guidance in part this quarter helped by all the PC volume. But I’m just kind of curious as you’ll get to calendar fourth quarter I guess I understand the headwinds coming from memory and 10-nanometer startups. But what about some of the tailwinds from 14-nanometer, I mean, you’re kind of going into a period now where you’re reaching materials in PCs on ‘14, you should start to be reaching materials on servers for ‘14. How much of a tailwind is that and are we looking at another quarter of conservative guide on the gross margin line?
Stacy Smith: I guess I can only say I’m sure Bob will do a better job of forecasting gross margin than I have done. I highlighted for you the two big items from Q3 to Q4 which are the things that are worth a point and it’s as stated the increase in 10-nanometer start-up cost and what we see going on in the memory business for the elements that I saw. Yes, I think we’ll see some slight benefit associated with 14-nanometer, I also think will be down a little bit in terms of PC volume but those are all relatively small impacts to the gross margin forecast.
John Pitzer: Thanks guys.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, my first question is on the CCG side of things. And specifically in the third quarter you talked about the ASPs year-over-year and desktops and notebooks and overall. I think the ASPs were up 6% in CCG but the desktop and notebook side were both well below that. Is that just the counter revenue still in there or is there anything we can read through on to the mobile business given those differences?
Stacy Smith: Yes, that’s a great question. So yes, and we published what we saw happen in notebook and desktop ASPs that the piece that’s missing as relatively small but it has a fairly big impact on the averages that within the phone and tablet products we saw relatively less volume in Q4 so we got our Q3, we got the mix effect. And that ASP is up dramatically on a year-on-year basis as a result of the abatement of the counter-revenue program. So that’s the missing piece you need to get to the overall platform ASP math.
Ross Seymore: So, I guess as a follow-up switching over to the OpEx side of things, Stacy, in your script you mentioned about the OpEx to revenue improving by about a point this year year-over-year and then again another point next year. Can you just walk us through a little bit about what that means either from a linearity perspective or an absolute dollar perspective? Any more color would be appreciated?
Stacy Smith: Sure. I’d be happy to do that. So, let me just, let me take you all the way back to, because I think this gets very confusing because we obviously had the restructuring program in place. We now have the spin-out or the divestiture excuse me, the Intel Security business, the timing of those things will play out differently over the course of next year. So I just thought it was best to clean all of this, up and give you one metric for the year that summarizes everything. And so, starting with restructuring, it’s on track. When you look at the savings that we’ve already generated this year, really the only adjustment to the spending guide that we’ve made when we started the restructuring as the fact that profits and revenue is up and we have some profit and revenue dependent spending. But you can kind of see we’re over three quarters saving on the order of $700 million, you can take of it as an annualized run rate of a little north of $1 billion of savings that then rolls into next year. Then we’ll get some incremental savings, we throw McAfee into the mix here and we’re going to make some reinvestments as we talk about some of the areas that are important, think of data center and IoT and memory. And so, when you add all that up, it would just give you an all-in number that captures the full calendar 2017. What we’re expecting is that from the starting point of 2015, we’re down about a point in 2016. And we should be down on the order of another point next year in 2017 with all of this all-in, the restructuring, McAfee and the reinvestment. I hope that helped?
Ross Seymore: Yes, it did. Thank you. And congrats on your new gig.
Stacy Smith: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup. Your question please.
Chris Danely: Thanks guys. Just on the PCU, you guys were pretty much first to call the inventory burn in Q1 of this year. In terms of your call for inventory burn in the PC channel for Q4, is this reflected in your order book, is this what your customers and channel partners are telling you or is this kind of you guys think that, things were little too good in Q3 so thereafter ease up little bit in Q4?
Brian Krzanich: I’d tell you it’s a mix, we have some indications from some of our partners that they were some inventory building tied to various skews. We’re also watching the sell-through as it goes all the way through the OEMs and out into the retail sectors. So, it’s never a guess on our part. It’s always some combination of that dataset that is what the OEMs tell us what we see in retail and our discussions with retail and even just our own, we go out and collect that data in the retail space of what people are doing, what’s the basically population density at a place like best-buy, how many people are out there, buying PC versus something else on the store. And we compile all that data to give that forecast. Like Stacy said, we’re not talking about a major shift in the inventory, we’re talking about a couple of days, about a couple of days when you ship a million units a day is a big number, when you take a look at the ASPs and a million units a day. So, it doesn’t take a big swing, we’re not talking weeks here, we’re talking a couple of days.
Stacy Smith: And I would say, the order book is much less meaningful than it used to be because in many cases we hold inventory at a hub at our customer’s location. The cancellation policy is such that they only pull demand when they need it. We have policies to make sure we’re not creating false incentives for them to take demand they don’t want. So, while we do have some indication of what they want, it can change on a daily basis.
Chris Danely: Got it, great, and then for my follow-up a question on inventory. So sales were up over $2 billion but your inventory only went down a little bit. Can you just comment on why that happened and where utilization rates are going? What you feel comfortable as far as inventory levels go, does it worry you at all?
Stacy Smith: Yes, it came in pretty much right where I was expecting Chris. What we saw is a reduction in CPU inventory in the third quarter. And even within that a pretty sizeable reduction in first generation 14-nanometer products being replaced by second generation 14-nanometer products. So, that played out as expected. And then we saw some increases in other areas in inventory kind of non-CPU areas. And then, we’re still on track, those looking at, we’re expecting from a sales standpoint and what we’re expecting from overall builds and yields and everything, we’re still on track to have inventory come down in Q4 which is what I signaled on the last call.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your question please.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to circle back on DCG. Just when you look at the way September played out and as we look into December, it was enterprise really the only area that changed. And I’m just trying to understand you talked about a mix of networking, was there any difference and you had also talked about some lumpiness in cloud. Did that all play out as you expected?
Brian Krzanich: Yes, it absolutely did. We tried to talk about the numbers in the preview at the start just showing you five segments there, cloud, Telco, Networking and Storage, and then the adjacencies, they all grew at or above our forecast. Those are still, as we talked about earlier in one of the questions, growing in percentage of our overall data center business, so they weren’t quite enough to offset 3-percentage decline in the enterprise side. But absolutely that was the story for the quarter. We’re quite happy and I think our thesis of what continues to drive their growth is holding. When we go out and talk to our partners and customers about what’s driving cloud growth, what’s going to drive the networking and storage requirements, out in time we start to look at devices like autonomous cars and the IoT network in general. All of those things are driving large requirements into those data centers in those growth segments. And so that’s what gives us the comfort that yes this will continue. And our forecasts are holding in those spaces.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for that. And just on the non-volatile group you’ve been spending a lot of money another big CapEx in Q4 here. Can you just talk about when the capacity additions could lead to revenue and then as you look at the operating margin of that business when could it be a positive contributor?
Brian Krzanich: I’ll start with the first and then I’ll let Stacy talk about the margins. Absolutely as we said and I think Stacy said a couple of minutes ago as well, in our Dalian China Factory, we are now running wafers, the yields are quite good they’re as good as our existing factories. So you’ll see that factory now ramp through the first half roughly of next year and as most of that spending will occur in that same timeframe as far as adding the equipment to facilitate that ramp. And from there then it’s just purely just running the volume and continuing to grow in that space. That’s primarily 3D NAND. And again, we believe we have a cost performance that is quite good relative to the rest of the market. The 3D XPoint we are in the process of shipping samples now to customers by, as we go through this quarter, we’ll ship thousands of samples to customers. We’re targeting to start, finish qualification at the end of this quarter. And that ramp really starts it’s really a 2018 ramp for that product. So you’ll see it again, the revenue and hence the cost go down on 3D XPoint as we go into next year as well.
Stacy Smith: Yes, let me - I’ll hit on the margin but do you want to do a shout-out to the China factory team, I was just out there and I was being a little humble. The yields on their first production material matched the yields on the mature production facility which is a phenomenal result for a factory. So they’re doing quite well. In terms of the overall margin if you look at, just focus on Q3, what we saw in Q3 is an improvement in the underlying NAND business being offset by increased start-up cost associated with Dalian China and some increased costs associated with 3D XPoint. As Brian said, when we get into the first half of next year, those products are ramping and so we should start to see pretty significant improvements in the overall P&L because that headwind if you will goes away and we have a very competitive very cost competitive product line that we’re selling in the market.
Brian Krzanich: Just a correction, the team here just caught me on. I think I had my ears off. So, on the 3D XPoint it will be qualified at the end of this quarter. And we’re shipping thousands of samples to customers, we’re shipping samples already, we’ll ship thousands through this quarter. And it ramps in 2017, I think I said by mistake 2018, I’m sorry I’m just too many years that were talking through here. So, ramp in ‘17, revenue growth in ‘17, samples, thousands in the fourth quarter and qualified at the end of the quarter. Sorry for that confusion.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Rolland from Susquehanna. Your question please.
Chris Rolland: Hi guys thanks for the question. Welcome Bob and congrats on your guy’s PC number. Do you guys think that there is some cannibalization here of Broadwell from those waiting for the release of the Purley platform next year? And also, how do you guys view the value prop for Purley? You guys have a faster interface there, more pins than IO. But do you think there’s some killer feature there that makes Purley much stronger than typical platform ramp?
Brian Krzanich: Sure, so, I think I heard all of your questions. But I think your question is in, you can correct me if I got it wrong. How much of the enterprise slowdown that we saw is being driven by cannibalization basically of people waiting for Purley a.k.a. SkyLake platform and then what are the real features that we’re looking for that drive SkyLake performance? Did I get that right?
Chris Rolland: Yes. I’m just trying to gauge if there could be a reacceleration in DCG around Purley.
Brian Krzanich: So, first, it’s always very difficult for us, I mean, if you take a look at Broadwell, the Broadwell platform, the performance is quite good. What we find is that each one of these generations as long as you stay on this cost performance curve, people are willing to go buy those that are running these cloud platforms quite quickly. And so, we’re seeing demand for Broadwell from the cloud service providers, from the networking and Telco side quite strong. So we don’t think we see if we’re going to see performance based cannibalization you’d see it in those real high-level performance sectors first actually I would think. So, we don’t see that. On the Purley platform we’re actually starting to sample those products already to some of the leading edge customers. And they’re seeing not only just an overall TCO performance advantage that we typically see with each one of these but this also continues our integration of things like the omni-path fabric, it has more integration of the silicon photonics so it’s still the adjacency functions that are quite strong, and they will get more and better as we go through each one of these, there will be a second generation of Purley that includes 3D XPoint. It allows pooling of memory and then there will be future ones that will allow additional pooling of things like FPGA. So, each one of these now add some additional features across the rack that really helps in the overall system performance.
Chris Rolland: Great. Thanks for that. And then a lot of discussions that I’ve had with the channel recently have been fairly positive around PC ASP increases next year. And part of this is the mix towards enterprise as consumer mix down. But others are pointing to sort of an inflection in ultrabooks, thin and light. So let’s say we got a massive ASP increase in laptops, like they’re up 10% or something like that. What kind of fall-through would we expect for CPU ASPs?
Brian Krzanich: 100% of that. Firstly I do want to recognize that our OEM partners are putting out some great products. And I think you’re going to have to take a look at this and really ask, that’s a pretty interesting scenario and I’m very hesitant to this. But typically Stacy is right, if ASPs go up across the board at the system level, it tends to float all boats. So our OEM partners would see an increase, we’d see an increase, the other partners within that infrastructure would see. We really more think of our pricing though as value base. So as we bring out new products and bring out new features we make sure that the value-based pricing is there and that people are either getting more value for the same price or quite a bit more for slightly increased price. So, I think it’s such a unique scenario, it just over across the board, all of a sudden one day prices go up, actually we wouldn’t necessarily float through that ASP to our end-partners because we didn’t necessarily drive that from new features. If it happens with 10-nanometer launch and it’s because of features then we do have those. So we do it based on what value we provide to the end user and our OEM partners.
Stacy Smith: And if I can just add, the way we would see that is actually with a mixing app, we don’t raise our pricing but the way you articulate this, if it’s a bunch of high-end notebook, ultrathin like, we would see a mixing up of our overall demand. And in fact it is one of the phenomenons that we’ve been seeing I think we’ve done a good job of creating a differentiated product line. And this quarter we saw great sales of i7s and notebooks. So, it’s consistent with what you’re seeing in your channels.
Brian Krzanich: And probably the best example of that is the gaining space right. We continue to see, we put out the case skew, 12-core monster and we wonder how many people are going to go buy it, and we find we’re sold out. So I think that’s an example where “RSPs” go up but it’s a really a mix function. But otherwise it’s going to be, we always just do pricing based on value and features that we bring.
Chris Rolland: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Mark Henninger: And operator I think we got time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company. Your question please.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. I guess, my first question is, I think you had said at the spring analyst meeting that the enterprise would be a little bit less than half of DCG this year, revenue-wise. So, can you right-size us sort of on what enterprise will be as a percentage of DCG just in the fourth quarter?
Stacy Smith: Yes, so, this is Stacy, and I think I took a stab at this earlier but let me just reiterate what I said. And to be clear, I was talking CPUs. And so if you take the slides that I showed back a year ago, we’ve seen robust growth rates in the cloud, we’ve seen less than expected growth rates in the enterprise. So if anything we’ve pulled in those cross-over points. Beyond that we haven’t given a new percentage and that would be something that we would logically talk about when we give the longer-term perspective to the market in this coming February investor meeting.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. And then I want to ask a question on the mobile losses. I know that you don’t break out MCG anymore. But I think I asked you last call about feeling good about this $800 million improvement in losses this year. So, I guess, that would get you to roughly a loss of $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion in the former MCG. Can you talk in light of the iPhone win, can you talk maybe how you think about the degree to which you could get further improvement in that number next year? Thanks.
Stacy Smith: Sure. So first-off let me just say as is our standard practice. We don’t talk about our customer, what technology they use inside their products in this space. So I’m not going to confirm or anything on a particular win. But I’ll take you back to the mobile last year. So, as you got right, we no longer have a mobile segment we haven’t for a while. We had articulated that in 2015 we expected to improve the loss by $800 million we actually ended up closer to $1 billion. We said everything we know of what’s going on with counter revenue and investments and margin improvements and all of that. That we’d expect something on the order of an $800 million improvement in ‘16. Everything I know from there would say we’re on-track or exceeding that just because we know this has gone through our restructuring, we’ve made some further disinvestments, as you just heard earlier, our volumes were little lower, our counter revenue is looking a little lower, the product margins all look good. So, I’m not saying anything that say it’s smaller, if anything it’s going to be bigger in terms of the overall savings. And I do just want to reiterate it’s impossible for us to detangle it going forward. So, where you really feel is in the CCG operating results. And as we started this call, they had phenomenal operating margins this quarter. And everything went right, revenue growth, they saw unit cost coming down, they’re making I think prudent disinvestment decisions. And when you add all that up they become a real kind of cash and profit driver for the company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question then comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the IoT business, it’s good to see the reacceleration in growth. Can you just talk about the sustainability of the double-digits year-over-year growth trends and the sustainability of the 20%-plus operating margins on a go-forward basis? I know you mentioned broad-based strength across the verticals. Maybe you can just also talk about some of the product segments that are powering this growth?
Brian Krzanich: Yes, sure. I’m trying to make sure I really think about what question you’re asking. Can we sustain the double-digit growth? We absolutely believe that we can and we’ve tested that with our deals that we see on plate going forward, but we’ve kind of forward tested that. And we’ve looked at our product road-maps and what we’re bringing out and we got products like Atlas Peak and Atlas Peak 2 that are coming that are Broxton-based products that are quite strong and quite capable in this segment and priced and designed right for that. But the segments are going to continue to believe, we believe the video analytics segment that continues to go well, there are other segments of the industrial segment that we believe will continue to grow on machine automation, machine factory automation think of this as factory automation. The retail segment will continue to be an area where it continues to grow. And then automotive, and you saw us make deals for example this quarter with BMW on autonomous driving which is a little further out but that’s just an example, you’ll also see products from Land Rover and a variety of other OEMs that are a mix of everything from autonomous driving programs to in-vehicle infotainment type systems. And those systems are quite, we’re thinking them more and more as servers on wheels as you start looking at all of the adjacencies too, they’re needing connectivity, they’re needing storage, they’re needing Silicon Photonics for moving the infotainment, basically the graphics video around the system. They use FPGAs for accelerators like we talked about earlier. So, when we look across those segments, and we test it out, we do believe we could continue that. Those are also high compute areas and it’s what gives us the confidence in the margin functions as well. They tend to reuse a lot of our intellectual property from the PC segment and carry that down over Intel right, that’s one of the real strengths of Intel’s integrated device manufacturing kind of business model. And so, the amount of investment required to bring those to market are less then, if you start from scratch and that’s your only product. And so that’s what gives us the confidence in the margin space as well.
Harlan Sur: Great, and then thanks for the insights there. On the cellular modem front, obviously the team is driving good success here with the 7360 this year. Looks like you guys are continuing to drive the road maps. I notice that your next-generation platform, the 7480, was just qualified at AT&T just this month. This was actually about the same time last year that you guys qualified the 7360 at AT&T. So, now that it’s qualified, can you just help us understand when should we expect 7480 to show up in mobile devices? Would this be 2017, and any other color you can provide us in terms of other global carriers that you’ve qualified this new chipset with?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. So, I think you really want to think the modem space as really an annual cadence. And I think that’s what it’s taking us a while to get to is, to get to that annual pace. But we really believe we’re on a clip now. And as you said, the 7480 is now qualified. As we said, it’s qualified to AT&T there. We typically go then out and around the world, so you’ll see it many of the same places that the 7360 got qualified, in Europe, in China, other parts of Southeast Asia. So those will be ongoing now. And you should just think about we’re really targeting modem technology advancements on an annual basis. And typically right, they get qualified in the third and fourth quarter of the year before and then customers start to roll-out those devices, typically more towards the second half of the following year. So you should see these things start to show up in devices in the second half of 2017. And you should just think about that from this business from here on. We should come out with another series next year at this year with the 2018 kind of target. And that’s really our business model for the modems moving forward.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Mark Henninger: Great. Thank you all for joining us today. And Jonathan, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Certainly. This does conclude the question-and-answer session as well as today’s program. Thank you for your participation. And have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Henninger. You may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to Intel's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO, and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. So with that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark. Our top line results for the quarter came in right in line with outlook, and profitability this quarter exceeded our expectations. Year-over-year growth this quarter was 3% overall, as we transform Intel into a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart connected devices. We continue to focus on growth in line with this transformation, as evidenced by results in the data center, IoT, and Programmable Solutions business this quarter. I'd like to take a few minutes to walk through these results and their implications. I'll start with the Client Computing Group, where we saw a 3% decline in revenue year over year this quarter, while operating margin was up 19%. These results were a little better than we expected, as the PC supply chain reduced inventories at a slightly slower rate, while the 2-in-1 and enthusiast product lines continued to grow. We also started shipping our seventh generation Core microprocessor, formerly known as Kaby Lake, and our latest LTE modem, known as 7360. Next, the data center, where revenue grew 5% year over year, cloud services providers grew 9%, comm service providers grew 10%, and enterprise was down 1%. We achieved some critical milestones in the quarter that give us confidence in our growing momentum as we enter the second half of the year. In the data center, we're seeing an ongoing preference for performance up and down the pricing stack. Average selling prices increased year over year in every microprocessor product segment from Atom and Xeon D SOCs at the low end, up through Xeon and Xeon Phi at the high end. We continued to gain share in Network Infrastructure throughout the entire segment, as Intel architecture becomes the solution of choice for the transformation of the network to SDN, NFV, and 5G. The significant share gains at the low end of the Network Infrastructure segment resulted in an overall 1% decline in data center CPU average selling prices. Progress in the data center extended beyond our CPU product lines. Our latest Xeon Phi accelerator, formerly known as Knights Landing, continued to ramp after shipping the first limited production units in December of last year. Xeon Phi revenue grew 8x in the first six months of this year versus all of 2015, gaining share in the supercomputing and machine learning segments. Omni-Path, our high-performance computing fabric, was launched earlier this year and has already achieved 30% market segment share of the 100-gig fabric market. In June's Top 500 Supercomputing list, Omni-Path was deployed in half of the new 100-gig systems, pointing to the performance that this technology brings to the market. This quarter, we also shipped our first silicon photonics products for revenue, the industry's only fully integrated solution. We expect DCG's adjacent product lines, including Omni-Path, silicon photonics, and Ethernet, to collectively grow more than 20% for the full year and this quarter make up 12% of DCG's revenue. The Internet of Things business was up 2% over last year, coming in below our expectations. We saw growth in the industrial and video verticals, offset by an inventory burn after a very strong first quarter. We continue to see tremendous potential in this business. A great example was demonstrated earlier this month when we announced our autonomous driving collaboration with BMW and Mobileye, marking a significant step for the auto industry as we work together to establish an industry standard open platform for autonomous driving. In addition, we are bringing Indian computing technology to power the next generation of BMW's highly autonomous and fully autonomous products, from the door locks to the data center. Our Memory business was down 20% over last year and fell short of our expectations as a result of a more competitive pricing environment. While we acknowledge the cyclical and competitive nature of this business, we remain confident in our long-term growth prospects as a result of the new technologies we are bringing to this market. Fab 68 in Dalian, China, started its initial 3D NAND wafers late in the second quarter, but ahead of schedule. We also remain on track to ship 3D XPoint SSDs, branded Optane, by the end of the year, and look forward to delivering this exciting new breakthrough in memory to the industry. The Programmable Solutions Group, formerly known as Altera, delivered great results. PSG grew 12% over Altera's results last year on strength in comms, infrastructure, and the channel. PSG is on track to ship 14-nanometer Stratix 10 samples this year, and I'm very pleased with both the integration of this business and their strong execution. Our Security business was up 10%, as the restructuring the team completed last year and their focused execution continues to deliver results. And finally, our restructuring initiative that we began last quarter is solidly on track. This program is changing where and how we invest in everything from research and development to sales and marketing. In April, we announced some important changes to our roadmaps in areas like SOCs and perceptual computing. These changes are accelerating our transformation to a company that powers the cloud and the billions of smart connected computing devices while increasing the profitability in our client business. In total, we expect this initiative will drive net run rate OpEx savings of $1.4 billion by mid-2017. Looking ahead, I'm very excited about the growing momentum heading into the second half of the year. While we remain cautious about the PC segment and continue to expect a decline in the high single digits this year, we're expecting our businesses outside of CCG to collectively deliver double-digit growth in the third quarter. We are seeing clear signs that our strategy is working, laying a solid foundation for growth built on the data center and the Internet of Things business, reinforced by the combination of memory and FPGAs and bound together by connectivity. With that, let me turn it over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Brian. In the second quarter, we met our financial commitments and made good progress towards our restructuring goals. Our forecast reflects growing momentum as we enter the back half of 2016. Revenue for the second quarter was $13.5 billion, in line with expectations and up 3% year over year. Gross margin for the quarter of 62% was approximately a point higher than our expectations, primarily driven by lower platform unit costs. Spending on R&D and MG&A was $5.2 billion, in line with our expectations. We are on track to the restructuring announced on the last earnings call, with a reduction of about 6,000 employees in the second quarter. Operating income of $3.2 billion was down 2% from a year ago. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 20%. Earnings per share at $0.59 was down $0.03 from a year ago. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $7.3 billion, down 3% year over year. Client Computing Group operating profit was $1.9 billion, up 19% from a year ago. This improvement is driven by lower overall spending and margin improvements in our mobile products and higher ASPs in the PC segment. The worldwide PC supply chain inventory levels came down a bit in the second quarter, and as we enter the second half they are at healthy levels. Data Center revenue was $4 billion, up 5% year over year. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.8 billion, down 4% year over year, primarily driven by increased costs as we ramp 14-nanometer data center products. As we enter the second half, we expect the enterprise segment of the business to stabilize and the cloud segment growth rate to accelerate. In addition, we expect increasing ASPs as we ramp our Broadwell-based server products. Our Internet of Things segment achieved revenue of $572 million, with year-over-year growth of 2%. Our security business had revenue of $537 million, up 10% year over year. Our memory business had revenue of $554 million, down 20% year over year. This segment had an operating loss of $224 million as a result of continued pricing pressures, higher startup costs as we ramp 3D NAND in our China factory, and increased 3D XPoint spending. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $465 million, up 12% year over year when compared to Altera's results from a year ago. Operating profit was negative $62 million. This includes about $160 million in non-cash charges for inventory adjustments. Excluding these charges would result in about $100 million in positive operating profit. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was roughly $17.7 billion, up $2.6 billion from the first quarter. Our total debt is $28.6 billion. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt and inclusive of our other longer-term investments, is negative $5.7 billion. We are projecting to improve this net cash balance over the second half of the year. We are generating healthy levels of free cash flow, which enable us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. This is demonstrated our Q2 results, as we generated $3.8 billion of cash from operations in the second quarter, purchased $2.3 billion in capital assets, and repurchased approximately $800 million of stock. In the second quarter, we also paid $1.2 billion in dividends. And as of yesterday's close of market, our dividend yield was about 3%. As we look forward to the third quarter of 2016, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range of $14.9 billion. This forecast is at the high end of the average seasonal increase for the third quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 62%. Turning to the full year 2016, we expect revenue growth in the mid-single digits. We continue to expect the overall PC market to be down in the high single digits, and we expect to achieve low double-digit growth in our Data Center business. Gross margin for the full year of 2016 is expected to be 62%, consistent with our prior outlook. You can see our strategy playing out in our first half results and our expectations for the second half. We expect above-seasonal growth in the back half of the year, led by strong growth in the Data Center, Internet of Things, and Memory businesses. And for the year we expect that growth in those businesses will offset the PC market decline, and with the addition of the Programmable Solutions Group, will result in mid-single-digit revenue growth. Additionally, we are executing to our restructuring program, which allows us to increase investments in strategically important areas, generate financial returns for our owners, and build the foundation for future financial growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Okay, thank you, Brian and Stacy. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and one follow-up if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks, guys, just a question on the server expectations for the second half. What's giving you the confidence that things are going to bounce back so nicely?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, I'll start and then Stacy can add. This is Brian, Chris. I think it's really a mix of a couple of things. One, we saw in the second quarter and we project out into the second half a bit of stabilization of the enterprise side of the market. The enterprise side was down only about 1%, which is a bit more stable than it has been. Second thing is we are ramping our Broadwell E server in the second half of the year, and so we expect strong demand. And we typically see an ASP uplift as people by up in the stack with these new server systems coming out. And we have customer signals that just indicate that there's a second half seasonal buying pattern kicking in a bit as well. So those three things are the second half keys. And if you take a look at a broader view of this or just overall, our view of the data center and really the cloud continues to be that the cloud is going to continue to expand. It's going to be driven by the many, many machines that connect to the cloud that drive orders of magnitude more data than what the average human creates today, and that's getting to the cloud. So there's the short versus the longer-term point of view. I don't know, Stacy, if there's anything you want to add.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Perfect.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And for my follow-up, you mentioned you started shipping the 7360. Was that material to Q2 or will it be material to the second half, and any comments on profitability there?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm not going to talk specifically about the 7360 because our policy is to let our customers announce any design wins that they want to announce when they want to announce them. In terms of the overall impact on financials, when I look at the second half, you'll note that we have an above-seasonal growth rate in there. The biggest driver of that is what Brian just talked about in the data center, so that's the biggest driver. We were below the average annual growth rate in the first half. We expect to be above that, low double digits, in back half, driven by the three things he talked about, in particular the cloud buying patterns that we've identified with some of those large customers. And then behind that, we see an improvement in revenue in Memory and an improvement in revenue in IoT. And so those are the big drivers as we go into the back half.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Stacy, you did a nice job relative to the full year guidance giving us your expectation for PC demand for the year. I'm just curious. As you look into the third quarter, the guide is the high end of normal seasonality, as you talked about. How would you characterize your view of the PC business going into Q3? And to the extent that it's still a subdued view, is this really confidence in data center, or what other parts of the business would drive above-seasonal – or high end of seasonal, sorry?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John, how about if I start on just the view of the PC, especially into the third quarter, and then Stacy can get into where is the above-seasonal numbers coming from and all? I think if you look at the second half, we already said that Q2 ended up being a little bit better than what we had anticipated, and we had built the year at the high single digits. And if you take a look at Q2, it ended up coming at the mid-single-digit decline. We've tried to be relatively cautious as we look out into the rest of this year and built the year and the forecast around that high single-digit number set for decline of the PC. We are carrying momentum out of Q2, so there's still data that needs to be collected on how it looks. But right now we've maintained our cautious view of high single digits.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So just to translate that into seasonality against the backdrop of what Brian just said, which is high single-digit decline in the PC business, we're expecting that segment to play out more or less seasonally, John. We tend to do a little bit better than that because of mix and ASP, but from a unit standpoint should be fairly seasonal. And then the driver is what I just talked about. The data center growth rate as we move into the back half should be significantly higher than what we saw in the first half based on stabilization in enterprise, what we see with the cloud customers, and then some ASP uplift as we ramp Broadwell server – 14-nanometer Broadwell servers into the product mix.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful, guys. And then maybe for my follow-up, just looking at the Memory businesses, as you guys characterized, tough quarter in the June quarter. If you annualize the operating loss, it's a fairly large number. I'm just curious. Have startup costs there peaked, or do we have another couple of quarters of startup costs going up in Memory? And I guess more importantly, as Dalian ramps and you think about XPoint, how should we think about your profitability goals longer term and what the fall-through on that business looks like as revenue does start to accelerate?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So there's a short-term and a long-term component to this. So in the short term, as I think about the second half, in rough math I'd expect a consistent loss in the second half to what we saw in the first half. I think startup costs will be slightly higher. We'll see the first production costs play through on 3D XPoint, which as you know from watching us over the years, those first production costs tend to be fairly high in any factory when you're starting it up. Offset by the underlying existing NAND business, I think it's a bit better as we go into the back half. So that's the short-term answer. To your longer-term question, and I'll turn this over to Brian to talk about the technology, but I think the combination of 3D NAND and the cost structure we're going to achieve and then the disruptive nature of 3D XPoint, we should have a very good value proposition and a very good overall profit position for the business.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, John, I would just echo what Stacy said. We're just now starting to ramp our 3D NAND. So as we go through this back half of this year and into next year, it's really starting to ramp up. We think large cost advantages and good performance position there. And then as we said, 3D XPoint SSDs start to ship at the end of this year, 3D XPoint DIMMs next year. And so these investments that we're making this year, which we've talked about, are really playing forward those two technologies. So we're still very bullish on the long-term prospects. The units and the gigabytes continue to grow. Our cost structure gets better and better as we go through the back half and into next year. And then 3D XPoint, as we said, will really in our minds change the whole memory storage architecture.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you so much. I wonder if you could talk about first the data center. The growth – your mid-single-digit growth for about three consecutive quarters, and I know you had higher expectations for that a few quarters ago. Can you talk about – is that entirely an enterprise phenomenon, or is that a timing issue around cloud? Just how should we think about the last few quarters of DCG?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I'd say – so overall, relative to the expectations we had at the beginning of the year, let's say, it's primarily enterprise driven. And then there's some – what we commonly use as lumpiness quarter on quarter. So to how you ask the question, we actually weren't surprised by the Q2 results. In fact, they came in right in line, actually just a hair above what our internal forecast was. We have I think pretty good insight into the large cloud customers, and so we had some good insight into the buying patterns as those customers went from Q1 to Q2. And now as we look at the back half, we see several purchasing cycles kicking in for some of the large guys. So we expect that the cloud piece will accelerate as we get into the back half.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, that's helpful. Thank you. And then with regards to the balance sheet, I noticed both days sales outstanding and days of inventory bumped up a little bit, and I hadn't expected that. Can you just talk about what drove that?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, those are two different things. I'll just start with the easy one, days sales outstanding. I'm not seeing anything unusual there, it's just the amount of net billing at the end of the quarter. The average day paid and all of that still looks really healthy, so I'm not seeing anything unusual there. On the inventory side, as I talked to you last quarter, we ended Q1 higher than where I wanted to be. Our yields got better in Q1. Frankly, they got a lot better in Q2 as well. And we under-shipped a little bit in Q1 relative the units that we were expecting. So we took some actions in the second quarter to start bringing inventory levels down. What you see inside of inventory was – it was flattish, right in line with what we expected Q1 to Q2. There was a remixing, so you see some more expensive server parts and some Skylake parts going up. And then you see some of the older-generation CPUs going down. And as we get into the back half, we would expect inventory to click down and be down pretty meaningfully by the time we get to Q4.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks so much.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. PC gaming has been a bright spot for the team, with growth in the double-digits year-over-year range for the past number of quarters; your desktop ASPs were up again in Q2, maybe due to the strength here. It seems like the graphics guys are rolling out some new products. There appears to be a good pipeline of new games for the second half. So I guess the question is, did the PC gaming segment continue to drive double-digits growth for the team in Q2, and how do you see that trending into the second half?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. If you take a look at it, there were three-ish, maybe four-ish major segments of the PC that did better and continue to do better than the rest of the segment and just overall. Laptops, mobile PCs continue to do better. They did better in the second quarter. 2-in-1 devices specifically are doing very well and continue to grow in double digits. And then as you said, we often call the enthusiast gaming, you see our K SKUs in there, and then you saw us also announce the X SKU, which is our new 10-core system that has been selling much, much better than what even we anticipated. And so yes, gaming and enthusiast continues to grow at a double-digit rate.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights there. And then on the deceleration in the IoT business in June, you talked about an inventory burn. Sorry if I missed this, but what vertical was that focused on? And does the team expect reacceleration on a year-over-year basis as you move into the second half of the year? And if so, what verticals are going to be driving the growth?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me take the revenue question, and I'll let Brian take what we see in the verticals part. It was not one vertical. If you just look at it, I think our customers got out a little ahead of their skis in the first quarter. If you remember, I think we had a 21% or 22% year-on-year growth rate in Q1. There was a little more inventory out there than we anticipated, and that took some of the – that was a bit of headwind as we started Q2. To your question on the back half, we do expect a reacceleration. So I had said at the investor meeting that we expect double-digit growth in excess of what we had achieved last year. We still expect that. We had a strong Q1, an inventory burn in Q2, and we expect a strong Q3 and Q4.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And from which verticals? The verticals that have been the strongest growing for us, especially in recent, has been industrial and in the security video type applications. Those have been the two real growers. We have a lot of I'll call it longer-term growth vectors. Retail is a longer-term growth vector. And then you saw, as we mentioned on the call, the automotive ADAS section in the announcement with BMW. There are several other programs in that space as well.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to verify. On the DCG I guess growth target into the back half, it sounds like you need enterprise to keep getting better into the second half as well as for I guess the cloud and comm side of DCG to significantly reaccelerate to get there. Cloud was up 9% year over year, and it's good but that's a significant deceleration. Can you give us a feeling for what you need for enterprise into the back half and what drove the deceleration in the high-growth parts of this business into Q2?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I'd say – I'd characterize enterprise in the back half consistent with what we saw in Q2. If it stabilizes at that rate, that gives us the ability to grow to the levels that we're projecting. And then for the cloud, yes, you're right. It's what I said earlier. We had actually forecasted a pause in purchasing based on what we knew of the customer – the big cloud players' ordering patterns. And based on the signals we're seeing from them, we do expect a reacceleration in the back to something more consistent with what we're seeing through the last couple years.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So what gives you confidence that enterprise will continue to stabilize and that what we saw in Q1 is not a one-quarter blip, given it's been down pretty meaningfully for the last few years pretty consistently?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's what we saw in Q2.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: In Q2, I mean.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, we saw it down slightly. And again, it's just what we see of the big enterprise customers' signals to us in terms of what they want to purchase.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Given that dynamic in the cloud and the enterprise side within DCG, do you still expect a crossover in the percentage of revenues that those two generate the back half of this year, or is it pulled forward a little bit – or pushed out, given the dynamics that you've described so far?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sorry, crossover from what to what, Ross?
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: When you said – I believe at your last analyst meeting you talked about the cloud revenue, the percentage of DCG would be somewhere in the mid-30%, and that would cross over the enterprise-generated revenue in that. And that was therefore viewed as a point of acceleration for the entire group. I'm wondering, given the slower growth year to date in that business, if that crossover is going to be achieved in the time you expected.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll be honest. I haven't looked at the data from that lens. But what I said – let me just take you back to the answer that I gave – I think it was to Joe's question earlier, that if you look to the expectations we had at the beginning of the year, the enterprise is a bit weaker than we thought overall for the year. And I think cloud will be in line with what we thought. So my guess is that's still true. Which quarter it happens may be a jump ball, but my guess is it's still true. But I'd like the opportunity to actually go look at the data and I can give you a crisper answer next time we talk.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I guess as my follow-up question, sticking with DCG then, is on the gross margin side. It sounds like you're expecting some pretty significant growth, not only on the unit side of the equation in DCG but also on the ASP side. And then you also talked about some of the ASP benefits that might happen in CCG, at least in the PC portion of it. If I put that all together, I'm a little surprised that either mix or ASPs, neither of those are mentioned in your gross margin reconciliation for it to go to 62% in the third quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how those dynamics fit into your gross margin?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, so first let me start with your question on data center. There's a lot in there. So I do expect an operating margin improvement in the data center as we work through this year. I think we were around mid-40% in the second quarter, and our historical range has been closer to 50%. As I expect it, that picks up some as we move into the back half. The big driver there is costs. And so the early production on the Broadwell server is fairly expensive. Costs come down as we get into the back half. And as you said, we do expect some ASP uplift in the back half. Overall for the company, what we're seeing, so I'll just Q3 as the anchor point. We're seeing some good news in Q3 associated with higher volumes. And then the big offset there is we're seeing 10-nanometer startup costs going up pretty significantly in the back half. So that may be the piece that you're missing in the equation in Q3. That continues into Q4, by the way. We see a little bit more startup costs. If you do your algebra, you're probably coming up with a gross margin for Q4 that's about 62%. So think of that as some good things happen, but we have again an increase in startup costs and we have some of the Dalian costs with the first production of 3D XPoint that also kick in a bit more in Q4.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes, thank you, just a clarification on some of your earlier comments on inventory in PC. You talked about the customers taking down the inventory a little bit less than you had expected in Q2. Can you clarify why they chose to do that? And I guess with the inventory levels right now, where do they stand relative to where you'd expect them to be into the third quarter?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So overall we continue to see inventory levels as being very healthy. I think that the PC, the worldwide PC supply chain has moved towards a stance of being fairly lean and fairly cautious, and we see that continuing. You would typically see an inventory burn in the second quarter. It was a little bit less of an inventory burn then what we expected. I think it goes back to Brian's comments that he made at the beginning of the call that from their perspective, the PC market was a little better in Q2, so I think they probably just brought down inventory levels a little bit less.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. As a follow-on to that, maybe you can clarify what you consider to be normal PC seasonality in the third quarter because I think that's been changing over the past several years. Last year, the build into the third quarter was a little stronger. Obviously, there were some product launches there. How do you characterize the build this year relative to what we've seen last year and the year before?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I would say for the company, you would expect to see the seasonality of revenue, seasonality for us that's in the high single digits as we go from Q2 to Q3. Our guide is a little higher than that for the reasons that we've been talking about. The PC market is probably in line with that, maybe just a pinch higher in terms of the overall PC TAM.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay of Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes, thank you very much. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I guess it's a follow-on to the DCG question that Ross had brought up in terms of margin. The DCG business is obviously going to diversify itself some going forward with some of the new products that you're introducing and the networking business taking off. The operating margin percentage is down fairly sharply year over year, and I would expect that to ramp back up some as revenue reaccelerates. But maybe, Stacy, you could talk about what the long-term margin structure looks like from an operating margin perspective in DCG as the business diversifies some. Thanks.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. So we'll talk about that in more depth at the investor meeting, but I'll give you some off-the-cuff comments here. First, to just put it in perspective, the operating margin percent decline that we saw in Q2 had nothing to do with the new products, or the new products weren't driving it. It was the 14-nanometer costs of Broadwell server. And when we get into the back half, we're going to see an ASP impact associated with that because we think that the performance of that product enables customers to get a better value proposition by buying a richer mix. So that's why I'm pretty confident when we get in the back half, we see the margins snapping back towards that 50% that we've articulated as our long-term goal. We'll talk more about the mix of products and whatnot at the investor meeting, but the one thing I'd point you to is, remember something like networking, which is an Atom-based server product that's going in, while it does have a lower ASP than the average within DCG, it has an ASP that's actually been going up and has a very different cost structure then a Xeon does. So I wouldn't just immediately assume that because it's a lower priced segment of the market that it's a margin-hindered segment of the market because that's not the case.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thank you. That's really helpful. And then I guess to follow up on that, sticking on margin, maybe you could talk a little bit about how adding the third chip on 14-nanometer may affect margins going into 2017 in the PC business to offset some of the 10-nanometer ramp costs you had talked about. I think it's a little bit of a different dynamic than we've seen with the business traditionally with a tick-tock approach. So any broader comments you can give there about margins would be really helpful. I appreciate it, thanks.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me take the margin side, and then I'll let Brian come in over the top to talk a little bit about the roadmap and how we think about that from the customer's perspective. So first off, we haven't forecast 2017 margins, so we'll give you the first glimpse of that when we get to the investor meeting, and then we'll put a formal stake in the ground when we get to next January. But I would say that there's nothing that I'm seeing in the overall roadmap that for me is a significant headwind as we go in 2017. So we'll give you a lot more insight on that in a few months, but I'm not seeing anything that has me worried as we go into 2017.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I guess what I would talk about is Kaby Lake. So one of the things we've learned on 14 nanometers is how to make meaningful performance improvements both in the silicon and then with the silicon combined with the architecture. So we said we already started shipping Kaby Lake to our customers and OEMs. We're seeing meaningful performance across all of the various SKUs of Kaby Lake relative to Skylake. Kaby Lake is built off a Skylake core. And as a result, the die size doesn't significantly grow. So you don't see – there's no driver in the silicon itself to shift the margin structure of this product. We're able to get the performance and feature enhancements with relatively small silicon increases but good improvement on the raw silicon technology itself. So there's not an intrinsic driver that should say die size got twice as big so margins are cut. There's nothing like that.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And it comes in on a process technology that's mature with healthy yields and a healthy cost structure. So from that perspective, you get a nice performance boost at a good cost structure.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Nomura Securities. Your line is now open.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes, thanks. Brian, I know that you remain cautious overall in the PC market. But when you look at some of the third-party data, it definitely seems like North America was better; Asia, Latin America a little mixed. I'm wondering, has your view, at least on a regional basis, changed at all?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So my regional view would say that certain of the – so North America and Western Europe has been stronger for us for some period of time, and it continues to be the stronger segment for us. As you said, South America – Latin America continues to be weak. We see weakness in Asia, but it did get a little bit better than in the past, and that combined with North America were the two drivers that made Q2 perform better than what we had modeled in our high single digits. And as I said, I'm being relatively cautious in this and making sure that we put an estimate out there that we are very comfortable with, and that's why we have gone with – stuck with our high single-digit view of the year.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: The other thing that's been reported is that commercial models have seen some momentum. Windows 10 has been a catalyst. Your view on commercial enterprise, has that improved at all over the last 90 days?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, and we're hearing that same thing from our customers. And as we go out and talk to CIOs, we're hearing the same thing. Those cycles, though, can sometimes take – you'll hear of them, and they sometimes can take some time to really kick in. So again, we've built that into the cautiousness of the second half and making sure that we know what we're going into the second half with. But we are hearing similar things around the enterprise conversion. It's comfort with Windows 10, ability to make that transition, and wanting to do it on new hardware.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question on XPoint. You talked about stronger growth expectations looking out over the next couple years. I'm just curious if you could share what conversations you've had with customers, what use cases you've uncovered, and any thoughts in terms of sizing the market.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we haven't really tried to – we have pretty widespread guesstimates and models right now on sizing the market because we're still really learning. We've actually started to ship some sample units to customers already to let them try out and start to learn. Those are to the big, call it service providers, is mostly who we're sending those to. You're going to see it enter as SSDs. You'll see those SSDs, both enterprise-class SSDs and also commercial consumer type SSDs, we demonstrated in several live demonstrations anywhere from 5x to 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x improvement in performance depending on the workload through those SSDs. So you're going to see those be the first implications. When I think about where the big volume will come from, I think it will come in that DIMM form factor. You're going to see it in cloud applications, everything from machine learning, big data. Anyplace where you have memory-intensive and where you can do in-memory applications, the 3D XPoint is going to be nicely configured for that. It allows you to bring large amounts of storage-like data into a memory-like performance. And that's the real key here. I also believe you'll see it in consumer devices. You'll see laptops and devices like that. Gaming machines, we think it will have gaming applications where you can preload in a cache-like environment the next level of your game, and so it loads almost instantly as you transition within the game. So there's going to be a variety of those. And actually the more we go and start to play with it, start to give it out to customers, the more types of applications and workloads we're finding that it can be used for.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: That's very helpful. And I guess as a quick follow-up, Stacy, can you provide an update on your targeted capital structure here, and at what point with net leverage – net cash we should start to see more aggressive buybacks?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. As I communicated I think at the investor meeting or in the last six months, our goal is to get back to net cash zero. At one point I predicted that that would happen in the back half of this year. The combination of business levels being lower from what we thought at the beginning of the year as well as some pretty significant restructuring charges will push that out, so that will happen sometime in 2017, although I do think we'll make good progress towards net cash zero as we move into the back half. Today, our net debt level is right around $5 billion, so we'll take a big chunk out of that as we move into the back half. In terms of then – now that said, we're still generating excess free cash flow. You can see that even in the first half, even inclusive of the restructuring charges we did. And so you can see we did I think $1.6 billion of buybacks in the first half, and we have a dividend yield that as of yesterday was about 3%. So I think you see us executing to the priorities that we had articulated.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, C.J. And, operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, Brian, I'm curious. There are expectations of Intel becoming successful with your 4G modems in the back half, and I'm curious. How's the longer-term visibility around sustaining growth in the business and just the timing as to when you can bring those products from foundry to your own fabs?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, so let's just talk about modems. Really to stay on a leading-edge modem, you need to have a yearly cadence of modem technology. And so we have just that, a yearly cadence laid out. We had the 7260 last year, we have the 7360 this year. We have a series of modems out. We've got them built out and planned for the next several years. We haven't publicly stated when we'll bring it inside, but clearly we plan to. We'll do that when the right point of intercepting the roadmap and getting the right performance off the 14-nanometer is required. Right now, I'm more concerned about getting the leading-edge momentum going for us with the 7360 and then the follow-on in 2017 and really showing that we are a world-class modem company.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. And as my follow-up, staying on the DCG team, are you still comfortable this can be a double-digit growth business over the longer term? And I guess as part of that, what role does competition play into it with all the recent noise around SoftBank buying ARM and presumably putting more resources into it? I understand there are no near-term implications. But just longer term, how do you think about growth and competition in DCG? Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, so let me try and talk about why I am so confident in growth. We can talk about competition, and then we'll see if that does not answer your question. When I think of the cloud, the cloud that we have today is really built on the backs of people. It's your Facebook data, it's your Salesforce data, it's your Twitter data. It's all data that is really across the devices that we pretty much handle day to day. The current estimates are, if you look out into 2020, that average person will generate about 1.5 gigabytes a day of data off those devices, and those are going to be all your posts and pictures and all that kind of information. If you take a look at the average autonomous car in 2020, the estimates right now are it will throw off about 40 gigabytes a minute of data. If you take a look at the average autonomous drone doing some kind of scan, looking for somebody lost in the forest or scanning a mine, it's going to throw off about 20 gigabytes a minute. If you take something like our replay technology that is filming in virtual reality, a basketball game or a football game, it's throwing off 200 gigabytes a minute right now. And as we continue to refine the accuracy of that, that number will likely just grow. So it's that growth in data and the need to both process it at the edge and then through the data center and into the cloud, to be able to store it, to be able to apply machine learning to all of those applications. Those all tell me that the cloud is going to continue to grow. It's going to be lumpy. These guys don't build out their data centers in a linear fashion. They build out a big chunk of overcapacity so that they can go and then sell that and have expansion space, and they don't build for a while. And so I know people worry about is it slowing down? But these trends in data that tell me no, it's not slowing down over the long term, and what you're really going to see is just the buying patterns and the build-outs of the various structures that are going up. As far as competition, there's always going to be competition in this market. I expect it. That's okay. We think of ourselves as competition, in fact. We are built on a model that says we have to build a continuous improvement of our products such that we are replacing ourselves with a better cost-per-performance model over time. And so we know that just even if there was no competition, the competition is we've got to build a product that's better and drives replacement as well as growth. And so I look at the competition as it's welcome. It keeps us better. It's always been out there. There will always be somebody out there. But really what we have to do is build products that are so competitive that people want to replace our products with our new product. That then is one of the best models to use for making sure you stay ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Vivek. Operator, can you please go ahead and introduce our first questioner – or last questioner, excuse me?
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Just following up from the earlier round, can you give us some feel for your attitude to total amount of debt? You have a goal of net cash neutrality, but you have an upper limit on the total amount of debt you're willing to carry. Might you choose at some point to repatriate overseas cash to bring down debt or pay dividends and stock purchases?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Wow, so there certainly is a limit to the amount of overall debt that I feel comfortable with, but it's not something that we've articulated externally, and it will vary by the size of the company and the cash flow. To my philosophy, just generally I'm not a believer in taking on debt to do stock buybacks. You really have not seen us do that. Obviously, it's a board decision, but I'm just sharing with you my view of it. I wouldn't take on debt in order to do buybacks or to do a special dividend or anything like that.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: David, did you have a follow-up? It sounds like you're all set, David. All right, thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 21:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Q1 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference to Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thank you, Nicole, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release, CFO commentary and the announcement of our restructuring program. If you've not received all three documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. And a brief reminder that this quarter, we provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, following the acquisition of Altera, now our Programmable Solutions Group. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures. The CFO commentary and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that out of the way, let me turn it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark. Our results in Q1 were in the lower half of the range we set in January and reflect an extra work week in the quarter. Revenue increased year-over-year, driven by an expanding business portfolio that now includes the Programmable Solutions Group, formerly known as Altera. Strength in our Data Center, Internet of Things and Programmable Solutions businesses partially offset weaker-than-expected PC revenues in our Client business. I'll take a minute to review our Q1 results before talking about the restructuring program we're announcing today. CCG revenue grew 2% year-over-year. We saw ongoing declines in the PC TAM, particularly in China and other emerging markets, which also led to greater-than-anticipated reductions in worldwide PC supply chain inventory. Declines in the PC segment were offset by a richer core mix and the 14th work week. The Data Center business posted another good quarter, growing 9% over last year on strong cloud and comms service provider demand, partially offset by ongoing softness in the enterprise. The Internet of Things Group grew a remarkable 22% year-over-year due largely to the performance of the video and retail verticals. In the Memory business, strong unit growth was offset by pricing declines leading to revenue that was 6% lower year-over-year, and in our Security business, revenue grew 12%, as this team continues to tighten its focus and execution. And finally the PSG Group, formerly known as Altera, got off to a great start. It delivered a revenue of $359 million. And after adjusting for $100 million in acquisition-related accounting charges, the business achieved mid-single-digit growth. In less than a quarter after the deal closed, we are shipping our first FPGA Xeon co-packaged parts to customers in sample form. These results tell the story of Intel's ongoing strategic transformation, which is progressing well and will accelerate in 2016. We are evolving from a PC company to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart connected and computing devices. The Data Center and Internet of Things businesses are now Intel's primary growth engines, and combined with Memory and FPGAs form and fuel a virtuous cycle of growth. Last year, we achieved record revenue in the Data Center, Internet of Things and Memory businesses. They delivered a combined $2.2 billion in revenue growth and made up 40% of our total revenue and contributed the majority of our operating profit. Today, we announced a series of actions that will build on the strength of those franchises and accelerate our strategic transformation. Through this initiative, we will intensify our investments in the products and technologies that fuel the growth in the Data Center, IoT, Memory and FPGA businesses. And we expect it will result in an even more profitable Client business. These changes will reduce our global employment by about 12,000 positions by mid-2017. We'll do this through site consolidation, voluntary and involuntary separations, project reevaluation and an intensified focus on efficiency across a variety of programs. These are not changes we take lightly. We will be saying goodbye to colleagues who have played an important role in Intel's success. Yet acting now gives us flexibility, flexibility to continue to invest in those Client segments that are growing, including 2-in-1, gaming, and home gateway, among others. Even more importantly, acting now enables us to increase our investments in areas that are critical to our future success. This restructuring program will allow us to expand our investments in the Data Center, the Internet of Things, Memory and connectivity, even as we reduce our spending run rate by roughly $1.4 billion by mid-2017. This is a comprehensive initiative. It's designed to create long-term value by accelerating the fundamental long-term change already happening at the company today. We will emerge as a more collaborative, productive team with broader reach and sharper execution and we expect it to result in the highest revenue per employee in the company's history. Last, but certainly not least, we have one additional announcement today. I'm happy to share that Stacy Smith will be taking on a broader new role within Intel and reporting to me, leading sales, manufacturing and operations. Stacy has been a great business partner and a world-class CFO and I'm looking forward to continuing the partnership as he brings his leadership, his depth of knowledge, and his breadth into these critically important areas for Intel's future. We expect this transition to occur over the next few months, following a formal CFO search that will assess internal and external candidates. Stacy will remain in his CFO role throughout the search and transition process. Congratulations, Stacy. And with that, let me turn the call over to you.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you very much, Brian, and I really appreciate the kind words. Revenue for the first quarter was $13.8 billion, up 8% year-over-year. The quarter showed year-on-year growth and was in the low end of the range of our prior outlook. Within this, we are seeing growth in the Data Center, Internet of Things, Security and Programmable Solutions Groups, all of which helped offset a weak PC market. First quarter gross margin of 62.7% was approximately a point higher than our expectations, driven by lower 14nm costs. R&D and MG&A was $5.4 billion, down over $100 million from our guidance. Operating income of $3.3 billion was up 13% from a year ago. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.4%, about seven points lower than our prior outlook. Earnings per share of $0.54 was up 20% from a year ago. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $7.5 billion, a 2% increase year-over-year. This was below our expectations due to a weaker-than-expected PC market. Operating profit for the Client Computing Group was $1.9 billion, up 34% from a year ago. This improvement is driven by lower 14nm unit costs on notebooks, lower overall total spending and margin improvements in our mobile products. Data Center Group had revenue of $4 billion, delivering 9% growth on a year-over-year basis. Relative to our expectations, we saw a weaker enterprise business offset by strength in the cloud segment. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.8 billion, up 4% year-over-year as we ramp are 14nm server products. Our Internet of Things segment achieved revenue of $651 million, with year-over-year growth of 22%. We saw strength in both the retail and video display segments of our business. Internet of Things operating profit was $123 million, up over 40% relative to last year. Our Security business had revenue of $537 million, up 12% year-over-year. Our Memory business had revenue of $557 million, up 6% year-over-year. The segment had an operating loss of $95 million as a result of challenging pricing, increased 3D XPoint spending and startup costs as we ramp 3D NAND in our China factory. The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $359 million. When adjusted for the approximately $100 million of deferred revenue and compared to Altera's results from a year ago, the business achieved mid-single-digit revenue growth. Operating profit was a negative $200 million. This included over $300 million in non-cash charges for deferred revenue and inventory adjustments plus certain acquisition-related charges. Excluding these charges would result in low double-digit operating margin growth for this business. We generated $4.1 billion of cash from operations in the first quarter. We purchased $1.3 billion in capital assets, paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased approximately $800 million of stock in the first quarter. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was roughly $15 billion, down $10 billion from the prior quarter as a result of closing the Altera acquisition. Our total debt is approximately $25 billion, consistent with our prior commentary on the financing plan for the Altera acquisition. As we look forward to the second quarter of 2016, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $13.5 billion. After adjusting for the extra work week in the first quarter, this forecast is in the low end of the average seasonal increase for the second quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 61%, plus or minus a couple of points. This decrease in comparison to the first quarter is driven by lower platform volumes. Turning to the full year 2016, we expect revenue growth in the mid-single digits from 2015, down from the prior guidance. We are forecasting robust growth rates in the Data Center, Internet of Things, Non-Volatile Memory Solutions and Programmable Solutions Groups, which we expect to offset the decline in the Client Computing Group. We now expect the PC markets to decline in the high single digits in 2016 versus our prior forecast of mid-single-digit decline. Our projection of the PC market remains more cautions than third-party estimates. We are forecasting the midpoint of the full year gross margin to be 62%, a one-point decrease from the prior outlook driven by lower platform volumes. Our execution of our strategy is driving growth. We are building on our strong position in Client and are investing for growth in the Data Center, Internet of Things markets and disruptive differentiated memory technology. The trends over the last two years demonstrate that we are well into this transformational journey. From 2013 to 2015, the PC TAM declined 10%, yet Intel's revenue grew 5% and our operating profit grew 14% over this horizon. But as Brian mentioned, we want to accelerate that execution. In order to do that, we're going to go through a significant restructuring over the next several months. The goal is to come out of this more agile, more efficient, with more investment on our key growth initiatives and more profitable. When completed by mid-2017, these actions will result in a 12,000-person workforce reduction and a $1.4 billion reduction to our spending run rate. Relative to full-year 2016, we are now revising our spending guidance down by over $700 million to $20.6 billion. We expect to realize over half of the total workforce reduction by the end of this year. In the second quarter of this year, we are taking a $1.2 billion restructuring charge on the GAAP P&L as an estimate for the related actions. These actions are significant, and we don't embark on this lightly. But we are confident that they will build on the strong position we have across markets and accelerate the transformation of the company that is already underway. I would like to end on a brief personal note by saying thank you to Brian for the upcoming new leadership opportunity. Intel changes the world with amazing technology, and I am proud of what we have accomplished and I'm excited about the opportunity that's in front of us. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: All right, thank you, Brian and Stacy. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Nicole, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess first and foremost, B.K., if you can, go into a little bit more about what led to the restructuring announcement. Not only the one today, but there have been significant changes in senior management over the last three months. So if you could, just talk us through some of what's changed strategically in the company that's led to such a large amount of turnover so recently.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. If you take a look at it, so let's step back for a second and just talk about why are we doing the restructuring now, and then we can talk about some of the specifics beyond that. So we've talked about this transformation, that we're moving from a client-centric – Intel's been typically known as the PC company, to a company that is focused more and more on a much broader set of products and really focused around the cloud, and the cloud and all the connected devices that connect to that cloud and the connectivity that brings those devices to the cloud. And that includes the PC, but it's much more than that. And so what this effort around the restructuring is, is to say it's time now to try and – we've made enough progress. You take a look at it, 40% of our revenue, 60% of our margin comes from areas other than the PC right now. It's time to make this transition and push the company over all the way to that strategy and that strategic direction. So that's why we wanted to do it now. Let's talk then about the leadership changes. There have really only been three leadership changes, if we just take the last couple of quarters. We had Doug Davis, he's simply retiring. Those are personal reasons. It has nothing to do with his leadership or direction of the company. It's IoT. We've talked about IoT as one of our growth segments that grew 22% this quarter. (16:19) performance in the group is strong. And he's staying until we find a successor, roughly the end of the year we think, something like that. Kirk chose to leave for some outside opportunities. And the one with Stacy, Stacy and I have been working for several months, actually several quarters, on what does he do next, how do we grow his both exposure to other parts of the company, but also let the rest of the company see his leadership style. And so what we wanted to do is as soon as we'd made the decision to go ahead and start a search and start looking for a CFO replacement, we wanted to be completely transparent, be very open about that and let everyone know. It's just going to be an orderly transition. We are just going to start the search, see if Stacy's solid in the CFO seat in the meantime. But this gives him a chance to see other parts of the company. If you take a look at the group manufacturing operations, which is everything from purchasing to building construction and all, and sales, it's roughly half the company and people, and so it's a really good opportunity to see how the real operations of the company work.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good, thanks for all those details. I guess my follow-up would be the full-year guidance of mid-single-digit growth, when I put that together with the high single-digit decline now that you have in the PC business, I'm having a little hard time seeing how if you take the seasonality of PCs out of the equation in large part, what would be the lever that would get you there in the back half of the year, considering that a ramp to well into the $15 billion range in revenue seems to be a prerequisite? Are there some moving parts you could describe to us that get you comfortable with that number?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Let me walk you through how we're viewing the year. And first let me just put it at the highest level. What we're projecting for the year is overall growth, and we think we'll see growth in the data center, growth in IoT, growth in memory that's offsetting some. And of course we have added in Altera now into our product family. And so you take that, and that's offsetting some of the weakness that we're seeing in the PC market. Specific to the PC market, as we said in our prepared remarks, we are now expecting that the PC market is down in the high single digits, and when we started the year we were in the mid-single-digits decline. The linearity, so first you have to understand. The first half is impacted by the fact that as our customers' view of the market came down, and if you recall, we had a more cautious view of the market than they did when we started the year, that they were bringing down inventory levels. That impacted us in Q1, and I think you'll see the same impact as we forecast a roughly seasonal second quarter; that we'll continue to see those customers burning off inventory. We think that doesn't repeat in the back half. So that's a little bit of a tailwind. I'd also say you want to be careful of – we guided to mid-single digits. That's a range. If you're mathematically trying to drive to a specific number there, you may be driving more back end than what we're really anticipating. So just a caution there that that's a range that's meant to be directional of how we see the business. All of that said, I just want to say I think Brian and I are very comfortable with the back end and what's implied in our guide based on everything that we know.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I really just wanted to follow up on the restructuring. Is it more an effort to make the Client more profitable, or are you really trying to drive revenue and re-signing maybe more employees than you're letting go?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So it is absolutely a situation where we are restructuring to be able to allow ourselves to invest at a faster rate in those growth areas. If you take a look at it, 2016 to 2015 in the areas of Memory with our NAND technology, IoT, data center, even before this action, we were investing more in 2016 than in 2015 in those areas. This will allow us to – even with the cuts, even with the dollar figures that Stacy has read out on the savings, it's allowing us to invest even more in those segments. And I always want to make sure it's not just about cutting costs necessarily in the Client area. We think that we can become more focused. There are areas in the Client space that are growing. 2-in-1s are growing at double-digit rates year-over-year. Our gaming PCs are growing at double-digit rates year-over-year. Set-top boxes are growing, and we're gaining share in the set-top box space. So we are doing very well in segments that are growing in the Client space and the PC space. And we are going to continue to double down, focus on those. So it's really a narrowing down and allowing us as a result also to invest more in those growth areas. That's really what we're doing here with this restructuring.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Blayne, just to make sure, if you look at the CFO commentary, just to give – kind of make sure the financial answer is clear there, that the $1.4 billion in run rate savings is a net number. So I just want to be clear on that. That's what we expect to achieve, and that is encompassing the fact, like Brian said, that we'll be increasing investments in a lot of different areas.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Correct.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then I know mobile is within Client, but I was wondering if that's a segment that you expect to contribute to growth this year, and if you could just talk about your confidence in reaching the cost savings for the year?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Absolutely on schedule for hitting our committed $800 million and just like last year, we'll shoot to do better than that. Mobile is absolutely continuing to grow for us as a segment, and we are continuing to increase our profitability. If you look underneath the numbers here, you'll see that the profitability within the mobile space continues to improve for us this year over last year.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, you can really see it, Blayne, in the CCG operating profit, that's up over 30%, which is on roughly flat revenues, revenues that were up a little bit, and when you parse out the big contributions there, there's some ASP good news, but the really big chunks are the improvement in the margin on our mobile products and decreases in investments that we talked to you about in the past that were all included in that mobile profitability. So you will see this play out in the CCG profitability over the course this year, and you can see it in Q1.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I'm trying to see if you can be just a bit more specific on your full year view. Does the team anticipate double-digit growth this year in PCG? And if I look at it fundamentally, I mean cloud and hyperscale CapEx looks to be up this year. There seems to be a big upgrade cycle in networking with the move to 25-gigabit. You guys are rolling out 14nm Broadwell. Can you guys just be a bit more specific on expectations for DCG growth?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. You did a great job explaining exactly why we believe that the data center will continue in double-digit growth this year. And if you take a look at the numbers that Stacy has talked about, they incorporate double-digit growth and it's for exactly those reasons. We believe we have great products that we are introducing with the Broadwell lineup. We have got – we started shipping our first Xeon plus FPGA samples to customers, which was part of our additional gaining more footprint and more performance in certain segments of the Data Center. We're shipping an Omni-Path Fabric now. Later this year, we will have Silicon Photonics. We've got 3D XPoint starting to be sampled, and will start to ramp later this year. So we're very confident on our Data Center roadmap and we are still absolutely forecasting double-digit growth in that space.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights there. And then in the Memory Solutions Group, I mean that's a business that grew 20% last year. I think it was up year-over-year every single quarter last year, obviously it was down in Q1. You guys mentioned aggressive price declines. Can you just talk about some of the trends that you're seeing there? Are the sharp declines more focused on capacity or performance optimized SSDs? And then you also mentioned your view on a strong growth outlook for the full year. So what drives the acceleration from the Q1 decline?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So let me start, and then we can just talk about – remember the majority of our Memory space is built into SSDs that are going into the Data Center. So you call those, really those higher end performance class systems. What we are seeing, if you take a look at the units, units grew quite nicely year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter for the Memory Group. You are right. We are seeing aggressive pricing in this space. The Memory segment, the NAND segment especially tends to go on these cycles where there's overcapacity in the industry and aggressive pricing, and then it shifts back to more normal pricing, and then tight pricing, which is always very positive. So this is just a normal cycle. We think we've done a very good job of structuring the business that we ride through these with a high degree of confidence. If I look forward, we believe the 3D NAND technology that we're just beginning to ramp in our factories today and we're building out the Dalian factory for later this year startup, gives us a real cost advantage in this space and will allow us to even be more profitable in even these kinds of environments. So we are still confident that this business will continue to grow. We will ride through this capacity situation within the industry and our 3D NAND technology will position us very nicely as we move out of this and start up our Dalian factory in China.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And the operating margin, Harlan, you're looking at that?
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Part of it is the competitive pricing environment that Brian is talking about, but there's a big piece of that that is associated with the investments that we are making in 3D XPoint and the startup costs associated with the factory in China. And it just points to, yes, it's cyclically a tough time in what we consider a very good business and we're investing in technology that we think give us a very strong position as we go forward.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I understand. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one on DCG in the quarter, so up 9% year over year, but that was with the extra week. Can you tell us what it might have been year over year without the extra week? And why did pricing fall again this quarter?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, so like we said when we started the quarter, that extra week was that week between Christmas and New Year's. When you look at where that 14th week fell, it's a relatively light week. It certainly had some impact, so I don't want to say, none, but it's a little hard to figure it out on any given business. It certainly had some impact on DCG though. In terms of the pricing, it's pretty simple in that it was the growth rate that we saw in the networking segment. So what you would see if – the constant mix, we would have seen ASP up in the Data Center. But the networking segment grew 60% year on year, which is exactly consistent with our strategy. And so what you see there is strong unit growth offset by a little bit of a mix down.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Got it, thank you. For my follow-up, I just wanted to touch on channel inventories. So you had your notebook and desktop volumes I guess down kind of low single digits year over year. I think it's fair to say the PC builds in the industry were down quite a bit more than that. I mean, you suggest that you drained out – I guess that the channel drained on inventory. What happened with your own inventory in the channel? And how do you see that changing for the rest of the year?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You said own inventory in the channel...
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Bernstein Research: The stuff you're shipping into the channel because it seems like your performance year-over-year was quite a bit better than what the industry was? I mean maybe it's some share gains, maybe it's the extra week. However, you just said the extra week didn't amount for very much. So can you explain the differential between your year-over-year unit shipment performance in PCs and what the market seems to be doing?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I would point to two things relative to the overall – like what we saw from our customers. One is, yes, we had a 14th week. That's going to make our compares different from a IDC and a Gartner for sure. But then the second thing is when you look at the results of our customer base, they would see a weaker quarter and I think that's because they were catching up to our view of the market and bringing inventory levels down. So, we were impacted by two things. I'll put it like that. We were impacted by a TAM that wasn't terribly strong and the fact that our customers were bringing their inventory levels down some.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is now open.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes. Thanks very much. Stacy, you're below your run rate on CapEx in Q1, and I know you reiterated for the year, but curious if you're giving yourself flexibility in case the second half doesn't prove out to be as strong as you guys are anticipating?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. What's going on there is that when you look at the two items that really dominated our CapEx this year, it's 10 nm capacity, so it's getting that first production capability in place. And it's the ramp of the Memory factory in China, and those are both backend loaded, so that causes the linearity to be off a little bit.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then just staying on the theme of CapEx with the restructuring you guys are talking about, site consolidation, and I'm wondering if longer-term, there will be an impact to the capital expenditures required to support the business and, by extension, free cash flow.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'd say the same answer. When you look at those two items that are the majority of what we're spending the CapEx on, 10nm and Memory, neither one of those is impacted by the restructuring, and so we haven't let our foot off the gas one bit on those two things.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess I had a follow-up on DCG. Thank you for the commentary around the pricing around network. I'm curious how we should think about the mix shift through as we go through 2016, and here curious in terms of presumably slowing enterprise and an uptick in hyperscale and what that means to ASPs. And then as you layer in ongoing growth in networking, how we should think about platform versus ASPs moving through the year?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, a bit of a complex question, so let me try and give you a lot of data that I hope will answer various parts of that question. So first, the simple answer. If you take a look at our forecast, we continue to forecast ASPs increasing through this year, so that's absolutely built into our forecast. And we've modeled in things like you described, the weaker enterprise computing and the difference between the pricing segments. And I always remind people that – let's just start at the very top. When you take a look at the Data Center, it's not one product. It's a family of products that really span from Xeon Phis that sell for several thousand dollars to networking processors that are a few hundred dollars at times. But within each one of those families, so whether you have networking or cloud or hyperscale or enterprise computing, our ASPs are increasing. And that's mostly due to bringing in better products, people buying up the ladder in product and resulting in a higher ASP on average for any one of those segments. So you will see slight shifts in the overall Data Center ASP. We have a boomer quarter like this, like Stacy talked about. Networking is a little bit higher or something like that, but if you take a look inside any one of those segments, ASPs are increasing and our forecast for the overall segment for the year is an increasing ASP. It's driven by people buying up the stock, and that's because we're bringing more performance for a better price to those customers.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: That's very helpful. And I guess as a quick follow-up, you outlined the cost savings, but it doesn't appear as though there's really anything on the COGS side, so curious if you see cost savings on that front as well.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Certainly. We are equally focused on efficiencies in the factory space. There's a little bit baked into the 2016 gross margin. I think you'll see a bit more of it kick in, in 2017. And just realize the labor cost in the factories is a relatively small component. The real opportunity for us is some of the other things around capital efficiency and how fast we convert over processes and things like that, and that takes a little while to play through.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess my first one, I wanted to get a little bit more into profitability within the Data Center Group. Revenue was down about $309 million sequentially. Operating profit was down $411 million sequentially. I know there are lots of moving parts. You had the extra week of OpEx that might not have been fully covered by revenue. And, Stacy, you talked about in your opening comments the 14nm ramp starting to hit there. But with this new narrative of declining ASPs because of mix, I'm wondering if you could tell me how we should be thinking about operating profits in the business going forward. I think it was about 44% in the March quarter, down pretty significantly in the December quarter. Is this change in mix also having an impact on operating profits?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, John, you nailed it in terms of what's going on with operating profit in Q1. It's just the early cost of the ramp of the 14nm server product. That's what's causing that to behave a little differently from revenue. And back to Brian's point, I would say no. There's nothing in the mix that per se would cause me to have a different view of the overall profit potential of this business. So taking networking as the example, it does have a lower ASP than the Xeon product line does. It also has a very different cost structure than the Xeon product line does. So it doesn't cause us to be in a different space from an overall operating profit percent.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. And then maybe for my follow-up to Brian, you guys gave us your view for the PC market this year. I'm just curious, in lieu of the restructuring, how you're thinking about the PC market longer term. And specifically, there's lots going on in the market that you probably can't control, but there's always been this view at Intel that the best use of cash is to invest in the business and to innovate, and innovation drives growth. How do you balance that innovation desire with the realities of PC market? And how do you think about the structural unit growth of PCs going forward? And do we want to risk at some point that PCs just don't provide the scale that you've talked about in the past to invest in other businesses like DCG and IoT?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So again, John, that's a bit of a two-sided question. So let me start with the back half and then we'll move into the first half. So first is no, I'm not worried that PC will shrink to a point where the scale will get large enough to fund either the factories or the other innovations. The fact that we talked about the restructuring actually makes us more profitable in the PC. That's allowing us to invest even more in those growth areas. Remember also, those growth areas are growing, and so they are replacing some of the volume in the factories as they grow. Now, let's talk about the PC. You asked, how do we take a look at the PC long term and how do we make sure we're making the right investments, which to me that's the key. That's what we really tried to do with this restructuring, is take a look at the areas that are growing, that we believe we can bring innovation to, that will make a difference to the end user. You're going to see more investments in 2-in-1s. You're going to see more investments in thin-and-light devices. You're going to see us push even harder on high-end gaming systems, which are growing at a very fast rate, and they tend to buy up the stack to the very, very top. And then we're continuing to gain share in segments like set-top boxes, which are becoming more and more PC-like in their capabilities, if you think about it from a hardware standpoint. So there are absolutely segments we'll continue to invest and continue to innovate in. There are some very innovative systems in design right now that bring new functionality and new thinness and lightness to the market for the second half of this year. And we'll do that. What we're going to do is make sure we're not doing – that we're doing this as most efficiently, and not doing it spread out across all PCs and all form factors. And that's what we've really tried to do with this effort right now.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. I think just to start, could you just talk about from a restructuring cost perspective, how much of that is going to be cash versus non-cash? And would all the cash outlays happen in the back half of this year?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You were a bit faint. I think you asked on the restructuring, how much of that is cash versus non-cash, and how does that play out over the year?
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, now you're loud and clear. Thanks. So I would say the restructuring charge is a mix of cash and non-cash, but it's probably – it's more heavily weighted towards cash costs. And it will be relatively frontend loaded on the year, but some of it will extend over the course of the year, and some of it frankly will extend into the first half of next year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. And I guess if I could just follow up, ASPs in the clients were up 19%. Just talk about how much of that was potentially CPE improvements on notebook and desktop pricing versus the lower mobility that may have had a better part to play there?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And if you look at the CFO commentary, we actually gave you desktop and notebook. What you'll see is that notebook was pretty flat from an ASP standpoint year on year. Desktop was up 6%. So that is one of the adders to profitability. And then the big difference is what happened in phones and tablets. On a year-on-year basis I think I termed it in the CFO commentary, up significantly as we weaned ourselves out of some of those contra revenue programs that we talked to you about. So that actually had a fairly significant impact on the overall ASP for CCG.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Brian, on the Data Center Group, there are a lot of headlines from IBM, from the different ARM server vendors, and even from some of your cloud customers, like Google, who want to try new architectures. And I understand there is no near-term impact, but longer-term, how do you assess the competitive landscape? And especially how do you think it plays out in the compute market, where you are a very large incumbent versus the comms market where you're not the incumbent?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, good question, Vivek. First, I'll just tell you that having been raised by Andy Grove, always paranoid about the competition, always driving. And we know that we live or die by the performance of our products. We believe if you take a look at our roadmaps, we have a strong competitive leadership that should allow us to continue to have the position in the market that we currently have. I think also you have to take a look at some of our strategy that is becoming much, much broader than just the CPU. What we are trying to do is really provide top-of-rack to bottom-of-rack solutions that bring, that work together and bring performance across the whole rack. And that starts with Rack Scale Architecture itself, which is a very unique architecture that will allow people to build racks in a much denser and lower cost way to Silicon Photonics for within rack communication. Then we've got a 3D XPoint, and then you have our whole CPU architecture from networking, storage, up through server. So we believe we are uniquely positioned to provide that whole rack viewpoint and have everything work together, and come together to bring really performance that is just unbelievable. And that's what's key to really keeping our position is to own that, is to understand that whole rack from top to bottom. And that really is our strategy when you take a look at it. In the other areas, like you said, networking and storage and the telco area, those are areas that we're gaining share. And we are, as they move to software-defined infrastructure, and basically virtualized infrastructure, it plays right into the Intel architecture and really what we do best, which is general purpose computing. And that same architecture from top of rack to bottom of rack plays out in those areas as well like in the telco area. So we believe our strategy absolutely will maintain our position in that. But we're always paranoid and we're always realizing we get there by performance of those products.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks for those details. As a follow-up, I know you probably have answered different pieces of this question. But perhaps if, Stacy, you could, help us quantify what Intel's target operating margins are this year or maybe even longer term. Because when I look at a lot of fabless semiconductor companies, they can get towards 20% – 25% operating margins. And when I look at a foundry like TSMC, it's able to get close to 40% operating margin. So given those bookends, where should Intel be after all these restructuring actions are taken?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me give you some elements of it. And then I would expect we'll have a much more in-depth conversation on that at the next investor meeting. But I will give you some insight into how Brian and I are thinking of this. First and foremost, we believe there is growth potential here. So just from a top line overall company standpoint, we think that there's significant opportunity to grow. And I think we've executed well in terms of growing over the last couple few years, even as the PC TAM declined, and that's very consistent with our strategy, is invest in the Data Center and Memory and IoT and things like 5G, where we think there's opportunity and focus our investments on the Client that we talked about. In terms of the overall model and the financial model for the company, I've given you this range of 55% to 65% gross margin as being most of the data points landing between those goalposts. If you look at it over the last five years, we've very consistently been in the very high end of that gross margin range, so a bit more like between 60% and 65%. Last year we were at 63%, this year we believe we're at 62%. So that just continues. I don't see anything on the horizon that changes that in the near term. And then with these actions that we're taking, when we get to full realization, and I want to stress we do believe that this will give us an opportunity to reinvest in the business and actually accelerate growth. But if you just look at the cost side of it, it's two to three points of spending as a percent of revenue. When we get to mid-2017 and full realization, that takes our spending as a percent of revenue, even just based on your estimate of 2016 revenues of two to three points, it takes it back down into the low 30% from a spending as a percent of revenue, and you can do the math from there and see what we think we can achieve next year in terms of overall operating margin.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys, just a quick follow-up on the last question on restructuring. So should we assume that total expenses will drop roughly $150 million a quarter from 4Q 2016 to the second quarter of 2017? And then if you guys could, break that out between how much of the savings would be on COGS versus OpEx.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So no, I'm not going to give that level of granularity of forecasting by quarter in 2017, but I'll say and I want to be clear that the $1.4 billion is all OpEx. So that's an OpEx savings number that we think we get to by mid-2017. And so just to recap some of the financial data that we've provided you, we get to that level by mid-2017. That's $1.4 billion in savings. That is a net number, so that's including some reinvestment that we plan to make. We think that that's 12,000 positions that get eliminated, which is a very difficult thing for us to go through, but that's what's in these numbers. We think we'll achieve half of those employment reductions by the end of this year. And overall for 2016, we've brought down our OpEx by $700 million. That is again due to this restructuring program. And we've added in a line that you'll see on the GAAP P&L of $1.2 billion in restructuring charges to achieve that. So beyond that, I'm not going to go into any more granular data. I think that should be plenty, and now we want to go have the conversation with the employees and help them understand what this program means.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes, very fair response. And as for my follow-up, in terms of the growth opportunities that you guys are really pushing for, IoT, DCG, et cetera, I guess if you look at the margin profile of the Memory and basically cell phone processors, it's substantially below your current margins. So I guess my question is why would you want to pursue two markets like that where the margin profile is so much lower than yours?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, so let's dissect those. For Memory, one, we believe that if you take a look at our typical margins, they're better than cell phone margins on typical quarters, but also it's integral to the Data Center. So it really actually is this virtual cycle that especially as we move to 3D NAND and then to 3D XPoint, as we've talked about 3D XPoint and how that really re-architects how Memory and storage is played out in the server rack and in the Data Center overall. It's a chance to really very uniquely shift that whole infrastructure. So we believe that's actually critical to our strategy in the Data Center, and we'll bring a product with good margins. Now let's talk about IoT. If you take a look at it first, it's growing quite well. And if you take a look at the IoT right now, it grew 22% this quarter, and it has PC-like margins. So this is not cell phone chips. They don't tend to be cell phone chips. If you take a look at the segments we're really going after, which are things like automotive, or what I'll call autonomous vehicles, industrial and retail, they tend to be systems that have a fair amount of compute at the edge. They tend to have machine learning capabilities, and they tend to have a high degree of comms, and more and more will move into 5G. So that link also between those products in IoT and 5G, and the 5G infrastructure, we believe also plays into the Data Center and the whole Data Center strategy, and will be critical that you can provide end-to-end solutions. So if you're somebody out trying to build whatever that autonomous vehicle is, you need to be able to provide the 5G backend, but also the 5G out on the device, whether it's a car, or a drone, or a robot, or whatever it is out there autonomously moving about.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Chris, let me just, on the margin point, I would take you back to points that Brian and I had made at the Investor Meeting and at other places, which is, remember, and IoT is the perfect example of this. Those businesses lever IP that we create broadly for the company. And so our cost of entry in something like IoT actually is relatively low because we have the Atom core. We have the graphics. We're investing in the connectivity. We're investing in the wireless win for other businesses, and that's where we really get leverage in this model. And that's one of the reasons that the IoT profit margins have been as high as they have been.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thanks, guys.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Chris. And, operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava of BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Thank you very much. Actually I wanted to continue on IoT, Brian. A couple of years ago, you had laid out a 20% CAGR target for this. Then I think a year later, you had brought it down to mid-teens. And yes, it grew very strong this quarter, but last full year it was a 7% grower. So the question is, what's the right way to think about the growth profile for this business? And what happened in the past? Was it a one-year off event or kind of just help us understand the drivers? And why it should re-accelerate? And why the first quarter is not an anomaly? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I would tell you that I'd reiterate what I said, which is it's a mid-teen type of growth rate. And you got to take a look at this over the long haul. The IoT space is like similar to the embedded space a little to some extent and to the FPGA space where you have, especially where we're trying to go, where you're trying to go into products that require that higher level of compute, the machine learning and those capabilities. You have a design time, a design-in time to win the design, and then you have a ramp for that product, and so those tend to take a little while. Autonomous driving vehicles are a good example. If you're out winning designs today, you're winning 2018/2019 car designs. Those are what are being won today. So as you bring your products to market, that's what you're winning. So I'm still believing that over the long-term, this will be a mid-teens growth. It'll have for the most part PC-like margins and we've tried to pick the segments that play to our strengths and that also use the connectivity that we believe we're uniquely qualified to bring.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you. And then my quick follow-up, Stacy, what explains such a big swing in the tax rate for the quarter, for the reported quarter, and then for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. For the reported quarter, the big driver of the tax rate was a discrete item associated with one of the divestitures that we drilled out of our Security business. And we got a one-time tax benefit associated with that. And it's just coming back to the strategy, you can see the performance of the Security business both in terms of the revenue growth and their profit growth. I think the team there is doing a really good job of focusing in on a few key areas where we think we have competitive advantage and then driving them hard. And we've divested a few smaller businesses and then we happened to get a tax benefit on one of them. As we look at the year, so part of it is just what happened in Q1, and then the other part is we would expect to have a higher proportion of our profits in lower tax jurisdictions as we work our way through the year. It will bring down the tax rate a little bit.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. A clarification of the commentary you gave earlier on your restructuring. Will there be any product lines or types of products that you'll be pulling out of in the future with all the cuts that you're making?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I'm sure that as we go through this and we finish the project evaluations, there will be some products that will exit from those as they're defined. Murthy, who we brought into the company is doing a complete review of all of our products, and he's going to report back to me in the near future and give me a proposal for what those look like. So we don't have any that are set out today, but at the end, I'm sure there are going to be a few that are part of that.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And related to that, does the restructuring affect your longer-term expectations for technology transitions? And in particular, are you still hoping to get back to a two-year tick-tock cadence?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So no, it does not have any effect on our technology cadence. It has not touched that at all. And Stacy talked about even our CapEx and how the CapEx that we're spending this year, which has not moved, is mostly for either the 3D NAND ramp or 10 nm. As far as Moore's Law, we are always constantly striving to get back to two years. We're giving you a timing that's for 10 nm that's more like 2.5 years. We haven't talked about 7 nm, partly it's still in definition and alignment, so we're not sure. But I can truly tell you we are constantly working to get back to two years. And they have tried to lay out, all right, if you look at the history of Moore's Law, there have been anywhere from 18 months to three years in the length of cycles over the time. More importantly, what I always remind people, is the leadership you have over the competition, which is always what's important. All of these are getting harder and they get hard for everybody. And so you want to make sure also that your leadership gap, what you're able to do relative to the competition, remains constant as well. Both of those are as important as the other.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, David. And thank you all for joining us today. Nicole, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Investor Relations Brian Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy Smith - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch C.J. Muse - Evercore Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Chris Danely - Citigroup Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Blayne Curtis - Barclays David Wong - Wells Fargo Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Henninger. Please go ahead.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Sabrina. Welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. By now, you should have received the copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our Investor website, intc.com. I am joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO, and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we will hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also during this call, we will be using non-GAAP financial measures and references. GAAP financial reconciliations are available in earnings material, which was posted on our website, intc.com in advance of this call. The forecast Stacy speaks to today will be on a non-GAAP basis. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. Our results for the fourth quarter were consistent with expectations. We marked a strong finished to the year. Taken as a whole, 2015 demonstrated the benefits of our strategy, which is designed to capitalize on the growing need for the infrastructure powering the smart and connected world. That strategy is also resulting and the evolution of our business model to focus on three keys areas of growth, the Data Center, the Internet of Things and Memory. Our results reflect that evolution. Revenue for the year was nearly flat, despite a significant decline in PC demand. 2015 was also a year of revenue record and important milestones and I would like to take a minute to review some of them with you. Even though the Client Computing Group ended the full year down 8%, we were excited to see that we were able to grow sequentially in the second and third and fourth quarters. As of November, 14 nanometer products made up more than 50% of the Client Computing volume. For the year, high-end Core i7 microprocessors and our K SKUs for gaming, both set all-time volume records, leading to our rich product mix. In our Security business, we have refocused the organization on endpoint technology, where we enjoy a solid leadership position and we have driven material efficiencies as we fully integrated the McAfee organization into Intel. The results of these changes had been dramatic. On a constant currency basis, Security revenue rose 6% for the year while the organization's tighter focus drove a remarkable 44% improvement in operating income. The IoT Group grew revenues 7% in 2015 to $2.3 billion, an all-time record as the retail transportation and video segments also strong double-digit year-over-year growth. In our NAND Solutions group, we introduced a revolutionary new class of memory call 3D XPoint, the industry's first new memory technology in more than two decades. 3D XPoint is a great example of our growth strategy at work, using our technology expertise to innovate and expand into profitably adjacent markets. We think it is a game-changing technology moving forward. Our confidence in the technology led us to announce in the fourth quarter that we were upgrading our Dalian, China fab to manufacture both 3D NAND and 3D XPoint, with production beginning later this year. For the full-year, our memory business grew more than 20% to $2.6 billion, another all-time record. At the same time, the Data Center Group grew 11% over last year to an all-time record of $16 billion in revenue. Macro weakness weighed on enterprise demand and resulted in slower growth than we expected at the beginning of the year. However DCG's overall performance highlighted the underlying trends driving data center demand as cloud and communication service providers' revenue, both, grew more than 20% for the year. Within the Cloud segment, 40% of our volume was custom SKUs as we left the year, demonstrating the ongoing value of working directly with the customers to tailor solutions to their needs. Finally, just after our fiscal year ended, we closed our acquisition of Altera. We are thrilled to welcome the talented Altera team to Intel. Combined, our two companies will deliver powerful synergies based on Intel's process technology leadership and the integration of Altera's FPGAs. Wrapping up, our results over the last year leave me increasingly confident in our strategy. While our outlook for the first quarter reflects some caution about overall demand, particularly in China, we continue to expect solid growth in the business in 2016. Because it provides tremendous return to our shareholders, we will continue to drive innovation and differentiation in our core PC business. This business provides a foundation of IP and a source of cash flow, but it is not the sole driver of our growth. Our future as a company will increasingly be a product of the virtuous cycle of opportunities in the data center, memory and IoT market segments. In fact, you can see the impact of that virtuous cycle in our 2015 results. DCG, IoTG and Memory, delivered nearly 40% of Intel's revenue and more than 60% of Intel's operating margin in 2015. Additionally, these three adjacent markets delivered $2.2 billion in profitable revenue growth in 2015 alone. As we look ahead to 2016, we will continue to build on that strategy. With that, let me turn it over Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Brian. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year, with record revenue a $14.9 billion. We had record revenues in the Data Center and Internet of Things businesses. Gross margin of 64% was up two points to outlook. Net income was $3.6 million, down 1% year-over-year and earnings per share was $0.74, flat over the same horizon. I would like to provide context behind our full year 2015 financials as it provides insight into how we are executing to our strategy. Growth in the Data Center, Memory and Internet of Things businesses, partially offset a weaker than expected macroeconomic environment and weak PC client market. Overall, revenue for the year was $55.4 billion, which was down 1% from the prior year. The Client Computing Group achieved $32 billion in revenue and was down 8% for the year. Within the Client Computing Group, we achieved almost $1 billion in mobile profitability improvements over the course of the year, exceeding our goal. The Data Center business at about $16 billion in revenue grew 11%. The Memory business at over $2.5 billion in revenue grew over 20% and the Internet of Things business at about $2.3 billion, grew 7%. Gross margin for 2015 was approximately 63%, down about a point from 2014. Higher unit costs as we ramp 40-nanometer were offset by an increase in ASPs, driven by strong results in the data center business and a rich mix in the Client Computing business. Operating profit for the year was $14 billion, down 9% year-on-year, earnings per share for the year was $2.33, up 1% from the prior year. In 2015, the business continued to generate significant cash with $19 billion of cash from operations. We purchased $7.3 billion in capital assets. We paid $4.6 billion in dividends and repurchased about $3 billion of stock. Total cash balance was $25.3 billion, up over $11 billion year-over-year. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt, and inclusive of our other longer-term investments was approximately $6.6 billion. We issued about $9.5 billion dollars of new long-term debt to finance our acquisition of Altera. In November, we announced an $0.08 dividend increase to $1.04 per share on an annual basis effective in the first quarter of 2016. The acquisition of Altera was completed in early fiscal 2016, which means that the 2016 guidance includes the expected results for the FPGA business. As I talked to our guidance for 2016, it is important to note that we have excluded non-cash and one-time acquisition-related charges for Altera. The CFO commentary pre-released before this call and available on intc.com includes the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. For the first quarter of 2016, the mid-point of the revenue range is expected to be $14.1 billion. This forecast, which includes an extra work week and the newly acquired FPGA business, is on the low-end of the average seasonal range. This outlook represents a soft start to the year as we remain cautious on the level of economic growth, particularly in China. We continue to believe the worldwide PC supply chain is healthy with appropriate levels of inventory. Gross margin for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 62% and spending is expected to be $5.5 billion. Turning to the full year 2016, we are expecting revenue growth in the mid-to-high single digits relative to 2015. This outlook is higher than our previous guidance provided in November investor meeting. This higher range of driven by the addition of the FPGA business, partially offset by some caution as a result of uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. Gross margin for the year is expected to be 63% and spending is expected at $21.3 billion. The capital spending forecast for 2016 is $9.5 billion, up from 2015. As the economic useful life of our manufacturing equipment lengthens, we are extending the depreciable life of equipment in our factories from four to five years. This change in depreciable life drives approximately $1.5 billion and lower depreciation expense for the year. Inclusive of this change, we are forecasting depreciation expense to be $6.5 billion this year, down $1.3 billion from 2015. Our results demonstrate that we are transforming the company. We are pivoting towards the cloud with a diversified portfolio of businesses. Client is still the largest segment, but the other businesses now make up about 40% of our total revenue and 2015 marked the first year where these businesses made up the majority of our operating profit. The Data Center business is growing fast and is now a $16 billion business. That growth is being driven by growth rates in cloud computing that were over 40% year-on-year. Our Memory business grew over 20% year-over-year and is as well positioned to disrupt the industry with the launch of 3D XPoint technology. Internet of Things business grew in 2015, and is expected to contribute more growth this year. With the Altera acquisition, we expect to broaden our product portfolio in the Data Center and Internet of Things businesses and enable even more innovation. Most importantly, we are pivoting towards the cloud, diversifying our client business and building a strong foundation for long-term growth for the company. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Alright, thank you Brian and Stacy. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is a normal practice, we would ask each participant ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Sabrina, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joe Moore: Great, Thank you so much. The Client average selling prices went up again for the second quarter is that the same trend you saw in Q3 as stronger high end and what is your assumption for the ASP trajectory going forward?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. I will start, Joe. This is Brian. It is same type of trend we saw throughout 2015, with client buy up the stack and you saw that our record revenue in Core i7 and K SKUs, which are really our top-end SKUs. Forecast for '16 has us relatively flat in this space, so we do not know if it will continue, but right now we forecast flat the ASPs for '16.
Stacy Smith: Just to add, Joe, so there was a client coming. In total we see ASPs up a little bit in '16. You can see it in the gross margin reckon. As Brian said, we are maintaining client ASP, but we are expecting that server becomes a larger percentage of the mix, so we get some mix impact based on what is going on in server.
Joe Moore: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks. My follow-up, the depreciation change, was that something you had known about when you had talked about the full-year guidance at the Analyst Day? What was it that prompted you to make that change now?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. The depreciation change was not included in my forecast that I provided back in November. We were in the middle of the analysis. What prompted it was, we did an in-depth analysis based on the cadence of moving from one process technology node to the next. We talked about that at the beginning of 2015, and the third wave of products and we kind of completed our long range planning in the fourth quarter and that has what triggered the change in the depreciation cadence. I will also say, just to tie this out for you. In November, I was forecasting a 62% gross margin for the year. I am now projecting a 63% gross margin for the year and the difference there is this change in depreciation, so you can kind of see it in our gross margin reckon.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Brian Krzanich: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. First, Brian, you mentioned that there is some uncertainty near-term in the broader environment. I was hoping you could provide us some more color around that if possible by your different segments and perhaps by geography.
Brian Krzanich: Sure, Vivek. It is the same type of trend we saw in 2015, emerging markets slower than the mature markets, U.S., Western Europe looking okay. China and the rest of Asia, slow. It was both, consumer and enterprise. I would say it is a little bit heavier on the client-side, so the PC side than the data center side, but we are seeing some of it on the data center side as well and those are the two big drivers and it is all the same geography.
Vivek Arya: I see. My follow-up maybe for Stacy, can you talk about the leverage in the model? Because, if I take your full year sales growth number, OpEx is roughly about 35-ish percent or so of sales, which is in line with what you had given at Analyst Day, but I am wondering what steps can you take to drive more leverage in the model. As an IDM, shouldn't the goal be to get to at least 30%-plus operating margins, so what steps can you take this year to help drive more leverage in the model? Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Sure. First let me just take a second to detangle the 2016 numbers, because with the extra workweek, the Altera acquisition, which includes some one-time costs and the change in depreciation, it becomes a little hard to, I think, get to the bottom of what's actually happening operationally in the business. If you recall, in the investor meeting in November, Brian and I talked about the fact that we were looking to reduce spending as a percent of revenue by half-a-point. If you just take all of the adjustments out, so you don't adjust for the change in depreciation we do not adjust for Altera anything like that. We are getting that to half-a-point. When we add all of that in, we are getting a bit more than the half-a-point improvement from 2015 to 2016 in terms of our projections, so we feel we are delivering what we committed to, and when you put some of these adjustments on top of it, we will deliver a little bit more. In terms of the opportunities there, we articulated and I will let Brian comment over the top, but we articulated in the investor meeting we are still committed to drive spending as a percent of revenue down. We are in the midst of transformation right now, so we are going through a period where we are reading and feeding our portfolio, we are making some disinvestments, but very importantly we are investing in areas that we think are critical for long-term growth and health of the company and where we get lots of return i.e., the Data Center, the Internet of Things or process technology leadership, the Memory business, so we knew going into this year it would be a time of elevated investment, we are delivering what we committed, but there is more to come in future years. Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of C.J. Muse of Evercore. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess now with the Altera deal closed, I was curious if you could provide an update on your server chip roadmap and strategy as we look into 2016 and beyond.
Brian Krzanich: Sure, C.J. This is Brian. Let me just kind of give you a broad picture of Altera and where we are at. As you said, we just closed. We have just gotten through employee integration, everybody has got a badge, if you just go by the sign is out in front Intel now, we are really excited, we are starting to dig into some of the product roadmaps. The good news is, we had been working as separate companies on the first of the server chips, which is a multi-chip package, so FPGA and our Xeon in the same package. That will actually start sampling to select customers in the first quarter of this year and it will continue to select - in limited quantities - it will continue to sample throughout this year, with production in '17. Our roadmap will then - we are still working on our roadmap beyond that of when do we integrate the full IP into our silicon, so basically monolithic die and we are now actually spending an equal amount of time on that same kind of a roadmap in MCP or multi-chip package filed by monolithic die in the IoT space, so we feel pretty good about the progress and we are already in the first quarter going to be set going to the kind of leading edge [ph] if you think about.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful, and I guess as my follow-up, you provided a $10 billion CapEx budget and now it looks like it is about $500 million lower at the mid-point. I was curious what has changed there. Is that principally capacity on the logic side as opposed to memory given what we are seeing in the macro environment? Thank you.
Brian Krzanich: Yes. It is all logic for the most part and it is not as much a macro versus testing capacity or anything. That is just the ins and outs. As we went from the investor meeting into the actual firm forecast for 2016, the team has just sharpened down all the numbers and went through it in more detail. I do not think there is anything more to it. I will let Stacy comment if he wants to give you any other light on this one.
Stacy Smith: No.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the Data Center business, it decelerated as the team has expected, but 5% year-over-year growth in Q4 was a bit more deceleration than what we were anticipating, so I guess two questions. Was it all enterprise that drove the weakness and do you expect to get back to a double-digits growth trajectory in the March quarter and is the team still confident about driving mid-teens growth for DCG in 2016?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. There are a couple of things I want to talk about on the Data Center. First, when you compare Q4 to Q4, we you are looking at comparative where Q4 '14 was one of our strongest quarters, you know, as long as I can remember very strong - greater than 20% growth for the quarter, so that quarter was a little bit of unique so the quarter-to-quarter comparative is a bit tough. If you take a look at how the second half it is really Q3 and Q4 kind of looked similar. Enterprise actually stabilized from the first half, so enterprise was weak in the first half and it has got a little bit more stable in the second half. What we saw was the normal, the cloud guys turned the slowdown in the fourth quarter, because that is when a lot of that cloud, you know, they do not want to be upsetting the cloud infrastructure while the holiday seasons are on people are buying things then we continued to see strong growth and strong share gain in the networking in Telco side. Absolutely, we continue to look out. Again, we are very careful to not look at is this on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We are looking at the long view and we are very confident that yes we will continue into this double-digit growth in the Data Center. It will continue to be fueled by the cloud in the first side and then secondly by our growth in Telco and networking as our share grows there. Remember, we entered the year less than 10% share of that space and there is a lot of space there for us to grow in the networking and Telco space.
Stacy Smith: Let me just add one thing to the premise of your question. I think we were not surprised by where we ended up in the Data Center. If you recall back in November, we talked about Data Center growth rate for the year being in the low double digits. That is exactly where we came in. Based on what Brian was just talking about in terms of the strength of Q4 '14, we were expecting this to be a tough compare that we would have growth rates in the single digits.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. Then for my follow-up, you know, the team is going to be launching its 6th generation V Core product line for enterprise desktop PCs, I think, next week. There also has not been a refresh of desktop for two years, so I guess the question is what are you hearing from your corporate and enterprise customers as to the potential uptake of these new platforms relative to the very muted enterprise demand profile that we had last year?
Brian Krzanich: As you said, we kind of went roughly a year or so without a desktop enterprise upgrade, and especially when you combine coming back now with the refresh, that refresh being Skylake, the combination of Skylake's great performance and great graphics. We are past the Windows 10 launch, which is another positive in this space. We are hearing very good response as far as people's interest, the form factors you are seeing, right? You are seeing All-in-Ones, you are seeing classic desktop platforms, you are seeing great graphics, you are seeing OLED displays. Overall, it is just another segment, where we think the best computing device really is the computing industry has every built are going to be showcased. The excitement there and we just got to get past the macroeconomics of enterprises saying we are going to go do the upgrade.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to go to the equipment life extension. I know you were hopeful that eventually you would be able to get your node migration trajectory back from three years to two, so this sounds like a fairly permanent change in terms of extending your equipment life time, so what should we take from this action in terms of how you view the potential improvement ability of your node migration trajectory going forward?
Brian Krzanich: It is not an impact at all, Stacy. This is whether we are at two years or two-and-a-half or three, it was not going to dramatically shift that life expectancy like this. This is more about the amount of reuse and the efficiency and speed at which we can do the conversion, so both of those numbers have improved. Now the cycle, clearly it does not hurt to have from this perspective, the longer node cycle, but independent of that, this is a change that was fundamental to the shift and reuse and rate at which we are able to move tool from being able to run, say, 14 nanometers to 10 nanometers.
Stacy Smith: I would also just add. That is exactly right. The reuse is something that has been shifting over time and it gives us a lot of economic benefit. I will give you the accounting answer here too, which is if we got to 7 nanometer or 5 nanometer and there was something that caused us to look at the depreciable life, the economic usefulness of the equipment, we would change it, but we are certainly not expecting anything like that, but as we go through this analysis every year.
Brian Krzanich: Only thing I would add to finish is, within the manufacturing side, one of our objectives is to continue to improve on those vectors that I talked about, reuse and speed at which we are able to do these transitions, so we will be constantly trying to get this to be a longer and longer number if possible, independent of the nodes, because it just shows we are becoming more efficient.
Stacy Smith: Right.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you, guys. For my follow-up, I just wanted to take a look at the extra week that is in Q4. How much of your guidance is actually coming from that extra week. Is it sort of the full, I guess the 7.5% of whatever it is or is less, because that week is happening at the end of '15 and beginning of '16? How should we think about how that may influence normal seasonality into Q2?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. Sorry. Maybe I did not hear you, and just I want to clarify that the extra work week is in Q1 of 2016, not Q4 2015.
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, but I think it is like December 28th through January 4th or something, so how did that.
Brian Krzanich: …earlier than that. The background on this is, we go through this every five years to seven years, because we are on a work week calendar over five-year to seven-year period. We get out of sync with the actual calendar and then we add in a workweek in order to get back on sync. It is easy actually to quantify the spending associated with that extra workweek, because, you know, we have got lights on and factories running and we are paying people, so revenue associated with it is a little harder to calculate. When you look at where the week actually falls, it is that week between Christmas and New Year's. Our fiscal year ended, I think, the day after Christmas, so it is that week between Christmas and New Year's that tends to be a billings week that is dramatically lower than any other week we see during the year, so some revenue impact kind of hard to quantify it. The way I would look at it though, you know, when you look at our guide and you take out Altera and you take into account any impact for the extra workweek, what you would see is that the guide for the first quarter is, you know, kind of at the low-end of what we normally see from a Q4 to Q1, is how I think of it and then you add Altera back on top of that and you get to the revenue number that we provided. Just to be totally transparent, the revenue number for Altera in Q1 is on the order of $400 million, so you can kind of do the math from there. Thanks Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Brian, the first question I have is on the DCG business. This quarter, the December quarter, you saw a modest drop in ASPs both, sequentially and year-over-year, which is somewhat of anomaly for that business. I guess I understand the mix shift as cloud grows faster than enterprise. I am kind of curious; do you think this was a one-quarter anomaly? Is this something we should expect more of as networking grows faster in '16? Within the individual segments, are you still seeing customers buy up the stack?
Brian Krzanich: Okay. That is actually a great question, John. For Q4, the decline or the decrease in ASP was mostly driven by the much higher growth rate in the networking as you mentioned and the fact that the percentage of out add-on [ph] in networking tends to be a bit higher, so if you look at networking as a whole, the ASPs in networking tend to be lower than, say, cloud or enterprise. However, if you look at Q4's networking ASP, so if you took out just that ASP and you compared that ASP relative to prior quarters, it was actually up as an average, selling at a lower average selling price, but that average selling price is increasing as more people buy - and as NFV and SDNs takeoff, more people tend to buy up to core, because they are really searching for that performance. We do hope and expect this trend to continue into '16 as we gain share in networking, the relative strength. Then if you take a look at the cloud space and the enterprise space, we expect those to continue on the trends you have seen over the last few years. We do not expect any major shift there, but we have very strategic plans to continue to grow in the networking, storage and especially around the Telco and networking space as SDN and NFV really take hold. You will see a slightly lower ASP from there, but we expect the ASP to continue to increase in that space as we bring more functionality. Does that answer your question?
John Pitzer: Yes. It does. Very helpful, then Stacy, as my follow-on, you raised sort of the full-year gross margin by about 100 basis points, but if I kind of do the math $1.5 billion decrease in depreciation on a $60 billion revenue stream is more than 100 basis points. In addition, the Altera gross margin was higher than your core, so I guess I am trying to understand what are the offsets? Is 10 nanometer cost kind of coming in higher than expected and if you could help us understand sort of the progression of 10 nanometer cost throughout the year? That would be helpful.
Stacy Smith: Sure, and a great question. I know there is a lot of moving parts here. Let me just focus in on the depreciation change for second. I actually try to be very transparent. In the CFO commentary that was released, you will see some of this written out, so you can always refer back to it. The change in depreciation, you are right. In total, it was about $1.5 billion, but only about half of that is flowing through COGs impacting gross margins in 2016 and that is why you get to the kind of one-point shift, and that really is the primary difference, so there is a few other moving parts, but nothing that is material. That is the thing that changed from 62% gross margin forecast that we had in November to 63% gross margin forecast that we have today. The rest of the change in depreciation, about a quarter that will flow through OpEx, because remember all of the spending we do for research and development facilities actually flows through our research and development lines, so you see a little bit of a benefit there. Then you have some of it that goes into inventory and then ships out over time.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Brian Krzanich: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Just another question on the weakness you are seeing. Can you just maybe going into some detail on, when it started, have you seen any stability? Is this just CPUs in your full-year forecast you are implying that we get back to normal seasonality in Q2 through Q4?
Stacy Smith: Yes. I would articulate, we have a cautious stance as we start the year. There were a couple of things that feed into that. Units were a little weaker for us in the Client segment and Q4. As we worked our way through the Christmas selling season, what we saw was the sell-through all the way to the end customer was a less than we thought. We made up for that with a rich mix, so that is why we ended up with a pretty good result, but a little - we are watching that carefully. Then our team on the ground in China has gotten fairly cautious about what is going on in China right now. As you know, that is the largest PC market, so we are just little cautious on the growth rates there. In terms of from here, I think Brian said it well, we are expecting this is the environment as we work our way through 2016, against the a backdrop of somewhat weak macroeconomic environment we kind of expect the year to play out kind of normally from here.
Chris Danely: Okay. Thanks. Then as far as the Altera revenue, I think you said $400 million. I think that is down like somewhere in the mid-teens or something like that, sequentially. Why the conservative forecast. Then do you have any forecast for the year for Altera business?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. I am not going to speak. They did not release results for 2015, so I am really not able to talk about their results for 2015. I can tell you from our perspective, we did not see anything that was surprising in terms of what we have seen about their business levels. We actually expect some revenue growth as we go from '15 to '16. I will give you kind of in total what we expect for Altera. It is a little north of $1.6 billion in terms of revenue. Gross margin that as John was saying is a little higher than the corporate average, so it gives us a slight mix, but because it is a relatively small business against the backdrop of Intel, it is not a big shift in our gross margin and then we were expecting spending that is at run rate of a of $200 million a quarter. In addition to all of that, there will be a bunch of kind of one-time acquisition deal related, there is amortization acquisition related intangibles, we see all those in the GAAP number. I have excluded them from the non-GAAP numbers I just gave you.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask you questions. Stacy, one question on the OpEx side, back to that leverage question, you had a very useful slide at the Analyst Meeting about how you disinvest in some areas and increase investments in another. I guess my next question is, given that ability to do a substitution in the past, is there any limitation on that going forward or if you going to keep spending more on some of the growth initiatives. Is that actually going to be all incremental to the level we have now?
Stacy Smith: No. I think that is actually part of our DNA. As we are pretty rigorous about trying to weed and feed where we invest and where we disinvest. As you referred to in the Investor Meeting, I showed up and down arrow chart and the magnitude of those shifts was on the order of a $1 billion for some of the big movers as we added investments in some areas and subtracted investments in others and I will also say there is a point at which we expect that we get more and more leverage in businesses like the Data Centers as well, so I think there is a lot of opportunities for us to bring down spending as a percent of revenues as we go forward.
Ross Seymore: I guess my final…
Stacy Smith: Add anything to that.
Brian Krzanich: No. Go ahead.
Ross Seymore: I guess as my follow-up question is, just any more color you can provide on the channel inventory? You mentioned that the unit demand was a little weaker than you had expected. How is the channel looking right now and what sort of expectation should we have for your internal inventory looking into this year? Thanks.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. We believe that 2015 ended with I would just call it very healthy inventories. In fact, one of the things we saw was a slight decrease in the inventory levels as we exited the fourth quarter. If you take a look at what we had originally projected and what would have been more an industry norm would have been a slight increase in inventory. We expect those kind of healthy inventory levels to extend through '16. There is no sign that anybody is adding inventory or not moving of a cautious position on inventory and that is what has been built into our forecast as well.
Stacy Smith: Yes. To the question on internal inventory levels, I would just say, we ended Q4 with a little more inventory than I was expecting and a little higher than I would like. Two drivers there, we saw as I said a little bit weaker units, so we made up for us in rich mix, a little bit weaker unit and we saw yields get better on 14 nanometer and the combination of that - little more inventory leaving Q4 than I would like. You will see it, on a dollar basis, will go up in Q1 as a result of Altera, so Altera will cause the inventory levels to go up some, but when you look at it from a business standpoint, I think we will work through the inventory we have, and when we get into the back half of the year, we will bring inventory levels down.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Stacy, the roughly $400 million of Altera, I do not expect you to report it going forward. Just curious how does that fit into reportable buckets just kind of levels that if the first quarter out. Then secondly, could you just talk about how you are integrating or not integrating Altera. I think I have kind of heard both. It sounds like you wanted to keep the sales force separate, but just curious, kind of, where does that report under and how much integration are you going to do?
Stacy Smith: Sure. I will take the accounting question. Then I will ask Brian to give his insight and philosophy on the whole integration. On the reportable segment, so actually I do plan to give you full visibility into Altera. It is a relatively small business for us. It does not hit the SEC reporting requirement, so it does not come across that threshold, but we just feel strongly that based on transparency and the size of the acquisition, we want to give you transparency, so you will see that in our financials going forward. I will let Brian answer the integration question.
Brian Krzanich: Yes. From an integration standpoint, I think what you have seen we have done with McAfee as we have integrated it into Intel Security and you saw the great results that we have shown in the fourth quarter, those are somewhat an example of what happens as you integrate and you really get to focus on the business at a much higher level. Same thing for Altera, we plan to fully integrate it. It is going to look like a business group, no different than say CCG that has PCs and modems, phones or DCG that has Data Center. It is called PSG, Programmable Solutions Group. It reports directly to me and it will be fully integrated. The sales force at the beginning, because the sales tend to be a bit more technical and a bit more a field sales engineering-type role, we are keeping it separate, but that is something we are going to continue to evaluate, but the organization, the engineering, already were in the first two weeks. We had - really for me, I am really pleased with the level of integration and help that we have done to get products and the roadmaps focused and integrated into our internal systems, so you should expect it to be fully integrated.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Blayne. Operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Perfect. Our next question comes from the line of David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David Wong: Thanks very much. What might we expect in the way or new 14 nanometer Data Center processors family in 2016?
Brian Krzanich: Let see. I think, we have got Broadwells, Xeon. It is going to launch in the first half here of '16, so that will be the first of the 14 nanometer or the next 14 nanometer into 2016, is that E5 on Broadwell. The rest of them, we have not put any other dates out there yet, so Skylake SKUs and so forth.
David Wong: Okay. Great. My follow-up, with startup and other charges, do you expect memory output in China in 2016 will be a positive or negative contribution to EPS and should we expect a positive contribution in 2017 from the China fab?
Stacy Smith: Let me think. There will be some pretty significant costs and that is in the gross margin reckon associated with the startup of the factory in China. We will be in production in the back half of the year, but we are just ramping production. I think if you were just looking at the six-month time period, you would say it is kind of negative and you can see it in the gross margin it is a slight negative on the gross margin. It does not change the fact that we make these investments and then we get this, what I would say tremendous long-term benefit out of making that investments, so that does not - I do not want you to take from that that we are somehow less bullish on the transformational capabilities of what the team has managed to pull off for 3D XPoint, because we are actually quite bullish on that.
David Wong: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I just had a question again on the depreciation change. I know, Stacy, you talked about it being due to reuse, but I guess relative to just the fundamental cadence of the migrations, your intent has been to get sort of back on a normal Morris low cadence. I just want to make sure that is still the case?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. We have said that - This is Brian, by the way, not Stacy. 10 nanometers would be closer to that two-and-a-half years than two years that we would continue to strive to get back on two years. Some of that was as we go to the fine 7 nanometers, what the complexity technology looks like, whether UV is ready or not, but absolutely we are pushing to get back on that two-year cadence.
Stacy Smith: Yes. I would just add, please do not take the accounting of the depreciable life to be somehow signal that we are letting our foot off the gas on process technology cadence and process technology leadership. That is the heartbeat of the company and we are driving it hard. The accounting just as looking at how long that equipment is economically viable in our factories and it is pretty clearly five years as we go forward.
Timothy Arcuri: Right. Okay. Got it. Then just last question, so on the mobile group, at the Investor Day you talked about another $800 million improvement this year in the losses. Is this still the target and maybe talk about the progress there and whether we could see any momentum for smartphone this year with 7360? Thanks a lot.
Brian Krzanich: It is absolutely still the target. That has not changed one bit. It is a little early in the year to talk about progress. I would tell you that we have a large percentage of $800 million, already I will call it planned out. In other words, we have projects. We know what we need to do, introduce products, align which SKUs are coming and move products on to that, so I would say a large percentage of that is well-planned through the year, but it is throughout the year, so I cannot tell I have already get $200 million of it or something like that, not here in the second, third week of the year. 7360, it is out. It is sampling, the customers are going through their validations now at the systems, where they are building up systems and out testing them on networks and so forth. As far as the launches of those systems and the announcements, those are always up to our customers and we do not make sure that we are the ones announcing that. Then what we have told you is that, what is even as important is that we are on a yearly cadence now of our modem technology and we are very confident on that as well for the next set of modems that comes out after the 7360.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Tim. All right, thank you all for joining us today. Sabrina, you can please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-13 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - VP, Finance & Director-IR Brian Krzanich - CEO Stacy Smith - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Chris Danely - Citigroup Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee David Wong - Wells Fargo Romit Shah - Nomura Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Henninger, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Amanda, and welcome everyone to Intel's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our web site, intc.com. And finally, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be hosting our annual investor meeting here at our Santa Clara headquarters on Thursday, November 19. If you have questions about the event or logistics, please contact investor relations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. We executed well against our strategy in the third quarter, and delivered revenue just above the midpoint of our expectations; as a result of a richer client mix, driven largely by our new 6th Gen core products. Despite ongoing macroeconomic headwinds, there are signs that the PC market is beginning to stabilize and we continue to benefit from a strategy designed to capitalize on the growing need for the infrastructure that powers the smart and connected world. I'd like to take a moment to touch on a few highlights; the client confidence [ph] on these products and good, better, best segmentation strategy to record core mix. The third quarter saw the release of both Windows 10 and our 6th Generation core microprocessors, formerly known as Skylake. Our partners in the industry are using this combination to drive an unprecedented innovation, creating new generation of high performance enthusiast desktops and thinner, lighter and more versatile two-in-ones. There are more than 50 sixth generation core systems in the market, available and shipping now, and we expect to more than triple that number by the end of 2015. We remain solidly on track to our previously committed goal to improve mobile profitability by $800 million. Over 75% of that goal has already been realized to-date. At the same time, our strategy to be a foundational supplier of internet infrastructure is delivering growth. Our Data Center, non-volatile memory and IOT groups all posted double digit growth year-over-year. BCG grew 12% on strong cloud and networking volume. At the same time, the Internet of Things grew 10% year-over-year, driven by the video, manufacturing and retail segments. The Altera transaction remains on-track to our original six to nine month closing schedule. During the quarter, both U.S. regulators and Altera stockholders approved the transaction. We are excited about the new opportunities and innovations that integrated FPGAs will make possible, in both the Data Center and the Internet of Things. In the third quarter, the strength in our memory business continued, growing 20% year-over-year. We are excited about our 3D XPoint technology, the industry's first new memory category in more than two decades. This breakthrough technology is up to 1,000 times faster than NAND and up to 10 times denser than conventional memories, like DRAMs. This enables memory intensive applications to be performed at much faster rates and much lower costs, opening up entirely new opportunities. 3D XPoint is evidence of our commitment to innovation, and it’s a direct result of our 10 plus year research and development pipeline. While we have more work to do, together, these results reinforce my confidence in our strategy, to create shareholder value. I look forward to talking with you more about our opportunities and our plans during our November investor meeting. And with that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks Brian. Revenue for the third quarter was $14.5 billion, 10% growth quarter-on-quarter and above the midpoint of our outlook. The higher than expected revenue, was driven by higher notebook and desktop platform average selling prices, as we shipped a record core mix. Year-on-year revenue was flat. Third quarter gross margin of 63% was in line with the outlook. Operating income of $4.2 billion was down 8% year-over-year and up 45% quarter-over-quarter. Net income was $3.1 billion, down 6% year-over-year and up 15% quarter-over-quarter, and earnings per share of $0.64 was down 3% year-over-year and up 16% quarter-over-quarter. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $8.5 billion, a 7% decrease year-over-year. From a PC market perspective, we continue to see weakness in nine consumer segments in emerging markets. The worldwide PC supply chain is healthy, as we ramp our sixth generation core microprocessors, formerly known as Skylake. Operating profit for the overall Client Computing Group was $2.4 billion, down 20% year-over-year. The Data Center, Internet of Things and Memory businesses continue to account for almost 40% of our revenue in the third quarter. The Data Center Group had record revenue of $4.1 billion. The 12% growth year-over-year is driven by strength in the cloud and improvement in our enterprise business. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $2.1 billion, up 9% year-over-year. The Internet of Things segment also achieved 10% year-over-year revenue growth of $581 million. Additionally, the memory business grew at 20%. The business continued to generate significant cash, with $5.7 billion of cash from operations in the third quarter. We purchased $1.2 billion in capital assets, paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $1 billion of stock in the third quarter. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was $20.8 billion, up $7 billion quarter-over-quarter. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt, and inclusive of our other longer term investments, is approximately $5.1 billion. Over the next two quarters, we expect to complete the acquisition of Altera. During the third quarter, we issued $8 billion of new long term debt, consistent with financing plan I outlined on the last earnings call. As we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2015, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $14.8 billion, up 2% from the third quarter, and we are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 62%, a one point decrease from the third quarter. This revenue forecast, aligns with our prior full year 2015 revenue guidance of down approximately 1% when compared to 2014. Overall, we are seeing a weak PC client business being offset by strong growth in the Data Center, memory and Internet of Things businesses. For the full year 2015, we expect the memory business to grow at a fast pace. Both the Data Center and Internet of Things businesses will also exhibit strong growth. But the annual growth rate for these businesses will be lower than expectations at the beginning of the year, as a result of weaker than expected macroeconomic growth. We now expect the Data Center business to grow in the low double digits versus the prior forecast of approximately 15%. Relative to our forecast at the beginning of the year, we are seeing a weaker enterprise segment being partially offset by a stronger than expected cloud segment. The third quarter results and the fourth quarter forecast reinforce our strategy. Despite weakness in the macroeconomic environment and the overall PC market, we are achieving solid financial results as we benefit from the growth in Data Center, memory, and Internet of Things businesses. More importantly, we are building the foundation for future growth. The combination of the 6th Generation core microprocessor and Windows 10 creates exciting devices for the PC segment. Our investments and leadership in the Data Center are resulting in strong growth. We have a strong and growing memory business, which is well positioned to disrupt the industry with a launch of 3D XPoint technology, and lastly, we are well positioned to benefit in the Internet of Things market. Our process technology leadership and a broad range of leadership IP creates a competitive advantage that we believe will result in increased shareholder value, and as we complete the Altera acquisition, we expect to broaden our product portfolio and enable even more innovation. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Okay. Thank you Brian and Stacy. Moving on now to the Q&A; as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Amanda, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. I guess just to kind of go over the revenue beat; so it sounds like, to paraphrase, it was mostly driven by -- or all driven by CCG and that it was mostly driven by pricing, is that true? And then why wouldn't -- gross margins haven't been a little better than expected, if pricing was so strong, or if you could just illustrate [ph]on that?
Stacy Smith: Yes. The first approximation, the revenue higher than expectations was a result of a richer mix inside of the client group. You can see that the unit and ASP trends in the supplemental materials that I put out. But pretty much to our expectations, it was all due to just a richer mix. We saw strength at the core i7 level literally across the core product line, as we launched Skylake. The gross margin question, if you look at the margin recon, what we saw is we saw some good news associated with the richer mix. It was offset by higher 14-nanometer costs than we were anticipating. We are expecting some bad news. We had a little bit more bad news than we anticipated, and that comes down till we actually ramped the Ireland factory a little bit earlier and the first wafers out of that factory were pretty expensive, and so we saw a mixing up of costs in Q3 a little bit more than we thought.
Chris Danely: Okay, thanks. And for my follow-up, you mentioned some demand going on out there, some demand changes in the geos and everybody is concerned about China. Can you just comment on your business in China, and maybe just talk about how your geos did in general versus expectations?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. This is Brian. I think if you take a look at -- there has been a trend this entire year, where the mature markets have tended to do -- be the strongest for us, so U.S., western Europe. And Asia, PRC, parts of Eastern Europe, developing countries not being as strong, they are having some softness that carried into the third quarter as well. And so, if you just take a look at China in general, it kind of mimics that and -- if you look at it, sales are down slightly, they are softer, and its more of the consumer than the enterprise in that space, and across all the different segments. We saw it across the board.
Chris Danely: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I got a follow-up on the ASP side of things. Stacy, could you give us a little color underneath the covers on how the CCG ASPs can be up 15% year-over-year when the desktop and notebook breakdowns are up at most like half or a third of that? And then, how sustainable is that ASP increase going forward, as I notice you did not put it into your gross margin benefit in the fourth quarter?
Stacy Smith: Yeah. So on to your first question, the piece of the math you're missing is, what's going on tablets. And while it’s a relatively small portion of the business, if you remember, a year ago, we were seeing very significant counter revenue dollars which was coming out of ASP, and those for the large part, have abated. And so a change in the tablets is giving you that average that's higher than both desktop and notebook. We provided the data. If you just look at desktop, the ASP is up about 8% year-on-year and notebook ASP is up about 4% year-on-year, and that's really just mix. I am not sure if it’s the second part of your question?
Ross Seymore: Just that the sustainability and what it would do to gross margin? You didn't mention it in the fourth quarter, as far as being an ASP benefit?
Stacy Smith: Yeah. We are shipping a rich mix, that has been true across 2015, if you just see -- against the backdrop of a relatively weak PC market. We have seen pockets of strength and a lot of that has been at the high end. And I think its coming down -- we have got some great technology there, we are doing a reasonably good job of segmenting the product lines, so its not one size fits all anymore, you have all in ones and gaming PCs. We have launched a specific line now for gamers, those kinds of things. I think its likely to stay a fairly rich mix. So that's not -- gross margin, we kind of -- this means we are expecting it to maintain, not necessarily grow from here, but also, not necessarily come down.
Ross Seymore: Great. And I guess, as my follow-up, looking at your MCG, which you used to call the MCG side, and more specifically, the cellular side, you have had another reasonably large player exit that market during this last quarter in Marvell. Can you just give us an update on where you are with your LTE and maybe SoFIA product lines, and strategically, have you noticed any change in that business, now that the number of suppliers at the high end seems to be down to two?
Brian Krzanich: Yeah. So I think, let me start with the first part of your question, which is how is the progress going inside. So we have our 7260 modem that's been shipping throughout this year. There are products throughout the world that are using that modem, including in the U.S. The 7360, which is our next generation modem, is -- we will be shipping by the end of this year, with products to be announced by our customers, next year. So the LTE modem ramp, basically you need to be on a -- yearly cadence with these modems is going well. SoFIA 3G and the 3G-R, which is the Rockchip version of the SoFIA is in market today, that you can see tablets and phones with those today. You will see the first of the SoFIA LTEs next year, first half of next year, and SoFIA with Intel 14-nanometer in the back half of next year, and so those continue on schedule as well. And market dynamics, I guess the way I look at the modem business is, its not really dependent -- it’s a competitive market, and its not as much about how many players are in it. There is actually I think more than two. But its really about keeping that yearly cadence and having the right technologies in place and being competitive, and it doesn't really matter almost how many there are, there will be somebody there trying to compete with you at that leading edge. That's where the modem is really driven at that leading edge.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, can you tell us what drove the CapEx this quarter and what that implies for how you're viewing sort of forward unit trajectory, as we exit the year?
Stacy Smith: Sure. Actually, it’s a pretty specific issue this quarter. We upgraded the configuration of a specific piece of equipment that we were going to buy [indiscernible] some delivery slots that were towards the end of this year. As we upgraded to a richer configuration, it swapped out to delivery slots from the end of this year, to Q1 of next year. So just shifted a few hundred million dollars worth of CapEx from 2015 to 2016. In terms of outlook for next year, we are not providing that forecast now. We will talk obviously a lot more about that in November. You do have to keep in mind, this was an unusually low year, so I'd expect directionally, CapEx will be up some next year, but we will talk much more about that in November.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. So my follow-up, I just want to clarify, so you're essentially holding your Q4 revenue guidance, effectively unchanged versus what was implied before? We have got Data Center, which is basically lower. PC outlook is still weak, and it seems like the unit outlook there, maybe lower than it was. Your cap is cut again, suggest you don't see the unit trend improving. Is it fair to say then that really the pricing outlook is really all that's kind of helping you support the outlook into Q4? And I guess you sort of talked about a little bit on sustainability of that, as you see it. But I guess, would you to find sort of I guess the outlook on pricing now to be the biggest near term risk on beyond just -- with the channel doing great? I guess, was pricing the biggest near term risk, in terms of what's driving the business, if we are looking over the next couple of quarters, as we exit the year?
Brian Krzanich: So let me start with this, and then I am sure, Stacy is going to have something to add. I think first, in our comment that we are not -- given the CapEx shift, we are not thinking about units growing. Anything we spend in CapEx today is really about capacity, probably more towards the end of next year, maybe even into 2017. So you have to remember, there is this lag, and that's why, as we looked at the tool, actually, we are making an adjustment on the efficiency of that tool, basically the number of units per tool out. In order to get more capacity, when that tool is really required. So I want to just separate that, so people don't get the wrong message about the CapEx and what we will do in the future. If you take a look at Q4, we said whilst it's absolutely relatively a seasonal, when you just take a look at the unit level standpoint. So there is a natural decline in the total number of units, as you go from Q3 into Q4, based on just holiday shift. Now we are going to move -- if you take a look at Q4 versus Q3, there is a higher percentage of Skylake, which is our 6th Generation core as we talked about, and we think there will be a richer mix, as you move into there. So that's kind of how Q4 was laid out, and then as we said, we are not really talking about 2016 yet until the investor meeting. But I think we should separate out the CapEx, we have predicted -- the key -- seasonal Q4, but with a mix that is remaining rich, but that richness is based on both the great products that we have been producing, but also a richer percentage of Skylake/Intel 6th Gen Core.
Stacy Smith: I guess, I'd just add. I would just zoom out a little bit on the math. We exited Q3 with healthy worldwide supply chain inventories. We actually think we probably undershipped the market a little bit in Q3, and we are forecasting seasonal Q4, and there was a little bit of movement into the businesses, but nothing that really moves the numbers. So to us, it feels like a pretty natural forecast in support of all the data we have seen.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Stacy, maybe just a follow-up on the September quarter; you said in your prepared comments that platform for client was up about 3% on a volume basis. Can you help me better understand what desktops and notebooks did sequentially, because if I kind of rack the year-over-years, I am getting up high single digit to low double digit sequentially; is that right? And then just relative to your comment about -- earlier about inventory, how does that [indiscernible] sort of a lean inventory, or do you actually feel like Skylake is producing a build or will continue to produce a build into the calendar fourth quarter?
Stacy Smith: Yeah I think -- we saw units up some in Q3. But I think the year-over-year compare probably tells the tale a little bit better. We were down 14%-15% between notebooks and desktops when you compare that against what the third parties would say happen with the TAM, they are kind of down in the more high single digits. So I think we undershipped a bit, relative to the overall TAM. And when we go do our test of inventory, we come back with healthy inventory levels, if that's what you're getting at.
John Pitzer: Well, I guess what I am getting at is, just a seasonal Q4, with a new product launch and undershipping in Q3. I would assume that Q4 could actually be better. I don't know what I am missing relative to that math.
Brian Krzanich: Maybe you and Stacy should go arm wrestle, and between the two of you, you can figure out whether you are too high or too low. So yeah, I mean, there could be headwinds and tailwinds, as we go into the quarter as always. But we are kind of looking at it, saying, we have got healthy inventory levels and we are going into the seasonally stronger selling season. It feels like we are kind of balanced in terms of the risks and opportunities.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And guys, my follow-up, Brian, just on the Data Center Group, we are going to be a little bit shy of the long term target this year, because of macro. Do you have to rethink what that long term growth rate target should be? And I guess more importantly, at what point is the enterprise part of the business small enough, because that's actually the most macro sensitive, where these macro issues won't kind of be this significant?
Stacy Smith: Sure. So I don't want to -- I am not going to go rethink the long term growth. We are still very confident that we can keep this over the long term, growing at mid-teens level. You really have to take a look at this John, over a longer period of time. you can't live in this industry by a quarter. For example, we have talked about -- enterprise is a bit weak right now and the cloud has been basically helping us in growing at a rate faster than we'd even projected as we entered this year. But what typically happens in the fourth quarter, the cloud enterprises, and not to do large purchases in the fourth quarter. Well they have in the past at times, but in general, don't, because really fourth quarter is their selling season, and so they don't want to disrupt their systems during that quarter, and then it comes back in the first half of the follow-on year. So there is always this lumpiness to this quarter-by-quarter and you have to look over a much longer period of time. Your second kind of question built into that, when does cloud and networking and the rest of the infrastructure work. I really want to remind people that, what we are doing in the Data Center is not only just growing cloud versus enterprise, but we are driving hard into networking, we are driving -- next year you will see our Silicon Photonics, you will see FPGAs with Altera, so it’s a broad spectrum of products that should increase our footprint in the Data Center. We haven't set a date for when those are big enough, that they offset enterprise. But its not long, its in the near future that we can offset enterprise weakness.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jim Covello: Great guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I will let Stacy and John arm wrestle over the near term stop. I will ask a couple longer term things. First I guess Brian, on the NAND market; obviously this has been a terrific market for you guys. There is a lot going on there, there is a lot of growth opportunities commensurate with what's going on in the Data Center. There seems to be a lot of consternation next year about which of the various players are going to do what, and potential consolidation on the industry. Maybe you could just give us an update on how the NAND market looks to you, as you go out to 2016, and where you see the opportunities, and you know, what kind of investments you think you will need to make there?
Brian Krzanich: Sure Jim. So let's start at kind of the macro level and then work our way down. As you said, the non-volatile business has been very good to us, and it has grown at a better rate than we even anticipate, as we entered the year. We need to remember that, more than 80% of what we sell are enterprise SSDs that are going into those Data Centers. So we made a very tight connection. When we think of our NAND business, we think of it tied very closely to our Data Center business, and in fact, we trend a lot of synergy on the products, the efficiencies, the performance of these products, as we go to market and then, how we go talk to our customers. If we take a look at next year, its really the ramp of our 3D NAND process, and that we believe gives us a performance and cost advantage over the competition. We are very comfortable with where we are positioned for next year, from that perspective. In addition, we talked about our 3D XPoint, which is really a transformational product for the memory market. What we said was, we start shipping limited engineering samples end of this year. You have seen on-stage, we showed at IDF and a couple of other places now, working products with benchmarks, we will continue to show more and more of those as we go through this year, and we will start shipping product for that next year. As I look out in next year and beyond, it really becomes the 3D NAND driving the real high volume, better cost and performance enterprise SSDs and in 3D XPoint, really transforming how memory and storage work together and again, we will target the Data Center and have that very close crosslink between these. But I think 3D XPoint, you will actually see in many-many other products, as the value of both memory, storage, and performance start to play out in a variety of applications, IOT, mobile, all over the place.
Jim Covello: That's very helpful. Thank you. Maybe for a follow-up, I will kind of ask about one of the other longer term drivers that you have talked about, the foundry business to kind of offset what you expect to be continued declines in the PC unit business over time, or continued slow growth in that business over time. So you have talked about NAND, you have also talked about foundry. Could you give us a little bit of an update on the thoughts around foundry, bringing Altera and how its notwithstanding, you still see incremental growth opportunities in that space, even though a lot of them, you can't really talk about too much publicly.
Brian Krzanich: Yeah. We do see incremental growth and as you said, there are deals and have [ph] that we cannot talk about publicly. But I do see it still as a growth business. Its not going to be one of those ones that's going to largely move the needle in the next couple of years, but we do see continued growth and continued acquisition of customers in that space.
Jim Covello: Very helpful. Thanks so much. Good luck.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks. So let me ask a question; for my first question, I am wondering what the current run rate of losses is tied to your division, which I guess formerly was called Mobile Communications Group. So I know last year, on a quarterly basis, you were losing about $1 billion a quarter in MCG, and this year you have made improvement, to $800 million for the year. So on a quarterly basis, Stacy, is it [indiscernible] to assume that the loss there is less than $900 million, so as you make improvements, it continues to be a source of accretion to your EPS?
Stacy Smith: I just want to be clear, we have completely reorganized. We no longer have the MCG segment. So when we talk about this, we are not talking about it in the context of the commitments we have made to improve the overall profitability of our mobile business broadly. We are well on track to the commitment that we made at the beginning of the year. As Brian said, we have kind of loomed up to having achieved 75% of the overall target. I did say it was a little bit back end loaded, so if you are doing your quarterly math, you'd probably get to a little bit -- you wouldn't be linear, you get to a little bit of a bigger reduction as we move into the back half relative to the first half, because the counter revenue dollars really ramped up for us, as we bought SoFIA into the marketplace and that was more of a back half phenomenon for us.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then for my follow-up, could you remind us, what is the core mix right now, and as a percentage of your PC clients, and where can it get to, and is that how we should think about, what determines the upper limit on when client ASPs start to saturate, because pricing has been an important part of stability in your PC division?
Stacy Smith: So we will go through some of the mix stuff in the investor meeting in November. The heart of your question, what's driving the upside; I really a lot of it is segmentation. And its interesting, if you use our desktop business as a proxy, we have been in a low unit growth environment for a while, that's kind of slightly down, slightly up kind of thing. This year down a bit more. But we have managed to maintain the profitability of that business, because we are seeing a lot more segmentation of the business. You still have the first time buyer PCs that happen in emerging markets, but increasingly, there is relatively expensive PCs that provide a lot of value to the consumer, in all-in-ones, and we now see dedicated gaming PCs that are doing quite well, and those kinds of things. I think the future for us is, more segmentation of our product line. I think that helps us both from a standpoint of volume mix and should give us some opportunities in terms of price.
Vivek Arya: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Doug Freedman: Hi guys. Thanks very much for taking my question. I am going to really follow-up on one that has already been asked, let's see if I can get a little bit more clarity. First off, congrats on getting the 75% target of the $800 million of savings. Do you want to introduce a new target, given that you are so far along in this, and just to try to get a handle on how much more cost reduction, or what your strategy is really going forward with the mobility side of the business. The tablet units look like they did soften here. So my question really is, what's your target for your mobility IP?
Brian Krzanich: So let me start a bit about the strategy, and we can then lay out. I think Stacy gave you some indication that we are well on our way, and in fact, if you take a look at it, its non-linear. So we should be handling $800 million and probably slightly above that number. How much, we are not going to forecast that right now. Our strategy really when you -- and as we get into the investor meeting, we will talk about it next year. But you can assume, we will have another goal next year, where we do another reduction and improve the P&L. That's fundamental, as we said, we are going to go into this business to make money and we have to get there. That is absolutely the fundamental strategy. That said, what we said around mobility is that, on tablets, we pretty much keep our share and our position in the market relatively equal to where it was, and everybody sees tablets have shrunk this year as a category. And so we have been careful about not chasing the bottom as prices drop, figuring out where the value is, where we can go in and make a little bit of money, and actually add some innovation. So you're going to see some tablets as we go towards the holidays, with things like RealSense and that allow people new usages and new applications. And as we go into 2016, you will see more of that. On phones, it’s the same thing. We will be even more careful there, doing partnerships with people, where we can go in, we can provide innovation and the right cost model, make some money for both us and our partners, and we have been very-very careful. And that's why, we have actually said our bigger, longer term strategy there is modems, to the general phone market, and then partnerships for specific products; and that's the Spectrum and Rockchip partnerships that we have right now.
Doug Freedman: Great. Terrific. Thanks for all that color. If I could, similarly, looking over at the Data Center business, clearly cloud has been quite an area of strength. I think investors continue to be concerned about your new competitors entering that market, some people talking about the progress ARM has made. Can you maybe talk about how you are feeling about your competitive positioning against that threat? Thank you.
Brian Krzanich: Absolutely. All these markets, there has always been a competitor. Whether you look in the PC market, or whether you look the Data Center market, or any of these, there has been competitors. We have worked our way up in this position. And our goal is always, to continuously push the product performance and the way we think about it is, is really, what does it take to replace ourselves even, in this market, especially the Data Center. How do we do a total cost of ownership, such that, it pays to go to our next generation, in both footprint, cost of operation and performance. All of those things are what we drive; that and system integration right, the whole [indiscernible] scale architecture and doing system integration, such that it's simpler, quicker and cheaper for people to install a cloud based system. We really focused on those and just really trying to have the best performance we can in that space. And there will always be competitors and our goal is to just consistently outperform, and there will be new entrants and old entrants all along, trying to win share away from us. That's going to be a norm.
Doug Freedman: Great. And congratulations on the strong results.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Wong: Thanks very much. Your Client Computing Group, the operating margins you reported, jumped several percentage points in the September quarter. Can you give us some idea as to what you expect going forward in the near term, and also, do you have a long term goal for operating margin for this Group?
Stacy Smith: So we don't forecast at that level, David. On a long term view, we will -- as we always do, we will give you some thoughts in terms of what the long term growth potential and overall profitability goals are, when we get to November. In general, what you are seeing there when you look at it sequentially is, you're seeing a quarter where volume was up some, and we had a nice rich mix as we launched Skylake. So that helped a lot from the same point of profitability, quarter-on-quarter. 
David Wong: Okay, great. And are there any new major product launches for Data Center we might expect this year, in the remaining months?
Brian Krzanich: Nothing that we haven't already made public. No.
David Wong: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you. Had a question on the PC market. Brian, every year, we are looking for -- calling for a bottom in PCs. And last year, the units were better than expected, they were still down. This year has obviously been weaker. But now we are at the point, where you look at the supply chain as you guys characterize, it’s fairly lean. You have got the new operating system from Windows plus Skylake. So it just seems like all the pieces are there for PCs to finally bottom, but I wanted to gauge your confidence?
Brian Krzanich: I guess my answer to that would be, I do believe that we are in a unique situation, where we have, as you said, new operating system with Windows 10. We have our sixth generation core Skylake in place. We have a lot of innovation from OEMs. We have some additional product like -- our innovation like RealSense. You will see some unique memory architectures next year, even 3D XPoint gets into this space. I do think that, there is a good point for optimism. That said, some of these transitions are going to take some time, and so I am very cautious of people to say how fast and when. So if you take a look at it, there is the ability to do Windows 10 upgrades today, but actually on-shelf, new systems is until later this month. So it’s not until later this month, that actually -- you can walk into the store and get an on-shelf system with Win 10. Enterprises will go, I think quicker than Win 10 than some of the prior generations of Windows. But still enterprise takes a while to do these kinds of conversions, so it will be into next year, those conversions. So I do see that this is a great opportunity, and that we should see some tailwinds pushing us into the PC market. But it’s going to be over time. It’s not going to be, boy next quarter it jumps. So I kind of want to lay out that its going to be over next year or so that it takes to get this transition through.
Stacy Smith: If I can just add, as Brian and I talk about the business and think about it. I think this quarter is a great illustration point of how we view it. In a time period, where PC units are down in high single digits at the TAM level. We still get enough growth from the Data Center and the Memory business and the Internet of Things to pretty much tread water in terms of revenue growth, right? And you can see it in our results in Q3, in fact you can see it in our results for the year. If PC units are down in the mid-single digits, we actually grow at a pretty fast pace, and if we get to where the PC units are flat, we are growing at a very fast pace. That's kind of fixing the growth rate for everything else, but it’s a good way to think about what our strategy is and how we are driving the business. So we don't really need unit growth to grow the company at a fast pace, because we are much less dependent on the PC segment than we have historically been and our growth really comes from -- the Data Center is a very large business and then we are investing in things like Memory and the Internet of Things business that will add some growth to that.
Romit Shah: Helpful. Thank you.
Mark Henninger: Operator, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you, Mark. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a question on the gross margin Stacy. Looking at the year-over-year comparisons for similar revenue run rate on gross margin is going to be down about 300 bips, is the biggest offsetting factor, on a year-over-year basis, is the startup costs; because unit costs should be getting lower, or am I not right?
Stacy Smith: No. The biggest difference compared to -- if you looked back to Q3 of 2014, if memory serves, I think we were at 65%, we were 63% in Q3 of this year. And units were down some from last year, we talked about this as a weaker TAM. So that's one piece. But the bigger piece is, 14-nanometer costs. And you're right, we are coming down the costs pretty rapidly on 14-nanometer, but its becoming a richer and richer percentage of the overall shipment mix and 14-nanometer still is more than 22-nanometer. And so we have seen a little bit of a mix-up in terms of costs, as we have worked our way through 2015.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. So the cadence of the usual tick-tock; the cadence of the startup costs shouldn’t change as much. So in Q1, we should be seeing an increase in startup costs for TAM, correct?
Stacy Smith: We are actually seeing a bit of an increase in startup costs starting in Q4. If you look at the Q4 margin reconciliation, you start to see that increasing startup costs.
Ambrish Srivastava: So it shifted more to Q4, and there won't be as much in Q1, is that the right takeaway there?
Stacy Smith: Well, keep in mind, the elevation started since the last, way more than one quarter. I am just saying, you are seeing the front edge of the elevated 10-nanometer startup costs as kind of starting as we speak.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Thanks Ambrish.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael McConnell of Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Michael McConnell: Thank you. Just regarding DCG again. I think I recall in Q2, the weakness in enterprise was largely in China. Just in that bucket, are you starting to see the weakness spread out into different geographic regions, or is this still mostly isolated in China, relative to your original expectations?
Brian Krzanich: Yes. I think we said in Q2 that it was more pronounced in China, but it was general across the enterprise, and that is consistent with what we see now. I just want to come back to what Brian said earlier, the overall enterprise segment is weak, and when you look at it, that correlates very closely for us over time with GDP growth rates, and the GDP growth rates are quite a bit less than we thought, when we started the year. We are offsetting much of that -- in fact, we are offsetting most of that, by a cloud growth rate that's significantly more than we thought when we started the year. So general macroeconomic weakness, it’s pronounced in China, but we see it elsewhere in the enterprise segment, being offset by, I'd say torrid growth rates and cloud computing, and we will share more of that when we get to November.
Michael McConnell: Okay, great. And then just my final follow-up would be, just relative to PC end demand, as far as you can tell the early part of this quarter, obviously we will get more signals here over the next month or so. What are you seeing right now with the end demand side, not necessarily the channel inventory ups and downs?
Brian Krzanich: We can't give you – we aren’t going to talk about the current quarter in this call.
Stacy Smith: I would just say, everything that we knew as of one o'clock this afternoon is reflected in our forecast.
Michael McConnell: Great. Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Thank you.
Mark Henninger: All right. Thank you all for joining us today. Amanda, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Henninger, head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thank you, Nicole, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risk and uncertainty. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. With that, let me turn it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark. Our second quarter results were consistent with our outlook as a year-over-year decline in the PC business was partially offset by 10% growth in our Data Center business, more than 40% growth in NAND revenue, and 4% growth in our IoT segment. I'll take just a moment to review our results before discussing the rest of the year, the Altera acquisition, and a process and product technology update too. During this quarter, we qualified our sixth generation Core products, previously code named Skylake for production, and we continue to see excitement in the industry for the launch of these products and Windows 10. And while there were year-over-year declines in desktop and notebook volume, we saw record Core desktop mix due to growth in the high-end segment and record Core i7 mix overall for the PC business. We're excited about the opportunities created by new products from our OEM partners and the upcoming launch of Windows 10. We worked closely with Microsoft to make sure the best Windows 10 PC and tablet experience run on Intel. We have also updated our mobile roadmap. Our OEMs' first Atom x3, x5, and x7 products were announced and are ramping using our previously code named Cherry Trail SoFIA 3G and SoFIA 3G-R products. The 4G version of our Atom x3 platform, SoFIA LTE, is sampling now for network certification, and is expected to ship in volume in the first half of next year. Our latest LTE modem, the CAT-10 7360, is on track for shipments to customers this year. The Data Center business continued to perform, growing 10% over Q2 last year, and we remain on track to grow this business by more than 15% year over year. Again, this quarter we saw the growth of consumer services fueling the build-out of the cloud. We also saw very strong growth in network infrastructure with the continuing migration of workloads onto Intel architecture and the rise of network function virtualization. These areas of strength were partially offset by weakness in the Enterprise segment. While our overall billings roughly matched our forecast, PC supply chain inventories declined at a slower rate than we expected, as PC demand weakened further. While we are expecting a seasonal second half, we're now forecasting total revenue to decline by about 1% for the full year, down from our prior expectation of approximately flat. I'd like to shift gears now and talk about a couple of important strategic updates. Last month, we announced our plan to acquire Altera, a leading FPGA vendor. We see four key strategic drivers behind this acquisition. First, we believe we can enhance Altera's base FPGA ARM-based business substantially. We plan to do this through our leadership in Moore's Law and our ability to execute designs using our tools and silicon more quickly, allowing us to continue to support and develop their ARM-based products. Second, history tells us that the FPGA vendor who is first to a manufacturing process node enjoys a market segment share advantage over the life of that node. Finally, integrating Altera's world-class technology with Intel architecture in the high-growth data center and Internet of Things market segments will create new product categories and capabilities. We expect this strategy to produce significant shareholder value, and we're looking forward to implementing our plans. We plan to have a deeper discussion on the value drivers underlying this strategy at our investor meeting this fall. The last thing I'd like to share with you is an update related to our 10-nanometer technology transition. Just last quarter we celebrated the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law. In 1965, when Gordon's paper was first published, he predicted a doubling of transistor density every year for at least the next 10 years. His prediction proved to be right. And in fact, in 1975, looking ahead to the next 10 years, he updated his estimate to a doubling every 24 months. These transitions are a natural part of the history of Moore's Law and are a by-product of the technical challenges of shrinking transistors while ensuring they can be manufactured in high volume. As node transitions lengthened, we adapted our approach to the Tick-Tock method, which gave us a second product on each node. This strategy created better products for our customers and a competitive advantage for Intel. It also disproved the death of Moore's Law predictions many times over. The last two technology transitions have signaled that our cadence today is closer to 2.5 years than two. To address this cadence, in the second half of 2016 we plan to introduce a third 14-nanometer product, code named Kaby Lake, built on the foundations of the Skylake micro-architecture but with key performance enhancements. Then in the second half of 2017, we expect to launch our first 10-nanometer product, code named Cannonlake. We expect that this addition to the roadmap will deliver new features and improved performance and pave the way for a smooth transition to 10-nanometers. As we move forward, we are focused on innovation and execution. We continue to be confident in our strategy to drive growth. And with that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Brian. Revenue for the second quarter was $13.2 billion, in line with our outlook and down 5% year on year, as a result of lower desktop and notebook platform volume. This was partially offset by increases in the Data Center Group and NAND. Quarter on quarter, revenue was up 3%. Second quarter gross margin of 62.5% was 0.5 point above our outlook. Operating income of $2.9 billion was down 25% year over year and up 11% quarter over quarter. Net income was $2.7 billion, down 3% year over year. Earnings per share of $0.55 was flat year over year. The Client Computing group had revenue of $7.5 billion, a 14% decrease year over year. Both desktop and notebook unit volumes were down as a result of lower demand in the business segment and in emerging markets. In terms of the worldwide PC supply chain, we saw a slight decline of inventory levels quarter over quarter and believe that overall inventory levels are normal. Our own inventory declined in units but grew in dollars, as we refreshed inventory levels with 14-nanometer products. Tablet unit volumes were 9.9 million units, up 11% year over year. We are on track to our annual goal of improving mobile profitability by $800 million, with about a third of the improvement realized to date. Operating profit for the overall Client Computing group was $1.6 billion, down 38% year over year. Our business portfolio continues to transform. We're growing the Data Center, Internet of Things, and NAND business, which accounted for almost 40% of our revenue and more than 70% of the company's overall operating profit in the second quarter. The Data Center Group had revenue of $3.9 billion, 10% growth year over year, driven by very strong results in cloud and networking infrastructure. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $1.8 billion, flat year over year. Additionally, year over year, the Internet of Things segment achieved revenue growth of 4%, and the NAND business achieved record revenue and grew at over 40%. The business continued to generate significant cash, with $3.4 billion of cash from operations in the second quarter. We purchased $1.8 billion in capital assets, paid $1.1 billion in dividends, and repurchased about $700 million of stock in the second quarter. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was $13.9 billion, flat to the first quarter. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt and inclusive of our other longer-term investments, is approximately $4 billion. Over the next two to three quarters, we expect to complete the acquisition of Altera for $16.7 billion. The financing plan for this acquisition is to issue $7 billion to $9 billion in new long-term debt and finance the remaining balance with our cash and short-term commercial paper. As we generate free cash flow, we expect to get back to approximately zero net cash in the second half of 2016. As we look forward to the third quarter of 2015, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $14.3 billion, up 8% from the second quarter. This forecast is at the higher-end range of the average seasonal increase for the third quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 63%, a 0.5 point increase from the second quarter. Turning to the full year 2015, we expect revenue to be down approximately 1% from 2014, lower than our prior guidance of approximately flat. Our expectations are that the PC market is going be weaker than previously expected. We continue to forecast robust growth rates in the Data Center Group, Internet of Things Group, and NAND businesses, which we expect to mostly offset the PC decline. We are forecasting the midpoint of capital spending at $7.7 billion, down $1 billion from the prior outlook. This is driven primarily by manufacturing efficiencies and changes in timing for purchases. We are forecasting the midpoint of our gross margin range at 61.5%, up 0.5 point from our prior guidance. And we are forecasting the midpoint of R&D and MG&A spending for the year at $19.8 billion, up $100 million from the prior outlook. The second quarter financials came in a little better than our expectations. As we look at the second half, we expect seasonal market growth from here, and we are very excited about the devices based on Skylake, our sixth-generation Core processor, that are coming to market. Additionally, we expect continued robust growth in the Data Center, Internet of Things, and NAND business. And lastly, we are working to complete the acquisition of Altera. This acquisition will broaden our product portfolio, enable innovation in our current product line, and deliver value for our shareholders. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Okay, thank you, Brian and Stacy. Moving on to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and a follow-up if you have one. Nicole, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Brian, I'm trying to reconcile your concern about the PC market with the seasonal guidance that you're giving for the back half. So for instance, you're guiding up 8% for Q3 and implied it's up 5% for Q4. How much benefit are you expecting from Windows 10, because I think there is very limited conviction whether that would indeed be a growth driver for PC? So I'm just trying to reconcile your caution with just seasonal guidance. Are you being adequately conservative with your second half guidance?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Vivek. We think we – remember, this is seasonal off Q2, which was down. So this is off a forecasted and actual Q2 that was down from our original assumptions for this year. And so we believe that yes, a seasonal forecast off that, roughly seasonal, is a reasonable forecast for the remainder of this year. You also saw in the announcement that Stacy and I took down our overall revenue guidance a bit as well to be in line with all of that, the seasonal guidance off a lowered Q2. I don't know, Stacy, if you have something else you want to add.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll just piggyback, Vivek, to the commentary on the last call. If you remember, our prediction for Q2 was that inventory levels would be taken down fairly significantly, which is unusual in a Q2. What we actually saw in the second quarter is inventory levels did come down but they're kind of at normal. And so what you're seeing now in Q3 is a little bit of a pipeline fill based on inventory levels that came down in Q2 against the backdrop of Q2s that normally would have inventory levels going up. So it's the same phenomenon of some shift of billings from Q2 to Q3. It's just much more muted than what we thought a quarter ago.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: But we didn't base that or we didn't base any of the forecast in the second half off an upside from Win 10 launch. We're excited about Win 10 launch and Skylake. We believe great products are coming to market, but we didn't build in a large increase. That's why we stuck with the seasonal off the lowered Q2.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're getting a lot out on your one question. I'd also say if you zoom out, our view of the PC market now is down in the high single digits. And our view a quarter ago was a PC market that was down in the more mid-single digits. So we've definitely brought down our expectations of the PC market overall for the year, but you're still seeing a little bit of that inventory lumpiness.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, very helpful. And then as my follow-up on the Data Center business, I understand it's lumpy and there are many moving pieces. But you're still expecting mid-teens growth for the year but in Q2 it slowed down to 10%. And I think you mentioned enterprise as one area of weakness. So are you anticipating a recovery there in the back half, and are you seeing any impact with all the macro headwinds in Europe and China for instance?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So if you take a look at the Data Center and you take a look at the first half, remember, we exited Q1 at about 19% growth. And we said hey, that's pretty robust. Don't expect that for the whole year. You take that 19% and combine it with this 10%, the first half actually played out right close to between 14% and 15%, which was what we've said would be roughly our growth rate in this business. We did say that enterprise was weaker than we had forecasted, but the cloud has been stronger. We've taken that cloud – actually cloud, networking, and some storage as well, all three of those have been stronger and enterprise weaker. We took that same model and carried that through the rest of the year. So we do not expect a large recovery of the enterprise as we go through the remainder of this year. You said it. The headwinds are the macroeconomic, companies looking at how do they spend their capital and when do they deploy their capital, being careful about that. All those things are causing enterprise to be a bit weaker, and we didn't say there would be a big recovery of that. We do think the other trends, the cloud continuing to grow, networking continuing to grow, especially with the conversion, software-defined infrastructure, and storage continuing to grow. We do believe those will continue, and that's what drives the second half as well.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you so much. First question, Stacy, for the first time now you're moving to a Tick-Tock-Tock model. So I'm wondering if you can talk about what the CapEx implications are for that, and maybe also what the gross margin implications are for maybe the back half of this year and into next year. Thanks.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, a lot in that question, so let me take a shot and you can come back if I don't appropriately or adequately answer all of it. The CapEx implications, so we've taking down our CapEx forecast again this cycle relatively significantly from where we were at the beginning of the year. If you go back to the beginning of the year, what you see in terms of the reduction in CapEx, it's been – I'll call it four buckets. There's a big piece that's just factory efficiency. We talked about this last quarter. The 14-nanometer factories are becoming more efficient. Our confidence in that ramp has gone up, so that was a chunk of it. We talked last quarter about taking advantage of some of the unit weakness that we saw to bring down the capacity in our 22-nanometer factories. And we successfully executed on that in the second quarter. We took the utilization down. We took a bunch of capacity offline. We rolled it forward to 14-nanometers, so that was a chunk of what we're seeing. We talked a bit about desktop units being lower as a result of the XP refresh last year. That's a piece. And then there's a big chunk associated with this third wave of products that Brian talked about. And so just isolating then on that, the implications in this generation are that we'll be at the 14-nanometer peak for longer, and we'll delay a little bit some of the purchases on 10-nanometer from when we were on a two-year cadence. And so that is definitely a piece of the lower CapEx this year. In terms of the gross margin implications, minor; for us the key is to have great products, and that's why we're adding in this third wave of products. At the first approximation, that's the best correlation of gross margin is when you've got leadership products, you tend to have a healthy gross margin. It does change the shape of startup costs a little bit, and you can see the 10-nanometer costs are a bit later than normal. But we'll talk more about that at the investor meeting in Q4.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. And then I guess just as a follow-up, is the push-out on 10-nanometer, can you give us just a little color in terms of what should be happening there? Is that simply the result of Broadwell having pushed out, or is there something specific to 10-nanometer that is causing it to push? Thanks.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I'd call it similar to what happened on 14-nanometer. Remember, on all of these technologies, each one has its own recipe of complexity and difficulty, 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer same thing that happened from 22-nanometer to 14-nanometer. The lithography is continuing to get more difficult as you try and scale and the number of multi-pattern steps you have to do is increasing. This is the longest period of time without a lithography node change. So we're assuming 10-nanometers does not have EUV [Extreme Ultra-Violet] for our technology; that combined with just the other material science changes you do with the new technology. And then you look at the pattern we've been having with the same kind of sets of conditions, which was the 22-nanometer technology and the 14-nanometer technology. And we said those took about 2.5 years. And the feedback from our customers that said, look, we really want you to be predictable. That's as important as getting to that leading edge. We chose to actually just go ahead and insert; since nothing else had changed, insert this third wave. When we go from 10-nanometer to 7-nanometer, it will be another set of parameters that we'll reevaluate this. We'll always strive to get back to two years. And we'll take a look at what's the maturity of EUV, what's the maturity of the material science changes that are occurring, what's the complexity of the product roadmap that we're adding, and make that adjustment out in the future here. So, we took a snapshot of the 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer transition. We looked at the history, and we said let's be very predictable and do the best thing for shareholders and for our partners and customers.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good afternoon, guys. Brian, maybe just to follow up on Tim's question around the Moore's Law cadence, one of the things that Intel has always done better than most is get down Moore's Law more quickly. And I understand there are definitional differences of line nodes and not everyone's 10-nanometers is the same. But relative to the targets you've put out this afternoon for second half of 2017, if you look at some of the publicly available data from some of your manufacturing competitors, it appears like everyone's going to get to 10-nanometers at the same time. So how do you guys think about that historic relative manufacturing lead relative to those peers, and how should we think about it?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think first, John, I'll just say, we believe, even with this 2017, our lead in Moore's Law will not change dramatically. We believe we'll continue to lead with roughly the same leadership position that we have today. We base that on, one, what really counts when I talk about 2017, that's not samples, that's not small volume. That's converting over to Cannonlake and producing a large percentage of our CPUs in volume in the second half of 2017. So there's a bit of definition. When we say second half of 2017 we're talking about millions of units and large volumes. And then as you said, there's this definitional difference, right. This will be now our third generation of FinFETs by then. It will have several other transistor enhancements. And we believe if you take a look at the scaling, it will be quite strong relative to the normal scaling parameters that occur with the Moore's Law transition. I'm not going give you the exact numbers right now. But we think if you combine all those together, our leadership position doesn't change, even with this date.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. And then, guys, going back to DCG, relative to the full-year guidance of growing at least 15% year over year, it does assume a reacceleration of year-over-year growth. I know it's a business where seasonality is less relevant than PCs, but it would suggest a second half that's growing half on half much more significantly than it historically has. And so I'm curious. Is the expectation enterprise comes back to bolster what's been strong, cloud, or how do you think about the growth profile of DCG in the back half of the year, if it needs to reaccelerate year over year?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, John. This is Stacy. So I think if you look at DCG, we've said for years it's lumpy. We've deconstructed what happened in Q1 and Q2. When you look across the quarters, we're growing 14% to 15%. That's pretty consistent with what we expect for the year. So I think you'll come up with a number that's pretty consistent with that in the back half of the year. As we zoom out a bit on the market, from what we thought when we started the year, as Brian said, we'd say that we're seeing an enterprise market that's weaker than expected. We're not expecting a lot of incremental strength there. It's more macroeconomic driven than anything else, and we're not predicting a big macroeconomic boom in the back half. But that's being offset by a cloud market primarily, but also networking and storage that is stronger than what we expected. And we saw some spectacular growth rates in networking – in the cloud segment of the business this quarter.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The only thing I would add to that, John, is the same dynamic that causes the enterprise to be a little bit weaker, those macroeconomics, drives businesses and organizations to move their workloads to the cloud. What I'm seeing is there's a little bit of a counteract between those two, which is why we've said no, we believe that overall the year will be – on balance, still grow at that 15%. But again, we are looking over the long haul. Don't get caught by a quarter in this kind of a growth rate.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. So you said that your PC forecast has gone down from I guess 5% to down high single digits. One question on that is, on your inventory, have you adjusted your inventory to I guess increase the server products and decrease some of the PC processors? And can you give us a sense of where you expect inventory to trend in the second half of the year?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. It's less driven by server and more driven by the mix of Skylake on 14-nanometer. And so what happened in Q2 is that, as you can see, dollars went up but units were down, and actually down a bit more than we had expected when we started the quarter. But the mix of the units that are in inventory have shifted from 22-nanometer products to 14-nanometer. And within 14-nanometer, we're starting to see the shift from Broadwell to Skylake. And so it's a more expensive product because it's brand new. It's also the newest product, which gives me a lot of comfort about what's sitting in inventory. As we play out through the rest of the year, what we expect to happen is that units will continue to come down from here. 14-nanometer comes down the cost curve, but the inventory shifts even more dramatically from Broadwell to Skylake. And so when I take those three trends into account, I'm predicting that we'll end the year with inventory levels roughly flat to where we are today, not dramatically different. But again, units will be down, dollars will be flat.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, and for my follow-up, just I guess a longer-term question on the PC market. You guys are closer to it than anybody. Why do you think it's so weak this year? Do you think that – should we be expecting down 5% to 10% every year? Is there something going on? Has your long-term outlook on the PC market changed? Any color you could provide as to why this is happening would be very helpful.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. If I had a perfect mirror into this, this wouldn't be a forecast. It would be a guaranteed schedule of earnings for the next couple of quarters. In general, I think if you look at it, the PC has always had a fairly decent tie to GDP, both for the countries that we sell in. but then I think if you just look at the worldwide GDP, so worldwide GDP growth has slowed, especially in areas like China, where a lot of growth in PCs was occurring. But even in the mature areas like the U.S. and Western Europe, that has caused it to slow down a bit more. I think there has been a little bit of a stall. There's always a little bit of a stall right before a new product like Skylake. But when you have a new product like Skylake combined with a new OS like Win 10, which the majority of these devices will run on, that tends to have people waiting to see what those products are going to be. What's going be offered, the new form factors? How is Windows 10 accepted? So I think you put all these together, it's made a bit – 2015 be weaker on the PC than we had anticipated. Long term, I still think it's a great form factors we have coming, we're going to be talking about all-day battery lives, no wires. We've got some great thin form factors. The fact that there's very little difference between a two-in-one device and a tablet and the ability to take back that volume onto the PC, all those things put together, I still stick with the forecast that we can keep this stable, that it will be over the long haul relatively flat. There will be years like last year that it's up. There will be years like this year that will be down, depending on all of those factors, but over the long haul, relatively flat forecast.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Remember, that's how we built our growth strategy. Our growth strategy was hold the PC as close to flat as we can and growing the Data Center, growing IoT, growing NAND and memory. And you heard from Stacy's report, the amount of earnings and income that's coming now from those segments is quite significant and growing faster and faster as they get bigger.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on the outlook into the second half. Windows 10, they're talking about giving it away to the consumer. Obviously, enterprises always adopt new platforms later. So just curious of your thoughts this time where you have the software given away for free. What are your thoughts in terms of that impacting the consumer demand?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you talk about that, first let's just talk about our forecast, our basic forecast. Remember, we said it's basically seasonal off the lowered Q2. We didn't build in a big boom from the Windows 10 transition. That said, we are excited about it. You're right. It has a free upgrade. But a lot of the really good features of Windows 10, things like Windows 10 Hello, where you have facial log-in and you don't have to use all your passwords, the start screen and your ability to go through that, the touch usages of gaming as they move games more and more onto this product, those are going to come with PCs that have the latest features. And so that combined with products like Skylake, over the long haul, I think Windows 10 will be a boost for the PC market. It will take some of the negativity about Windows 8 out of that marketplace, and I think it will be a real positive for us. As you said, some people will have to go through a free upgrade and then see what they really wanted and see the new form factors and go okay, I'm going to upgrade. Some of the enterprise guys will take a little bit longer because enterprises always have to check everything they've got on the new OS. And that's why we didn't really build it into the forecast as a big plus for the second half of this year. I think if you look long term, it's going be a positive.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, and then just, Stacy, a follow-up on a prior gross margin question. You typically get a benefit in the second year of a process node. You said the third year you don't get much benefit. Is that because you've gotten the yields pretty maxed out in the second year, or are you adding more content? What are your thoughts on why you don't get another little bit of a boost on a third year?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I didn't mean to say that I don't get a benefit on the third year of a process technology. I haven't provided a forecast yet for next year, but I would expect that a third-wave product coming out on 14-nanometers will have a good cost structure. You have a very healthy process running at high utilization. That tends to be the sweet spot. If you look at 22-nanometer, you've seen that phenomenon, not because we had a third wave, but just because the process was running full relatively – on a relatively mature process. And in fact, we got great costs out of it. So my comment was about startup costs. It does change the trend of startup costs, and I'll provide more insight into that at the investor meeting in the fourth quarter.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys, a quick question on the formerly-called PCG side of things. It sounds like the inventory in the channel didn't burn as much as you thought. Are you building in that it bounces back just to normal levels? I would think that your sequentials would be impacted off of a relatively higher base, given that that didn't burn down in the second quarter. So put that all together, how does the lack of that burn in the second quarter fall into your guidance for the third?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Remember last quarter what we were expecting was a substantial burn of inventory. And the way we articulated that, our belief was that customers would burn off inventory levels in advance of Windows 10 and then replenish inventory levels in the third quarter. What we actually saw was much more normal than that. We saw customers maintain inventory levels. I think their confidence in the overall PC market grew some as they worked through the quarter and got towards the end of the quarter. So I had articulated we have relatively normal inventory levels now. We expect relatively normal inventory levels in the third quarter. Historically, you see inventory build some in the third quarter in anticipation of the Q4 selling season.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess as my follow-on, a bit of a longer-term question. It's on the OpEx side of things. Clearly, OpEx to revenue will come down closer to your target in the back half of this year if you guys hit the forecast that you laid out. But you're still well above the 30% OpEx to revenue targets you have. What's the plan to get there? Last year was better than expected on revenues and you didn't really get much leverage on that metric. This year has obviously been a little bit worse, so it's a bit more challenging. Is there ever the need to do something more structural, or is it only going to be grow to get to the target?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it has to be growth. Structural would mean starting to lower our investments in things like the Data Center or IoT, and I really think that would be the wrong thing to do to keep this company growing. I think we have to get this by the growth metric. And our models say if we can stabilize the PC and continue to grow at our forecasted numbers for the Data Center and IoT and NAND, we get there. And we have a plan to not grow our spending while that growth occurs, or grow the revenue faster. And we just need to get that and execute to that.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Susquehanna Financial. Your line is now open.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just first question to clarify going back to something you said with regard to the revenue expectations for the year, the change in your expectations from last quarter, the 1% change, was that entirely due to your comments on the PC channel, the PC segment, and the DCG expectations are essentially unchanged? Is that the right way to think about that?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, entirely is a word that makes me nervous, but it's the vast majority of the change. I guess I'd also say it's a much smaller business, but I'd also say our expectations on the year have come down for the IoTG business, but that's not adding up to a big number at the corporate level. Some of the issues that Brian talked about, macroeconomics and the sectors in which we play, I think we're unlikely to be at the growth rate that we were at last year. We'll be a little bit less than the prior year (38:38). But again, the big dollars are the PC TAM. Our expectations last quarter were down mid-single digits. We're now down high single digits. That puts us in the low end of what we see from third parties, although in fairness they're revising their forecasts over the next quarter.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay, great. As a follow-up, with regards to mobile, you had a goal to reduce your mobile operating losses this year. Your comments on SoFIA LTE, I think that's a little later than what you had indicated earlier. Does that have any effect on your ability to reduce the mobile operating losses? And maybe just give us a general indication of where you stand against those goals.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not at all. So SoFIA, as you said, it's a little bit later than what we wanted. The good news is it's out. It's yielding well. It's, as we said, in carrier validation. And it will ship in volume in the first half of next year. As far as the spending reduction targets we had for mobile, we've said we'd get $800 million out. I think Stacy in his part of the presentation stated we're right on target actually to do that. We're very happy with our results there and have already done about a third of it out of the system. It was back-end loaded as the SoFIA 3G, not LTE, products ramped. So we feel like we have a very good detailed plan to go and continue. And we'll at the investor meeting update you on how we'll continue that program to reduce the costs and the losses again next year as well. And really that's part of – the SoFIA LTE is a good example. We weren't going to go spend the money to necessarily try and pull that product back in versus say, you know what, it's fine in the first half of the year and the product is healthy. It's more important that we get an LTE product for 2016. And getting it in early in 2016 is going to be just fine.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great, thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ian Ing of MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes, thanks. I'm looking for some color on this strength in memory. It looks like NAND is up 40% year over year. Working with Micron, it seems the offerings are actually relatively stale. So I was just wondering if migration to TLC and 3D NAND is going benefit you or if that doesn't really affect enterprise.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Maybe I'm not quite understanding your question, but our conversion to 3D NAND we believe is a major boost to our product roadmap, both in a performance standpoint and a cost. And remember, we believe we have an architectural advantage to how we've built with Micron our 3D NAND over the competition. And we believe that as those products ramp into the second half and into next year, the performance and cost advantage of 3D NAND will be quite visible. So we're full go on that.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yeah, so...
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In terms of the Q2 results, Ian, I think what you're seeing is the positioning of our products in enterprise and compute, those markets were relatively strong. In particular, we saw strength in cloud-based NAND, and we saw some strength in China based on some specific design wins that we had there.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Great. And then for a follow-up, your full-year gross margin guidance does imply a falloff in Q4. You're attributing it to a 14-nanometer ramp. Should we see that as a transient issue, or does that get more normalized in the future after that?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, in Q4, what I would attribute it to is 10-nanometer startup costs, not 14-nanometer. The costs on 14-nanometer are coming down nicely over the course of the year. What happened specifically in Q4 is we started to see the steep part of the curve on 10-nanometer startup costs.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay, so that's very transient or that's more prolonged into next year? I know you can't guide that far, but...
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'd say it's cyclical. You've seen these cycles from us every two years. As we start up a new process technology, you get a couple of quarters where the gross margin has a significant portion of startup costs in it, and then it starts getting better from there.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. I wanted to understand; you've described Q3 and Q4 as roughly seasonal. But if I look at it, your average Q3 the last two years has been up 5% and you're guiding up 8%. The average Q4 has been up a little less than 1%, and the implied is up 5%. So what is the delta there that fits the overall number? That looks like a little bit better than at least your last few years' seasonality.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So versus – let's just talk about Q3. Q3 acknowledged that the revenue's at the higher end of the seasonal range. The point we were making earlier is we think the market is pretty seasonal, but we saw an unusual inventory depletion in Q2. We think some of that inventory fill has just shifted into Q3. So there's a little bit of a billing shift. It's not a lot. It's maybe a couple of points at the top line. Q4, I think you have to be a little careful with the math about implied. I think if you just assume – we've said on the call we're expecting Q4 to be roughly seasonal. And I think if you plug that in, you're still rounding to the number that I gave you for the year.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, okay. Great, thank you for that. And then with regards to the savings on the wireless side, with SoFIA late, it seems like you would have less of the subsidies rolling off. So can you talk about what are the sources of the $800 million savings, how much of that is lower subsidies versus other potential cost savings in that segment?
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Remember that the SoFIA that has been shipping since the first half of the year is the SoFIA 3G. That was the vast majority of the improvement in margin dollars and contra-revenue dollars. That product was right on time. In fact, I think we said it was even a little bit early in high volume as we go into the back half. The shift that Brian was talking about is the SoFIA LTE version. There was almost no volume this year, and it will be in the market first half next year.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy at Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. Just to be clear, when will SoFIA come in house for manufacturing?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's different than the LTE version that we're talking about. So the LTE version that we've been talking about in this call is one that's still manufactured outside. And we said that will be the first half. The target for the LTE on the inside or Intel 14-nanometer is the back half of the year.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And can you say how some of your relationships with the Chinese manufacturers have worked out? Are there significant design wins? Are you getting good traction?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: One of the products that we listed that's ramping this year and has been going quite well is the SoFIA 3G-R. R stands for Rockchip. So that's a part that was co-designed between Intel and Rockchip. So that part is in market selling today, and so I'd say that that portion of the Chinese relationships has gone quite well and is quite far along now. The other relationship that we have in this space is with Spreadtrum. That deal is still going through closure. It had to go through a variety of regulatory approvals in China. It's looking to close fairly soon now. But the engineering teams have already started to engage and look at product roadmaps and start to build product roadmaps together. So that relationship is going quite well. It's just not nearly as far along.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Kevin. And, operator, we'll go ahead and take two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, in the move to Tick-Tock-Tock, I'm curious what the implications are for your long-term CapEx run rate, and then how we should think about the implications to free cash flow.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm going to punt on that one, C.J., until the investor meeting and we'll talk a bit more. And one of the reasons that's hard is, as Brian talked about, each one of these process technology transitions has its own personality. At 7-nanometer, we're trying to bring in EUV. Depending on the health of that, we could be at two years, we could be at 2.5 years, and that will change this answer. So we'll give more insight into this in the Q4 investor meeting.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: So are we...
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The CapEx and free cash flow are directly linked.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: So is this a temporary phenomenon, or is this – you're just not sure?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's we're not sure. It's a good forecast for this year. We've told you what's going to happen at 10-nanometers with 2017. So you can now model out – that's part of why we wanted to get this out to everybody today. You can now model out what the typical CapEx would be given that schedule, based on previous node transitions. But what we're saying is don't necessarily count on that for 10-nanometers to 7-nanometers. We'll again take a look at the tool set that's available, the maturity of those tools, the maturity of the material science additions that we'll be doing, what's the next around FinFET transistors and other kinds of materials that we'll put into the transistor or the die itself. And when you take a look at all those, we'll be trying to pull it into two years, but we really won't know. And we won't be able to give a signal to that until, my guess, late next year at the earliest.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Sure.
Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And just as I think about this and simplify it in my head, the way I think about it is if a process node were on a two-year cadence, two waves of products is the thing that delivers the best value to the customers and then we quickly get to the next node. When the process node transition shifts out to be longer than that, then that third wave of products gives us another opportunity to deliver features to the customer. And so the uncertainty you're hearing isn't whether this is a good model or not. The uncertainty is 7-nanometer, there's still enough open questions that we don't know exactly the cadence.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, C.J.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. The first half was marked by weakness in desktop, primarily lackluster demand pull from the SMB market. Is some of the strength in the second half predicated on some of this SMB desktop demand coming back, or is it going be mostly consumer driven?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't usually forecast to that level forward looking. But I would tell you in general we don't see the market shifting dramatically from the first half to the second half. So I don't think there's going be a huge resurgence of SMB in the desktop. There are some good products coming out on Skylake in the desktop space, but that's not necessarily something we forecasted as a big return for right now. So the majority of this seasonality that we've projected is based on just standard consumer, which as you said, has got a higher percentage of laptop, two-in-one, thin and light devices.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for that insight. And then back to the flash business, obviously another solid quarter of growth. I think you guys are number one in enterprise SSD with about 25% market share. I just wanted to confirm that the team is still on track to roll out 3D NAND-based platforms in the second half of the year. And then secondarily, how do the cost per bit yield and reliability metrics look relative to your planar-based 2D NAND products?
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So absolutely I can tell you that we're on schedule to ramp the products in the second half. 3D NAND is looking quite good. From a cost, yield, and performance, I don't think we've gone public with much of those numbers right now. But what we have said is that 3D NAND, especially with the architectural choices that Micron and Intel chose, we believe gives a significant cost and performance advantage over their competitors, and those specifics are holding as we go through the ramp process. So we haven't broken down it's X% or anything like that yet.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate it. Okay, thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We'll be doing NAND updates as we go through the back half of this year and give you guys more color in that space. Clearly, at the investor meeting that Stacy talked about, we'll spend some time on NAND because, as you said, it's a good growth area for the company right now.
Mark H. Henninger - Vice President-Finance & Director-IR: Thanks, Harlan. All right, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Nicole, if you would, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President Ronald Pasek - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance John Daane - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse James Covello - Goldman Sachs Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Danely - Citigroup Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Alex Gauna - JMP Securities Deepon Nag - Macquarie Anil Doradla - William Blair & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by, we’re about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Altera Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Scott Wylie. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera’s website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera’s Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, and use code 258712. During today’s prepared remarks, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. After Ron and John’s initial remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. We are aware of recent M&A rumors in the press. Altera has a long-standing policy to not comment on market rumors and therefore we ask that you refrain from asking related questions today, since we will not be able to respond. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald Pasek: Thank you, Scott. The first quarter proved to be more challenging than we expected with revenue decreasing 9% sequentially. With respect to gross margin several of our higher than average gross margin vertical markets underperformed versus our forecasted expectations. Industrial, test, compute and storage, and to a lesser extent military, fell short of our forecast. Additionally, within wireless our business was more pronounced in radio and less in baseband. Operating expense was below guidance due to mask and wafer timing, and some favorable foreign exchange. In addition, favorable discrete tax items reduced our tax rate in the quarter. The combined under-spend in operating expense and a lower tax rate allowed us essentially to meet our EPS guidance. We repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares in the quarter and we have $134 million left to complete the share repurchase that we previously announced in Q4 2013. Given the softness in Q1, for Q2 we are being cautious with our guidance of down 4% to 8%. Our telecom and wireless business, and particularly our wireless business globally looks to be quite weak in second quarter, while the rest for our business will in aggregate be flat to slightly up. We expect favorable vertical market mix in industrial, military, broadcast, and compute and storage, and as a result our forecasting a gross margin rebound into the 66.5% to 67.5% range. Consistent with my comments last quarter, our gross margin should continue to increase through the year, which will allow us to achieve the lower-end of the planned gross margin rate. At this point, we do see sequential growth returning in Q3 2015. In addition, assuming the dollar stays strong globally, we have $10 million to $13 million of foreign-exchange favorability to the $760 million operating expense plan. Finally, we did not complete or expect to buy-back in Q1 and we don’t know when we’ll be able to finish the remainder of the repurchase, which was expected to be completed by the end of Q2. Now, let me turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you, Ron. We are in the midst of an unfortunate perfect storm in the wireless industry, where capital equipment delays from carriers in China, Japan, the US, and some developing countries are causing temporary decline in our wireless business in Q1 and Q2. Based on customer forecasts we expect the business to bottom in Q2 and grow through the back-half of the year. For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be down 4% to 8% sequentially, again caused by delays in carrier spending. However, we expect strong growth in the computer server acceleration market and also double-digit sequential growth in our industrial IOT market. Despite the near-term revenue volatility, the long-term secular opportunity for FPGAs remains compelling. IoT, cloud computing, and big data analytics are providing new growth engines for the PLD industry. Because FPGAs are well-suited to manage motors, actuators, and cameras, our opportunity pipeline has significantly expanded not only for traditional industrial manufacturing equipment, but also for IoT systems and applications including security cameras with built-in analytics, smart grid, manufacturing process control and monitoring, robotics, and drones to name a few. The transfer of data from IoT sensors and devices to the cloud for processing will continue to fuel investments in the communications infrastructure where PLDs already have great success. And in the cloud, FPGAs are now being adopted in servers for acceleration as has been announced by our customers including Microsoft and IBM among others. In Microsoft’s case they were able to speed Bing search by 95% using our FPGAs, while also reducing the number of servers required by roughly one-half. Microsoft has moved on to announce performance gains using our FPGAs for many other applications as well. In summary, while we are disappointed with the near-term impact from the wireless industry on our business, we remain confident in the growth of the PLD industry through applications including IoT, automotive, communications and server acceleration. We are also confident in our ability to drive solid EPS growth given the significant operating leverage in our model. Now, let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time, so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and pull for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir, Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go ahead and take our first question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. I guess the question 99% of people asking you won’t be able to answer. So I’ll focus on a couple of other things. You had said that you would make the 10-nanometer decision by the end of the first quarter. Is there any update for us on that?
John Daane: Yeah, Joe, 10-nanometer I did say we would make a decision by the end of this quarter, or excuse me, in the end of Q1. We have not. It’s a complex decision. Maybe I should just kind of walk through some of the complexity behind it so you understand where we are. Traditionally Altera has had very few manufacturing partners, and we have had deep partnerships with those companies. And that has afforded us I think a lot of value. When we looked at other foundries outside of TSMC, that have been our long partner, of course we wanted to preserve a lot of the benefits that we had seen through the TSMC agreement. So there are three basic factors that I would say we evaluate when we select a foundry partner. One is the technology roadmap obviously, did they have the technology capabilities that we need and will they make some customization of that. Number two, the service and support, very critical for what we need. And then the third item, of course, is the commercial terms, which includes pricing and yield. In general I would say, we’re very comfortable with the technology roadmaps of both Intel and TSMC. And then on the service and support side, I would say as a pure-play foundry and obviously again as a longtime partner we’re very comfortable with TSMC’s service and support. Intel, since they are new to being a pure-play foundry or new to the foundry industry in general, we decided to negotiate a contract to put in a lot of the important elements into the contract to make sure that we got things that we needed. And we ended up I think publishing that contract online in April of 2013. And that includes, just again to kind of go back over to a couple different items that we talked about in the past. One is we manufacture for longer than normal companies, because of some of our customers a very long tails like industrial, military, and to some extent telecom, and so Intel agreed to 12 year manufacturing. We want to make sure that we get the focus and support from the foundry which we’ve always traditionally gotten. Therefore, we do not want to compete with our foundry and we agreed that Intel would not invest in, develop their own product line or buy a PLD company or buy another PLD company. We agreed in that contract that as an example that we would be the only major FPGA company to have access to 14-nanometer. So there were a lot of things that we’ve done that make us now feel very comfortable about the service and support elements of Intel. And then the third gets down to again the commercial side and I would say that has become a little bit more complex recently. And so we’re spending a little bit more time to review that and make sure that we make the right decision. So we haven’t made the vendor selection yet, for 10 still open and still having discussions.
Joe Moore: Okay. And if I could just follow up on that, when you say the commercial side, I guess, what specifically is the complication there or the issue that still needs to be hashed out?
John Daane: Commercial gets down into pricing and yield. Yield is an easy function in terms of yield projections that you get from the foundries; pricing and other commercial terms of the areas that are still under discussion, Joe.
Joe Moore: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: Thank you. I have - I didn’t expect to come here so early a bit. My question, John, is on the datacenter side or the acceleration market. When you say that with Microsoft deploying in their Bing search your FPGAs, they are able to reduce the number of servers in half. What is the total upfront cost relative to the solution that you’re displacing.
John Daane: I think that the feedback that we’ve had is that our solution is much more cost-effective than GPUs, both because the total solution of the FPGA is lower from a cost of component plus heat-sink, also the power is an order of magnitude lower. And as you know Hans the power is the number one spend in a datacenter. Compared to a processor what we’ve heard is pricing is similar and again the advantage of using the FPGA is it will accelerate mathematics algorithms. Microsoft has put out all this data and I think continues to put out a lot of data on the value of FPGAs beyond search. So they looked at many other areas and many other applications within their company. IBM has also put out some similar statistics where they’ve - for their POWER8 series using our FPGAs and announced that for many applications it reduces the number of servers required as well.
Hans Mosesmann: Okay. Thanks and as a quick follow-up can you give us a sense of the investment in the compiler technology to get an FPGA to work practically in acceleration. How much time and effort or investment is required? Thanks.
John Daane: It took us several years of development to develop a compiler from OpenCL. It’s also an investment in hardware accelerator blocks that we developed for our library that customers can access and it will continue to be a very significant investment for us to open up the market. Now, it’s not just for a cloud or big data analytics. It also works for a series of other markets. We’ve seen that the military market and high-performance computing has been very interested in OpenCL as a compiler. We’ve also had other markets including medical and computer peripherals such as high-end printers. They’ve also been interested and are using OpenCL from us. So it was a technology originally we developed to access the server space, but is applicable to a broader market segment and where we broadly rolled that technology out.
Hans Mosesmann: Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Hans. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for letting me ask the question. John, just help me understand why you’re comfortable you’re going to see sequential growth in the September quarter, specifically in the telecom and wireless space. You’re down to sort of revenue levels, if I’m doing the math right in the June quarter that we haven’t seen since really the post-3G kind of fall off. And then, if you look at sort of this LTE cycle, which hasn’t been nearly as robust as a 3G cycle. So as you mentioned in your opening comments we’re kind of in the perfect storm. How do you think we got here? And why are you confident that Q3 will be a resumption of sequential growth.
John Daane: Okay, John, let me give some more color on wireless, because I think that’s the primary driver of this. As I mentioned, the slowdown that we see is across several geographies and it’s rare that we do see a slowdown across multiple major geographies. But certainly Japan, U.S. and now China are soft and each is a little bit different. And in Japan and China, we’ve seen some aggressive pricing rolled out because of competition and therefore we’ve seen some of the carriers adjust their CapEx budgets in order to improve their P&L. We have seen this phenomenon in the past, particularly out of Japan and what has happened is extended to be a 3 month to 6 month adjustment in terms of carrier spending before they start to return or resume to what was their normal life level. Additionally, in the United States the spectrum auctions that have been ongoing cause some of the carriers to limit capital in the short run, so that they could improve their cash positions to be able to pay for the spectrum. I think that will play through fairly quickly this year and we’ll see a return in the back-half of the year and probably both Japan and the U.S. More importantly to this is China. And I think if you look at China the explanation, I don’t think it’s well out there, but it’s pretty simple. That is a China has now, where it’s now going through an audit of their state-owned enterprises. So this has been something that’s been publicly released. And what we’re seeing as the carriers are going through this audit, they’re basically shutting down or severely limiting how much capital or how many orders that they put out for this given period of time. And so that’s what’s causing the very significant slowdown in China for 3G as well as 4G deployments, but predominantly 4G. Now in particular, we don’t think that this is going to last for a long period of time. China Unicom actually has already gone through their audit. Right now telecom and mobile are in their audit. And what we hear and what we expect both from our customers as well as in discussion with carriers is that they’re expecting calendar quarter Q3-Q4 that the business will pick back up as they have completed that audit phase. Importantly, this is not related to for us any design loss or any market share loss. It’s simply the way in deployments and again we expect to pick up in the back-half of the year. And I think you’re hearing similar announcements from other semiconductor companies. I think yesterday, Xilinx and the Texas Instruments for example said that they saw similar down ticks in the wireless industry in particular. Now unfortunately, wireless has proven to be volatile for the PLD industry and probably more particularly for Altera, because we have a larger business base in wireless and it’s a larger percentage of our company’s revenues, then the PLD and for that matter I think anybody else. And if you just go back in time, you can see the - so Scott pulled some data going back over the last six years looking at the last 24 quarters. And what you find is in the last 24 quarters 13 of them we either - our wireless business either went up or down sequentially more than 10%. And in eight of those quarters were one-third at that period of time it was up or down more than 20% sequentially. So we’ve seen the wireless volatility. Historically, it’s been tied to sometimes geographies turn on or turn off, sometimes it’s multiple geographies getting together. And again based on what we’re hearing from our customers as well as the operators, we do expect that this is temporary and the business is going to pick up starting significantly in the third calendar quarter.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful, John. Then quickly, it’s my follow up. Ron, I want to make sure I heard you correct on the gross margin line. Did you say that you expect to see continued sequential growth after the June quarter in gross margins and just given the mix shift back to wireless, which is usually a lower gross margin product? Is there other - what’s your takes on the gross margin line that can allow you to continue to rise throughout the year?
Ronald Pasek: Yeah, John, this is consistent with what I said on our December 10 call, when I laid out the plan then what we’d expect to see for gross margin through the year in our call last quarter as well. And there are other factors besides mix, mix is the dominant one, but there are other obviously elements to the cost side and the price side. So, yes, it should continue to increase throughout the year.
John Pitzer: Thank you. That’s helpful, guys. I appreciate it.
John Daane: Thank you very much, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Steve for Tristan. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on gross margin. What is the gross margin differential for you between 20-nanometer and 28-nanometer, and getting up back to a single architecture at the 20-nanometer?
John Daane: Honestly between nodes the gross margin is not that different. I wouldn’t expect over the long-term to see any significant difference by node. As you just heard previously generally because of volume in different end markets where gross margin is a function of vertical market mix. So obviously customers that buy more, get better pricing, that tends to be then the biggest driver of gross margin variance.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you. That’s helpful. And my second question is related to 28-nanometer. If 28 is the longest node for FPGA so far, could you just maybe talk a little bit about the ramification of the slowdown on your capital structure? And do you slowdown CapEx going forward in order to maintain your ROI?
John Daane: Well, I think we have to realize we are a fabulous company. So we do not invest in manufacturing equipment. Capital for us is computers and software predominantly EDA Software that we would lease in order to develop our chip. So we would not adjust based on node or volume of any particular node. In general, I’m not sure 28-nanometer is necessarily going to be the longest live node in PLD industry’s history. I don’t think there is going to be any different from any other node. Typically, from introduction, we see a peak five-year, six-year, seven-year, and then at tail last few years afterwards. And I think 28-nanometer will be the same as any other node for us. So, yes, doesn’t change what we are doing or how we are investing as a company.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. This is Julie [ph] for Ross Seymore. Can you give some additional color on why the industrial military auto segment was down double-digits in the March quarter? And given the weakness, how should we think about the growth for this segment in 2015?
John Daane: So what was down in the calendar quarter Q1 and we actually did or predict us when we had our call for Q4 is, industrial was down and military was down. Military is typically down in the first calendar quarter, that has to do with seasonality or spend of government budgets, and so that’s what we saw. Military is pulling back up this quarter and is going to grow substantially, again on a normal season pattern. Industrial was oddly down in the first calendar quarter and that is not usual. We would have expected it to perform better. I think what we were seeing is some adjustment by companies as they were adjusting in Europe and Japan to the stronger dollar. Ultimately though, we were able to call that correction for the quarter, it did happen. And overall, we are expecting that industrial will grow for us double-digit sequentially this quarter, so it’s really roaring back. And those were the two main impacts, overall, automotive was up in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. And given the lower revenue growth profile for the year, how should we think about OpEx guidance that was given previously, any changes?
Ronald Pasek: No, with the exception of the - of foreign exchange benefit that we predict given the strong dollar if it continues $10 million to $13 million, I’m not changing the full-year OpEx at this point.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. Going back to Joe Moore’s first question on the 10-nanometer decision, is it a two-horse race for the foundry decision, or could there be more players potentially involved?
John Daane: Right now, it’s a two-horse race.
James Covello: Okay. Thank you. And then going back to Hans’s question on the accelerator market, could you walk us through a timeframe, where that could potentially become a meaningful portion of the quarterly revenue? What do you think a reasonable sign post would be for us to think about the FPGA accelerator market, representing something that say you might have to breakout separately?
John Daane: I think if you sort of look at all of our vertical markets in general, we expect very broad-based growth across all. We do expect the computer, industrial, and automotive will likely be for the next several years, as we’ve discussed in the past, the fastest growing. But because we expect growth from all of our vertical markets, we’re not necessarily expecting that there will be a dramatic shift in the next year or two. In general, the opportunity for us in servers is very, very large, and we put out the $1 billion opportunity in the past you’re seeing in Nvidia how strong growth in this area. We think we have a more compelling product just simply because of the performance and power benefit, so we have over GPUs, and it’s a new space. Overall, I’d say computer is probably for us about, I don’t know how to break it out, I was going to say maybe 8% of revenue overall. So you can tell that it’s already become significant for us. We expect that this area probably will grow 20% to 30% compound annual and maybe that gives you sort of some metrics to use in terms of thoughts of how it’s going to grow. Certainly, it’s a great opportunity. We talked about Microsoft. We talked about IBM, but there are a lot more customers that we’re working with right now that are deploying or are doing the development right now and plan to deploy over the next couple of years. So I think we’ve gone from this being a concept to now being a reality and growing quite well for us.
James Covello: Incredibly helpful. Thanks a lot. Good luck.
John Daane: Okay. Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Freedman with RBC.
Doug Freedman: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess, if I could start in on one of your - your main competitor talked about a slower ramp in their 28-nanometer product portfolio than they might have expected a year ago. What are you guys seeing on that front? And can give us a guidepost on where your 28-nanometer finished the quarter?
John Daane: I am not familiar with what they may have said. So unfortunately, I’m not in a position to be able to comment at all on slow growth. I think in general, 28-nanometer has done very well. Overall, we ended the year roughly at about 40% market share, and we ended the quarter also at about 48% market - or 40%, excuse me, the market share as well for 28-nanometer. Our overall market share as a company is for FPGAs versus our larger competitor is about 38%. So the fact that we’re doing that well in 40 and for that matter, the several nodes before that says that in general we should expect to take market share over the years to come. So that - hopefully, that answers and gives a little color on 28-nanometer.
Doug Freedman: Okay. If I could you had talked about your 14-nanometer progress. Can you give us an update on where that stands in effect just sort of walk one more on the OpEx side. Are there any advisor fees in the numbers that you’ve guided to?
John Daane: So for me on 14-nanometer there’s no change. We plan to sample in the fall of this year.
Doug Freedman: Great. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Another question or next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. John, given the volatility in the business, how should we think about a normalized run rate for your - in a quarterly revenues? And then whatever that is, do you expect to get there in the second-half, I know, you talked about recovering the second-half of this year? And then also I’m thinking, I’m looking at your operating margins, they’ve been in the mid-20s for a while and then probably going to low-20s, I know you have a higher target longer-term. But on a normalized basis, how do we get up this mid-20 or low-20 operating margin in the model?
John Daane: Well, to answer it backwards, I think if you look at the model the way that we are able to move back into the low-30s operating margin, which is our target is, we are constraining expenses moving forward. So this year, last year, and the years going forward, we want to basically keep our expenses, SG&A and R&D flat plus or minus a couple percent and you’ve seen us do that. Second element is, we’ve been operating last year with lower gross margins than we think are where the company should operate. We think we’re more in the 67% margin on average level. You’re seeing the expansion of our gross margins now, both which are because of mix, but it also because of continuing cost containment and operating costs improvements that we make and we’ll continue to make as a corporation. So that will help the op margin side. And then the third element is, overall, you’ll get the revenue growth and coupled with high gross margins that will flow down very, very well to the bottom line. So that’s the thesis you’ve seen us from the past from us. I think if you look at 2008 versus 2010 or 2011, you saw a lot of op margin expansion as we had revenue growth. And I do think we have a lot of revenue opportunity in a lot of markets. The other element that you asked, it’s, we’ve commented before. It’s very difficult to predict seasonality in our particular industry. So I can’t give you the - what would be a normal growth rate for a particular quarter. In terms of what will wireless do in Q3 or Q4, we don’t have enough visibility to be able to point out exactly what the number will be. We know we will grow in Q3. We know, because we will grow in wireless, so the overall company will grow. Overall, will wireless get back to the levels in Q1 or Q4? We don’t have that sort of visibility right now. But we know it’s going to come back strongly, and we do anticipate, we’ll get strong company growth in the third calendar quarter from that.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then I understand you don’t want to discuss the speculation out there. But my question is assuming hypothetically if there was an offer on the table, can you talk about some of the factors that you would look at to whether to accept and offer or reject an offer?
John Daane: So as Scott said earlier, our policy is not to comment on rumors or hypothetical M&A transactions or hypothetical elements or may or may not happen within our particular industry. All I guess I would say is a - I took a step back is that, our board fully understands its fiduciary responsibility. We are intent on enhancing shareholder value, and we are agnostic as to the path to get there.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. John, you’d mentioned a bit on around your discussion of the China base station market, some pressure and some reallocation of CapEx given perhaps the rate of subscriber adds or something like that. And I was wondering in terms of your design activity, which I assume is ongoing despite the order pause. Have you seen anything, that would indicate that we might see some pricing pressure in the base station market, as you look out maybe in the second-half of this year into 2016?
John Daane: Base stations tend not to change that often. And so you’re typically seeing an architectural shift for our customers on a two-year to four-year cycle on base stations just because of the complexity of the systems. Radios, of course, there are so many frequencies and there are so many different features in radios. Many of the vendors are developing 60 to 100 different radios a year. So there’s more opportunity for products cost reductions or product replacements just to give you an idea of the cycle. Overall, I would say, there’s really no difference or change in market pressure in terms of pricing today for products as they were as it was a year ago or two years ago. Customers obviously would like more features at a lower price. We try to design that through new generations of technology and hopefully, if we get that right, we’ll continue to grow as a company.
Ruben Roy: That’s helpful, John. I guess just as a follow-up then, is there interest in the base station - in baseband specifically, area of the base station market for 14-nanometer technology. And if so when do you think you might start shipping some of those devices into the platforms?
John Daane: We will have, as an example, we’ll have base station shipping on 20-nanometer products from Altera this year. Those have been in design for a couple of years now. I think what you’re going to see is 14-nanometer if I were to guess. 2017, perhaps, you’ll see companies entering into production using our own 14-nanometer FPGAs at that time.
Ruben Roy: Great. Thanks, John.
John Daane: For base stations. Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Joe on for Chris. Thanks. Let me ask the question. I was just curious what you guy’s overall thoughts were on moving towards the lower end of the market. Do you think Altera to have a replace in the mobile handsets or consumer products group?
John Daane: Joe, our focus is not to go after battery-operated appliances or applications. It really requires you to develop and different process type and you develop different architectures from what we have today. So where we have done some lower power products and where we do have low-end FPGAs and CPLDs that address a broad range of applications. Today, we’re not targeted in general on areas like handsets or tablets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, thanks. And then as a follow-up, I was intrigued by your wireless spectrum comments earlier. Do you think and you said you’re pretty comfortable there. What gives you comfort that’s a short-term phenomenon, and do you think that will impact on your emerging markets going forward, could we see an environment where all around we’ll see lower CapEx lowered going forward?
John Daane: Well, I think probably CapEx does not get lower going forward. I think it’s been fairly consistent for a long period of time. What is a little bit confusing in the CapEx numbers is, there’s - in the U.S. and in the U.S. accounting system, the carriers in the U.S. can include a lot of elements that are not what we would traditionally think of capital. So they can include labor. They can include consulting. They can include software. So it’s many times I think for people that are getting data maybe confusing as to what’s actually happening. We do see fluctuations where some quarters are stronger than others. But in general, if you look at the market, there is still need to build out capacity for 4G and 3G throughout the world, and there is a very strong push towards 5G in particular, because what’s happening as you can see with the U.S. there’s a number of carriers are ending up with spectrum that is not contiguous. And therefore they need to manage this and string it together. And so they’re going to need the newer radio styles that are going to come with 4.5G, 5G, which will require all new equipment deployments in order to take advantage of all this new spectrum that they are buying and to more efficiently use the spectrum that they already have. And so in general, I think there’s going to be a continued need to see further spends on wireless and wireline for many years to come.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. John, one more on wireless especially in China. Are you seeing any excess inventory or base stations or base stations that were pre-built or any move towards smaller cells. I’m just trying to understand whether this overhang on FPGA demand, will it persist even when Telco CapEx is relieved just because it happens to be pre-built base stations or whether carriers because of capacity needs start moving more towards smaller cells?
John Daane: So for that in China, in particular, the answer is, yes, some of the existing products that our customers have, they will use to ship as the audits are completed, which is why we’re seeing the very significant downtick. In other words, where customers lined up doing is using this as an opportunity or time that they will bleed off the inventory and then start to return to orders from us in the third calendar quarter as those carriers, the two that are left complete their overall audits. And so that is factored into this big dip that we’re seeing in both like Q1 and Q2 in our wireless business and ultimately where we expected to spring back. So that idea of that some of our customers who have inventory has already been factored in. In terms of small cells, we do have content in small cells, and what has now come back is a change in forecast and that, there will be far fewer small cells deployed in China than previously thought. The carriers there are just not as interested in the technology. So that in particular is not going to ship in the volumes that we’re projected late last year or even earlier this year, does not have a tremendous impact to us, because we have far more dollar content, and the macro base stations and obviously the radios themselves.
Vivek Arya: Very helpful. And then as my follow-up, Ron, could you remind us again what’s causing the gross margins to be so much different than your competitor who was putting up 69%, 70% gross margin, because I think historically, you have always outperformed then. So what’s causing this pressure now and what can help to close the gap over the next few quarters? Thank you.
Ronald Pasek: Yes, thanks for the question. So there’s three things that really causing this in my opinion. Number one is, our competitor has a Last Time Buy that’s been going on for probably well over 2.5 years, we do not have such a Last Time Buy. They do about twice the amount of militarily business we do, which is obviously one of the higher gross margin verticals. And as I said last quarter, we have two 10% customers. We had two 10% customers last year, they have zero. So all things being equal, those put a little more pressure on gross margin, because they do higher volumes.
John Daane: And they particularly are more oriented towards the wireless business, which we’ve mentioned many times as lower gross margin. However do take a step back and I think we have to congratulate them for the fact that they are operating extremely well and give them credit for that as well.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Next question comes from any Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Yes, thanks, guys. I guess just a follow-up on the last question from Vivek on the gross margin. So quick clarification, do you have two 10% customers this quarter, and then you talk about your higher gross margin markets have underperformed, and your mixes in wireless is lower. Is there any sort of taking a step back, is there any sort of common driver there? And I guess, can you just give us some confidence that this is going to stop, and I know you talked some sort of non-mix ways you can improve margins and maybe elaborate on those?
Ronald Pasek: Yes, so consistent with what I side when we articulated plan in December of last year some of the higher margin verticals for the year are going to be the primary growth verticals for us, and that’s what you’re seeing mainly from Q1 to Q2 and it’s going to continue as the year progresses.
John Daane: I think if you step back to last year as an example our gross margins did go down. The two verticals for us are sub-verticals that had the strongest growth and far out performed their plan, our plan for them, were wireless and consumer as we mentioned before. And again those were two of the lower gross margin verticals, simply because of the volume that is in those areas. The reason that we had said that gross margins will grow this year is because we expect strong growth out of computer, out of industrial, out of military as examples, and those are all some of our higher gross margin verticals. So mix obviously is better this year. We continue to do cost reductions work on yields, work on material cost reductions, work on continuing to improve design efficiencies, so that we can lower our costs, those are ongoing efforts that we will do certainly every year. And then to your other question, Chris, we will not or we do not expect to have any 10% customers this quarter. Again, as you can imagine our two 10% customers coming out of last year are very heavily focused on wireless and so they’re going to be impacted for us this quarter and therefore we do not anticipate we’re going to have any 10% customers this quarter.
Chris Danely: Great, thanks. And for my follow-up just a quick on 10-nanometer, do you expect to make a decision on at this quarter? I guess, why would you be hesitating on speaking with Intel? You made this big switch from Taiwan Semi over to Intel. Has something changed there? Has anything like stretched out or change, I guess, why would you be hesitating and what would be involved in switching back to TSMC at 10-nanometer?
John Daane: So we use third-party tools and we use libraries that come from third-parties and memory cells that come from foundries or third-parties. So it requires infrastructure switch, but since we are currently doing development with both TSMC and Intel today, we could easily switch back and forth between the two, because we’ve got the knowledge and we’ve got the skill-set. And we’ve got all the technology. Adding a third foundry would be a lot of work for us, because it would be all new learning. So because again we’re doing the 20-nanometer technology development with TSMC, we completed a 55-nanometer embedded flash family with TSMC. That relationship is ongoing and is going currently. So we are doing development with both companies. We feel very comfortable with their technology roadmaps as I mentioned. Service and support we’ve established and now it comes down to the commercial term side. So I do anticipate that that decision will be made this quarter, and they will be in a position when it comes to the call next time to let you know where we’re headed.
Chris Danely: Thanks.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Chris. Next question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we next move to Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple on, we talked a lot about wireless, on wireline you had a reset in December. You’re expecting to come back nicely. Is that going to be out for you in Q2, do you still expect that rebound? And then maybe for the big picture, I know you don’t want to talk about the deal, but just figuring out how to justify $50 or $60 stock price, you need to get at least back to your peak earnings number. With this reset you’re back down, run rate is closer to $1. When you look at PLD industry, the 10% growth, you see a lot of companies resetting growth profiles, thinking about different cost structures. Is that something that you’re looking at or do you still think that PLDs could grow at that rate?
John Daane: I still think that - and our expectation is for Altera that we should outgrow the overall industry by about 2X. Overall, our expenses will decrease as a percentage of revenue as our revenues grow and that’s something that we have communicated in the model. We expect that we would grow from where we are today in the low 20s in terms op margin to the low 30s, which is our long-term target. We think during that period of time there’s a lot of expansion not only of op margin, but we would expect also from a stock-price perspective, because of the EPS growth. Add to that, we are continuing to work on cash return to shareholders through dividend and the share repurchase even though it’s currently suspended has been very accretive for us as well. And we will continue to focus on cash return to shareholders as much as possible. In terms of telecom I have said in Q4 that for Q1 we expect telecom to be flat. It was slightly down. I think it was down about 2%. So it was roughly flat. The forecast is for it to grow this quarter. I’m kind of hedging that a little bit and I’m thinking that maybe that flips out Q3. So remember in Ron’s opening remarks that he did say we were trying to be very conservative this quarter in terms of the guidance. And that’s one of the elements that we just said. Maybe we see telecom just continue to be flat for now and maybe grow in the back-half of the year.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna: Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon, everybody. John, you’ve been around for at least [indiscernible] and we got a clean plate of all the [indiscernible] Xilinx, you, TI. It sure feels like [indiscernible] that might mean there isn’t [indiscernible]. What are your thoughts [indiscernible].
John Daane: Thanks, Alex. I think we understood your question your sort of volume is low for us. I think overall, I don’t think that this is the end of the cycle. If you think of semiconductors, typically we’ve seen cycles driven by CapEx spend. So where you know sometimes there’s not enough CapEx spend, capacity drives up, prices go up, industry grows, lot of CapEx spend, too much volume is put in place, prices decline therefore the industry declines. I don’t think that’s the case today. We’re not seeing that CapEx is really run away from what the industry growth rates are and overall recently you have seen a couple of companies adjust their CapEx spending downwards. So I think that’s okay. Ultimately, I think some vertical markets are doing well and some vertical markets are under a little bit of pressure. We’re also susceptible to what’s happening on the macro, so if the macro were to substantially deteriorate, I think we would all be certainly impacted by that. But right now I think if it were not for this wireless delay that I mentioned we would be seeing sequential growth this quarter as well as gross margin expansion this quarter.
Alex Gauna: Okay, that’s helpful, and sorry about the volume on that last question. If we think about another aspect of what drives the Altera story, you believe for years that you can gain share versus ASIC and ASSP. And at least in the more recent periods here that does not seem to be the case for either you or your peer. What can you say about if that part of the thesis is still in place for you, and if so, why are we seeing that anomaly here in the near-term where a lot of the ASSP players still seem to be outperforming your performance. Thanks.
John Daane: Well, I think there are different markets, for instance some of the ASSP players have been tied to mobile handsets, we’re not in that particular market. So I think you have to take it a step back and look at particular verticals. And I think if you look at the verticals that we’re in we have been outperforming the semiconductor industry on average over a 3 year to 5 year basis point. In general, if you look at the ASIC market, I would say and go back five, six years ago it has changed substantially. Texas Instruments was at one time one of the top ASIC providers, they’re out. IBM is out having sold off their semiconductor group. It’s not evident to me that global foundries are necessarily carrying that strategy forward. We’ve seen the Japanese companies and many companies in Japan deemphasize ASIC entirely. So I think that industry has been under a lot of pressure as evidenced by the fact that many of the top providers in the top 10 have really exited the overall business, and to a large degree that’s been replaced by either ASSPs and handsets or FPGAs and the infrastructure equipment side. And I think there’s plenty of evidence on the ASIC front that PLDs continue to replace it and that economically really are customers have no choice but to use programmable logic going forward.
Alex Gauna: Okay. Thank you. Good luck on restoring the momentum.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Alex. Next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from Deepon Nag with Macquarie.
Deepon Nag: Yes. Thanks guys. Could you give us the gross margin for the acceleration business? When you think about the seasonality of that, is it seasonally strong in the back-half of the year relative to the first-half?
John Daane: So theoretically, if you were a player in the broad space within the computer industry and particularly servers, I would say that you typically do see Q4 stronger and then Q1 weaker in terms of a seasonal pattern. But today, we’re doing business with companies that build their own datacenters is an example and some others, IBM, as I mentioned and Hewlett-Packard. But in the case of companies that build their own data centers, so they are not on our clock, in other words, they will build out a datacenter based on their own clock, and so it’s a little bit different from that perspective. So we haven’t seen a lot of seasonality necessarily with our portion of the computer business, and again, it’s still very early innings in terms of what we can achieve. In terms of gross margins, I think computer in general has been at or above our overall corporate level.
Deepon Nag: Great, excellent. And on the foundry deal with Intel, how long has Intel compelled to not invest or develop alternative FPGA technologies, if you were to switch to [indiscernible] 10-nanometers?
John Daane: I think, again, I refer people probably and we have gotten a little bit of interest recently about this through the agreement that is online and for individuals to look at that particular agreement. I don’t know if there are dates establish with it, so I probably just end this by saying, we’re very comfortable with the protections that we negotiated in that agreement.
Deepon Nag: Got it. Thanks a lot.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please?
Operator: And our final question comes from Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil Doradla: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. John, couple of question, so back to that ASIC replacement thesis, when you open up a box today, there are fewer chips out there. So the whole system-on-a-chip is taking a lot more functionality, whether it’s input/output, more memory, processors, and so forth. So what would you say to perhaps some element of criticism that an amount of glue logic that you would need, the amount of FPGA you would need with the rights of SoCs diminishes. Do you think there’s any validity to that thesis?
John Daane: I think you are correct. In that there may be fewer chips, certainly than when I started where you had TTL logic with four gigs per chip. The number of raw chips is perhaps diminishing the system, and then you’re seeing more integrated SoC’s. And that’s exactly the reason why you’re seeing from us and from Xilinx as well the advents of SoC based PLDs or FPGAs. So if you kind of look at the FPGA evolution 15 years ago, we had only logic in our chips, we then added memory. We then added DSP blocks, which really took on and displaced a lot of what was the traditional DSP industry. We then added transceivers, which took on and replaced a lot of analog components. And mostly, recently, we’ve added microprocessors, so multi-core microprocessors to our FPGAs. So, in fact, we’re becoming the SoC within the systems. There is a - there is still an economic sort of spectrum and it will always exist. If there is high enough volume, it will make sense to do in ASIC, or it will make sense to do in ASSP, because where the expense to develop that chip is very, very high these days. You can’t achieve a return on investment if you ship again to applications 5 million units or higher per year. But if you’re in applications that are below that, it’s very difficult, if not impossible to achieve the return on investment with that very large investment you make developing the chip, whereas we can develop one chip, sell it to many customers who again don’t have that sort of volume, but through the aggregation of the volume get the payback at the ROI necessary for us to continue to go forward. So we now are in essence the default SoC for all of those applications that ship in the few units per year all the way up to the low millions of units per year.
Anil Doradla: Great. And now if you step back and remove yourself from the recent volatility and uncertainty, have you changed your opinion on the long-term growth rate of FPGAs. What do you think in the long-term growth rate of this industry going forward?
John Daane: So our expectation for Altera is the high-single digits to low-double digits in terms of growth. And I’m sort of benchmarking the FPGA through the overall semiconductor industry on 4% to 5% compound annual growth in us roughly to expect perhaps slightly better with us some of our new markets, such as server acceleration, some of the IoT space, as well as automotive. Thank you for very much.
Anil Doradla: So that’s not changed.
John Daane: No but there’s - I would say two years ago, if you were to talk to us as an example about computer, we said maybe. And we were talking about it’s a potential, but we’re not quite sure, because we had to develop at a completely new software base. So that’s an area for us that I would say today is completely new. I would say automotive, you know five years ago, we would say, that’s a potential, but we’re not sure. That’s an area that our industry is seeing good growth. So I think that’s all beneficial, because it will allow the FPGA industry to expand beyond just communications where obviously we have a lot of revenue be able to diversify. But I think there are a lot of new growth markets and opportunities for us which should allow us to continue to grow to exceed overall industry. Again, thank you, Anil. Next, or I guess we’ve done. So, Scott?
Scott Wylie: Correct. Listen, as we wrap up this call today, let me mention the conferences that we will be attending this quarter. First, we will attend the Baird Growth Conference in Chicago on May 6. And in June on the second, we’ll present at the Bank of America Global Technology Conference in San Francisco. This concludes Altera’s earnings conference call. Thank you for your interest and participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President, Investor Relations Ron Pasek - SVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer John Daane - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Chris Danely - Citigroup Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Ambrish Srivastava - Bank of Montreal Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Suji De Silva - Topeka Research David Wu - Indaba Global Research Doug Freedman - RBC Romit Shah - Nomura Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Deepon Nag - Macquarie Blayne Curtis - Barclays William Stein - SunTrust
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Altera Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Scott Wylie. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, and use code 258712. During today's prepared remarks, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. After Ron and John's initial remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ron Pasek: Thank you, Scott. Q4 revenue of $480 million was spot on to the mid-point of guidance. The mix between our verticals was different than anticipated, leading to a gross margin disappointment. John will elaborate on the verticals in a moment. On the product side, we continue to grow 28-nanometer revenue and are pleased to announce we shipped over $1 million in 20-nanometer Arria 10 revenue in Q4. OpEx results were as expected. Our tax rate reflects the catch-up effect from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit last year, so we are well under guidance. In the quarter, we also repurchased another 4.3 million shares and exited 2014 with as planned additional cash available to continue our repurchase activities into the first part of 2015. For the year, we nearly doubled the growth of the semiconductor industry, with revenue growth of 12%. Although there was pressure on gross margin throughout the year, we did end the year with double-digit growth in telecom and wireless, albeit, more pronounced in wireless. This effort yielded two greater than 10% customers for the year. On the product side, new products grew 42% over the prior year, led by 28-nanometer, which grew 154% year-on-year. As we committed, we slowed the rate of OpEx growth to just 4.3% for the year and were in line with the guidance of $740 million. As a result, we expanded operating margin by 14% in FY'14. 2014 was an important year for what was accomplished in terms of shareholder cash returns. In addition to paying a growing dividend at roughly $200 million, we repurchased a bit more than 650 million of Altera's shares during the course of the year. Taken together, we returned nearly 130% of cash flow from operating activities, which is well above our 68% cash return goal. For Q1, we see revenue flat to down 4%. Although this may be a surprise to some, it is consistent with our plan for Q1. However, we do see sequential growth returning in Q2 '15. Gross margin will remain roughly flat to Q4 levels, but not for the same reasons we saw in Q4 '14. We see stronger than planned wireless revenue in Q1, a slightly weaker than planned growth in telecom, military and industrial. I want to reiterate what I said on the investor call we had on December 10th, we see gross margin improving throughout the year. However, given the gross margin forecast for Q1, we may be toward lower end of the 67% to 69% range I provided. Now, let me turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you, Ron. The telecom and networking markets led the fourth quarter sequential decline, with telecom weaker than expected. These declines were partially offset by stronger than projected seasonal growth in consumer. Wireless continued to be fairly stable and we expect this will continue over the next couple of quarters. For full year 2014, we experienced fairly broad growth, with 8 of our 11 submarkets up year-over-year and 7 of those markets up double digits. Overall, we were able to grow significantly faster than the market and our competition, and as a result increase our PLD market share. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to be flat to down 4%, sequentially. We believe telecom and wireless will be flat with continuing stability in wireless. We forecast the computer market to grow. We project the industrial market to decline, along with seasonal declines in military and consumer markets. As Ron mentioned, we expect growth in Q2 with stability in the communication markets and growth in many of our non-communication verticals. Additionally, we believe we will continue to grow in the second half of the year. The increase in R&D spending over the last several years has created a very strong product pipeline. In 2014, we released our Max 10 very low-end FPGA family and the ramp has been exceptional. Max 10 has set a company record for design kits sold. The Arria 10 mid-range family ramp is also doing very well as we shipped just over $1 million of revenue in the fourth quarter. Our Stratix 10 product, with the combination of Intel's 14-nanometer Tri-Gate process technology and our new HyperFlex architecture, provides high-end customers who have unparalleled FPGA performance and density levels. We achieved a 2X core performance increase over prior architectures, and not previously announced, we will have up to 5.5 million logic elements, 25% higher than competing products. ASIC replacement has long been the primary growth engine for the PLD industry. With the economics of Moore's Law, this trend will continue. However, acceleration is a new additive growth path for PLDs. CPUs alone are no longer providing the performance required by an array of markets and FPGAs are being adopted as coprocessor accelerators. We see this in data centers, networking with SDN and in robotics, security, automotive and military markets as examples. With our superior new FPGAs, combined with our OpenCL programming tool, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of this new growth opportunity. In summary, we are pleased with our 2014 outgrowth of the semiconductor and PLD industries and our corresponding market share gain and our pipeline of new products. Now, let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time, so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if I could ask for a little more color on the gross margin and this has been kind of a recurring mix that has caused you guys some headwinds. Is that a wireless impact or can you just be a little bit more specific on what the drivers are of the lower gross margin?
Ron Pasek: Joe, yes, I would say it is telecom wireless. As we said, we were more pronounced in growth last year in wireless. We also established two greater than 10% customers, so a lot of the growth we saw even though we had broad growth across many verticals, some verticals, it was more pronounced in wireless, that the fact on itself put pressure on gross margin.
John Daane: I think if you look at Q1 and the reason that the margin is below the initial range that Ron had provided is we originally had expected a pause or a slowdown in wireless in the first calendar quarter due to really a pause between phases at China Mobile. What we are seeing in the business is, deployments and other carriers in China and elsewhere around the world for LTE as well as 3G, are picking up that slack and we are seeing basically our wireless business higher than we had anticipated in Q1. Correspondingly, we are seeing some of the other businesses that have a much higher margin, for instance, military and industrial be lower than we had originally anticipated, so our margins are a little bit lower. As Ron said, based on the fact that we expect wireless to be fairly stable for the next several quarters, but a lot of the gross to come from non-wireless segments that carry higher gross margins. We would expect our margins to expand as we move forward throughout the year.
Joe Moore: Okay. Given that you are expressing confidence in being north of 67% for the year with flat wireless. I mean, are you saying that there is a lot of growth from the higher margin segments, what is your confidence level in that being north of 67%?
Ron Pasek: Yes. We talked about this on December 10th, some of the other high-margin verticals are going to grow a little bit slower the uptake here, but they are going to growth through the year.
Joe Moore: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Joe. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely from Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Just I guess, one more question or a series of question on the gross margins. Within the telecom and wireless segment, have you guys actually seen the gross margins within that segment, trend down over the last few years and have you done any I guess change in pricing strategies that could have an impact there on the margins?
Ron Pasek: Chris, this is Ron. I think as you grow large customers and their volume increases. In many cases that affords them lower prices, so that is one of the reasons you would see some margin degradation.
John Daane: I think, if you sort of take a step back over the last several years, I would say there has not been much of a margin change in the telecom sector. Wireless tends to have much higher volumes as does the consumer segment. As we have commented before, our pricing is really volume-based, so both consumer and wireless tend to have lower gross margins than in the case of wireless that is driven by radios, which ship in the millions of units per year. Ultimately, I think what you have seen in wireless is the margins have come down a little bit over time. Some of that is because of the increased account concentration. If you go back four or five years ago, we saw a larger number of companies participate in wireless globally, now we are seeing a fewer companies that are doing most of the shipments worldwide. Therefore, since they have higher volumes, the pricing tends to be a little bit lower. I would say in general, the pattern in the rest the market has been fairly stable for a series of years. We really have not seen significant changes.
Chris Danely: Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hans Mosesmann from Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann: Thanks. Just a clarification in terms of your view for the year, so yesterday your competitor had indicated that there is some clouds in the communications markets. Can you provide us your perspective on how you see the year just in general based on those comments?
John Daane: Yes. I think, as we’ve commented before, we do have reasonable visibility in the short run. We have some projections from customers and discussion with carriers for communications, provides us an outlook for what we think will happen for the year. We think communications will be on wireless stable, I think telecom will grow from where it ended in Q4 over the year. We expect some very good growth there. I think there is a lot of nervousness around the discussion from carriers where they have said that they will reduce CapEx spending. In our discussions with them, that does not mean that they are cutting back on hardware spending. CapEx includes a number of different categories, which for the U.S. carriers for instance, includes labor, it includes software, it includes consulting, so where some of the carriers have talked about reducing CapEx, it has not necessarily meant reduction in equipment, which is what we’re in as much as it has been some of the other segments for which do not affect us. We do see growth opportunity in telecom through the year. We think it is at a low point. We think wireless will be very stable and networking should also grow for us for the year. Outside of that, we see some very good growth in some of the other verticals, so we would expect military as an example to grow this year. We have a number of projects which are due to go to production. Computer is an area, where we expect very, very good growth simply because we are seeing this adoption in our data centers for acceleration start to really kick in and we are moving into production with a number of different platforms. We expect industrial, which had very good growth last year to continue that trend and have a very good growth this year, again because of the acceleration trend we are seeing in data center, so we expect communications wireless to be stable growth in telecom and networking and then growth in a lot of our other verticals as well.
Hans Mosesmann: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Ron Pasek: Thanks, Hans. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava: …14-nanometer first on what is the timing for the tape-out. Then just in terms of your commentary and then just put it against Xilinx. There is only two companies making high-end FPGAs and PLDs. Is that share gains or that you made at Ericsson that is translating into better environment for you here in the North American market, because they were pretty downbeat from what is going on in the carrier space in North America and your commentary is not at all reflecting that, so just trying to understand that, what's really going on? Is the end market kind of broad, but you are taking share and that is translating into your visibility versus theirs? Thanks.
John Daane: Okay, so two questions. Let me start with 14-nanometer. Our original schedule was to tape-out in first calendar quarter, we’re running a couple of months late to that and are actively working to pull that in but worst case, we will sample this fall so we are still definitely in this year. I think overall if you look at the product we’re very excited about it. The change in architecture is allowing us to significantly increase the performance of our device. We’ve talked about 2X, we have actually had press releases with customers who have said that they see that 2X performance. That puts us in a different category. Certainly, they are not competition. The second thing is with using a true 14-nanometer technology, which is available only from Intel, we are getting significantly higher densities than our competition will be able to enjoy, so we think at least we will be 25% higher in logic elements than the competition. The higher performance and higher density ultimately opens up more of the ASIC space to replace and some of these capabilities are absolutely required for the data center, so we think as we move through this year and it really becomes all about the FinFET technology for the high-end, we really are going to move into a unique position, where were going to have by far the strongest product being a generation ahead in process technology combined with the new architecture, so we are very excited about that. Everything else is going extremely well there. In terms of differences between our competition and ourselves in outlook, we can't really comment a lot on the differences, but I guess there are two things at a high level that we would say. Number one is, we have been doing much better in the wireless segment than our competition and this goes back several quarters where they saw a decrease in wireless business and wireless for us has been continuing to be very stable, and as Ron mentioned, it was our fastest-growing vertical last year overall, so we continue to do very well in the wireless space. I think the second element is that we did not run an obsolescence program and where obsolescence can obviously have a great short-term benefit in terms of revenue lift, you eventually reach the point where it drives a headwind as that program ends, so our view of the future I think is different for at least those two factors and there could be others in terms of design wins of particular verticals or strength of products. Certainly, our OpenCL advantage allows us to get into some of these acceleration opportunities years ahead of our competition. Then there may be certainly other differences between the two companies as well. Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. I wanted to ask on the cadence of the opportunity that you see in the computing and the hardware accelerated business. I can understand that this can be lumpy as this business ramps into volume. Maybe you could just talk about any big moving pieces that we should expect to see grow through year and what sort of growth rates we should be thinking about. Thank you.
Ron Pasek: I think ultimately you are correct in that you can get data center deployments as we saw last year, which can cause the business to go up and down. I did comment a few quarters ago that I expected as the business matures, within the computer segment and we had a large number of customers deploying that those ups and downs would sort of equalize as we have more stable business. I think ultimately now though, we have enough customers deploying. Even within these customers, they have multiple data centers, so they will do equipment upgrades sort of serially through each data center, through the year and therefore we should see or we expect at this point to see some fairly stable and solid growth in the computer segment throughout the year this year.
Gabriela Borges: That's helpful color. Then as a follow-up, if I may back on the wireless business, to the extent you can comment on the relative mix being LTE versus 3G or 2G or older generations if you could give us on setting on what the percentage split is today and where that could be this time next year. Thanks very much.
Ron Pasek: Yes. Right now, if you sort of take the second half of last year, where you had heavy China Mobile deployment in TD LTE, plus FTD in the United States South Korea and Japan as well as the other two carriers were starting to ramp in China we saw that it was a much heavier LTE mix. Today what has happened is we have seen the some of the downturn or decrease that we have seen from China Mobile has been absorbed by an increase from other FTD a deployers. However overall, LTE is lower than it was last quarter and what has filled in the gap has been an increase in 3G spending and I would probably say that that will continue into Q2 at this point. Then we would expect later in the year that perhaps LTE picks up even more as we see China Mobile return to spending for their network.
Gabriela Borges: Thanks for the color.
Ron Pasek: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland from FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. On the last call, I think, you guys might have mentioned that you thought your 4G was going to ramp by year-end. Your competitor last night said that they did not expect them to take any product in 2015. They also said the same for India, so I was wondering if you guys still expect to see that if anything has changed there at all. That would be great. Thanks.
John Daane: We have not seen anything significant change in the near-term other than, as we mentioned wireless is stronger than we originally anticipated in Q1 and a good portion of that coming from increases in 3G, part of that is for developing countries, part of that is for China itself.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. Great. A quick follow-up, for North America, your competitor talked about weakness, particularly in wireline, they talked about AT&T and Sprint. Are you seeing those same effects with that lowered CapEx in North America?
John Daane: Telecom was weaker for us in the fourth calendar quarter than we had originally projected. It was part of the reason that gross margin was lower in the fourth calendar quarter. We do expect telecom to grow this year for us, but be in the first calendar quarter fairly stable with where it was in the fourth quarter. Ultimately, I would say the weakness in the telecommunications area was not just specific to North America, it was other geographies as well, but again there are some new programs that we are ramping through the year and in conversations with some carriers, we do feel that there will be some equipment deployed at higher levels than what we are seeing today. Part of the reason behind this is, as 4G is getting deployed, there is the need for a wired network backhaul upgrade and I do think we will see an increase in spending as we go throughout the year.
Christopher Rolland: Great. That is constructive. Thanks.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Ron, just a clarification, on 28-nanometer what were the revenue for the quarter? Then as we look into the rest of the year, how should we think about your market share at 28?
Ron Pasek: We did $95 million in 28-nanometer revenue in Q4. I think if you look at what we are projecting for Q1, well, actually on the basis what you will see is our market share being roughly a little over 40%. I still see us closing the gap as the year progresses. As you know, long-term we said, we would probably get to a 50% share at 40%. Anything above 40% is the market share gain for us.
John Daane: I think that is important to underline. We obviously took market share last year 28-nanometer was part of the reason as we increased our market share. Overall, even if we were to worst-case, maintain the market share that we have in 28-nanometer today, we will continue to take market share as a company. I think there has been a lot of concern over 28-nanometer. I know that we will at least stay stable in market share is not take market share. Again, as these older node falloff where our competitors have higher market share and the newer nodes where we have higher market share continue to grow, we would expect, as we did last year, to continue to take market share. It has been something that we have said for years, so we think we are in a solid position this year. We would expect to take market share again this year overall, and we have a very strong position in 28-nanometer. I would say getting out of the Gate, very strong in 20-nanometer with $1 million shipped so far and a lot of strong design wins. Then very quickly transitioning the high-end to 40-nanometer, where very clearly from an architectural process perspective, we are really in the driver seat terms of the product line.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. Great. Then one quick one again for Ron, Ron, I am just wondering what the linearity of the quarter was. The reason I am asking that is you obviously told us to expect or you raised your gross margin outlook for this year on December 10th and I am guessing something must have changed in the last few weeks of the quarter, so just trying to figure out what changed.
Ron Pasek: Well, for Q1 what changed is, we had start out with higher than expected wireless business that is really all it is. Then as we said in Q4, we saw slightly different mix as we finished the quarter, but came in right on the revenue number.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, John, Ron. Thanks for letting me ask question. Ron, maybe just a quick follow on to that last question, absolute number for March came in with your expectations; mix different. I am just kind of curious what segments disappointed and more importantly, why? Then, John, you clearly have confidence to talk about sequential growth resuming in the June quarter. I am wondering if you can give us the confidence that you will have year-over-year growth in the June quarter, i.e., enough sequential growth from March to June still show a little bit of year-over-year growth in the June quarter. Thanks.
Ron Pasek: John, the first part of your question was about Q1 guidance?
John Pitzer: Yes.
Ron Pasek: Okay. Real quickly, again, we are coming in stronger on wireless than we planned and slightly behind what we planned for industrial, military and telecom or wireline. That's it.
John Pitzer: Any discernible reason for the weakness?
Ron Pasek: No. As we said, we expect those to be growth areas throughout the year.
John Pitzer: Then John relative to sequential growth of the June quarter, do you think it is sufficient to drive year-over-year growth?
John Daane: To be honest, John, we have not looked at that, so just I do not have anything in front of me that gives me the year-over-year based on what we do so, I can't answer that. I guess what we would say is, we do expect still to grow this year over last year and we feel that we have looked at a couple forecasts for the semiconductor industry non-memory. We think we have got a very good shot to at least what they are doing there if not to exceeded again as we did last year. Then the last point there is, we would expect to take market share again this year...
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Very helpful.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good afternoon. Based on the 2014 results, what is your assessment in terms of the TD-LTE basestation or ramp in China versus the stated China Mobile target for last year? Do you think that target was met or do you think that it fell significantly behind, which means that there was more growth ahead from an infrastructure standpoint.
John Daane: Well, I think China Mobile has specifically said that they have deployed about 700,000 basestations last year and plan roughly to build another 300,000 this year. Again we do see a dip in China Mobile TD-LTE shipments right now. That is being filled in by FTD and by 3G, but we do expect that China Mobile will continue to aggressively build out their network and we will see a pickup in their business later this year.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Then as a quick follow-up, so you had mentioned the gross margin created pressure on the basis of wireless, last year at least. Then if we assume that wireless is maybe 40% of your communication revenue and we assume wireless was flattish, sequentially, in Q4 then it implies that telecom perhaps was down about 10%, sequentially, in Q4. Is telecom so much higher margin that a 10% decline, what is maybe 20% of your total business will be actually impacting gross margin so much, sequentially?
John Daane: Well, Telecom was down significantly greater 10%, the difference in margin is significant. If you think of telecom platforms, our volumes is very low as it is for most infrastructure equipment. Again, basestations a reasonable margin and wireless, it is really the radios that have the much lower gross margin. The two things that were different, again, I want to go back to reemphasize that we are different in Q4 was the consumer was much stronger than we had originally forecasted and wireless was a stable and telecoms down more than with lots of really consumer was the piece that hit hard in last quarter and recent were starting lower than we expected this quarter is really we expected wireless to have a pause with China Mobile and ultimately wireless continues to be strong. We are not expecting the telecom is going to grow this quarter. This is a seasonal weak quarter for military, so you are really getting the worst of all elements from a vertical mix perspective hitting both, during Q4 in Q1. Again, going forward, we are very confident that the growth really is from the non-wireless segments this year and therefore since almost all of those have higher gross margin we would expect our gross margin to increase throughout the year.
Tristan Gerra: Thank you very much.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Tristan. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. This is Shankar for Vivek. I have a question on automotive. You said you had some design wins on Audi and I just want to know among the segments that are going to grow beyond Q1, how much of that is contributing from auto?
Ron Pasek: Auto will grow. It actually has been growing historically a very large percentage. It is just a small piece of the overall business. As you know, it typically takes about four years for new auto platforms to go into production. Then they are in production for 7 to 10 years, so we have been enjoying a very significant increase in automotive design wins for the last two years. I really think you will see that the hockey stick in automotive while we will continue to increase over time. We are really think in about three years we are going to see very, very significant uptick in automotive. To the point, we are anticipating it is going to be a very significant segment for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. I have a quick follow up. With regards to the OpEx trend in 2014, can you comment on whether it is going to be as tight as it was 2014 or do you see incremental R&D spend that is required to grow the segments…
John Daane: We gave that guidance back in December, so we are only growing OpEx from $740 million in FY'14 to $760 in FY'15, so pretty minimal growth, very minimal growth in SG&A and in R&D. I think if you kind of look back, we expanded R&D spending significantly for a few years that allowed us to do a new architecture for Stratix 10, OpenCL new DSP architecture, which is very important for data centers, allowed us to expand our spending markets such as automotive and computer so we have really broadened our portfolio, a lot of that is rolling out right now, because of that we really feel that we are in now harvest mode, where we can take advantage of all that spending and all of that growth going forward, so that we would expect our earnings will grow faster than our revenue growth over the next several years. We feel that we are in a good position just to hold OpEx fairly flat for the next couple of years. Again, harvest all of that are spending through well revenue growth and more importantly profitability growth for the company.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva from Topeka Research. 
Suji De Silva : Hi guys. On the wireless infrastructure are you seeing equal strength in share gain opportunity in 28-nanometer versus 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer and would that help the mainstream mix come back? I know it is down here versus new.
John Daane: I am just trying to think through that. I think, ultimately as we have said before in any given segment, there is not one generation which is what shipped at any particular period of time. In wireless today, our customers are shipping systems that are made up of 65-nanometer, 40-nanometer, 28-nanometer and very soon 20-nanometer. It is not that one turns off and the other turns on as much as it is a mix. Longer term, we would expect our mainstream category to probably continue a slight decline and see a lot of growth out of our newer products, our 40 grew last year year-over-year. It looks like it has a chance actually to continuing into this year. 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer, obviously, are going to continue to ramp for the next several years. As we talked about earlier, we are also close to deploying '14, so I think the mix of the products in the mainstream area, probably will go through a slight decline over time. Overall though, what always happens with FPGAs is you just simply replace more ASIC sockets. In today's world, also we have the benefit of acceleration, so our new products will always be larger than our older ones. Even though our older ones will decline, on net basis we will continue to grow.
Suji De Silva : Okay. Then the OpEx real quick, the R&D guidance here, if I annualize it, it is a little higher than what you talked about in the full year guidance call. Is there a front end load to the tape out to the R&D spend or is that just splitting hairs there?
John Daane: No. There is front-end load and I did give guidance earlier on that in December and said, the first half will be a little more heavy than the second half.
Suji De Silva : Okay. Great. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu of Indaba Global Research.
David Wu: John, can you give us some idea about the computers separated in products, how many years do you think it will roughly take before they become, let us say, 5% to 10% of your quarterly revenue?
John Daane: Well, I think honestly, computer is well over 5% of our revenue today and we are just looking for some statistics. I do not have a percentage, but well over that. We would expect that over time, we will see FPGAs really become more ubiquitous across much of the server space, simply because FPGAs are far more efficient at running of mathematics algorithms like search and compression and encryption, decryption then our CPUs and we take in order of magnitude less power than the GPU, so therefore we are the clear winner. I would say even though it's a very significant category already for us today, it should be the fastest-growing category for us for the next several years. Reason behind that is, there are as you know millions of servers shipped per year. Ultimately, the refresh cycle is about every three to four years, which is much faster than we see in many of our other markets and they tend to buy our high-end FPGA products which means ASPs are very high, so we expect to see continued expansion of that segment for years. We have announced with a couple of customers so far. There are a number of others are working with our technology. Obviously, I think everybody has seen at this point that even Intel announced that they plan to do an MCM with an FPGA and their server-based processors in the future. Clearly, the technology is really at the right point in time. We have got the right architecture, we have got OpenCL tools and I think, we are taking advantage of the opportunity much more than the competition.
David Wu: John, can you explain a little bit at least on things partners like Intel and IBM that are selling your FPGAs as part of their, I guess, server solutions, how do these companies really split revenue with you? Do the margins change at all if it is part of their multi-chip packages?
John Daane: Today, really all of our products and I am trying to think of anything across any vertical that is different really, we just sell FPGAs or CPLDs to companies we do so in some cases die and in some cases we saw packaged units, so we take revenue when a customer takes title of the product. We would treat IBM as an example just as a customer like any other customer for that matter if Intel were to buy our product, so all of these companies whether there are other semiconductor companies or they are systems companies, I think that the accounting is basically all the same.
David Wu: Okay. Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Doug Freedman from RBC.
Doug Freedman: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. If I could focus in a little bit on the operating income line, you have taken a lot of questions in terms of the gross margin trend, but when we look at the overall picture in the business your operating margins year-on-year comparison probably are one of the largest contractions we have seen in the last couple of years. Do you look at that line to try to determine how to run the business? What type of target should we have for you to run the operating margins maybe in the next year or two years out? Is there any chance that you drive it back to the 40% that you had in the past years?
John Daane: Doug, actually we expanded op margin in FY'14, and what we articulated over the next several years just to add what John said is growing revenue in a fast rates than OpEx to continue for several years to expand op margin. Our stated goal is 32% to 33%. Again, we don't think that we can sustain a 40% op margin. When we enjoyed 44% FY'10 and 41% FY'11, we are pretty clear that that was not a sustainable model and made a desired effort to invest particularly in R&D for several years, which we did and now we are as john mode to get that op margin back up, so we did make progress and we will continue to make progress this year and in the next several years.
Doug Freedman: Okay. My next question is really on the 14-nanometer. You didn't acknowledge that it is running a few months behind. Is there a revenue impact to your plan in 2015, as a result of the present delay you are experiencing?
John Daane: No. That is not in our plan. It is a couple of months our first case and that is not going to have a significant change at all to the plan this year.
Doug Freedman: Is there any reason that you can apply to the delay?
John Daane: I guess, at a high level if your asking is it Intel or Altera, it is Altera. These products were extremely complex, there is a lot of modules both, digital and analog that we are hooking up and a couple of months hit in the schedule is not bad considering the complexity of the product, so I am still very excited about it and very excited to get this product into the marketplace this year.
Doug Freedman: Great. Thank you so much.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit Shah: Yes. Hi, John, you guys, I think, bought an analog company a few years ago, but for the most part have not done a lot. There was a lot of consolidation last year and I am wondering today, are you thinking more seriously about diversifying your product offering?
John Daane: I think, if you sort of take a step back, I mean there have been a few acquisitions that we have done over the last 20 years and they really were to add pieces of technology to the company that were needed to work with our base FPGAs. In general, the reason that we follow that is, we really believe that there is strong growth potential of FPGAs is still intact. It is a great unique space to be in, because it carries strong gross margins. It is hard to get into and has a tremendous amount of growth opportunity, not only because Moore's Law is economically challenging a lot of companies. It is more expensive to move forward to newer nodes. Therefore, as they cannot, we can and we can move into their space with our programmable logic products and expand our revenue, but also now because of the acceleration opportunity, so for those reasons we have been really focused on how do we make our FPGA offerings more solid and how do we offer those to a broader array of customers that we have in the past. Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citigroup.
Chris Danely: Hey, guys, since I am cycling through you for a second time, hopefully you will indulge me in just a couple of quick ones. You talked about 14-nanometer, have you guys made any decision on your foundry choice for 10-nanometer?
John Daane: Chris, we have not made that decision. We have told both, Intel and TSMC, who are working with on the technology that will likely make a decision before the end of the first calendar quarter.
Chris Danely: Got it. Then just my second question is given, I guess, a little bit of a slowdown in growth here, does this change any of your thoughts around your long-term growth rate or how you run the Company, or OpEx, or targets, or anything like that? 
John Daane: No. Chris, we really are feeling very solid about our potential both, to take market share with our industry, the ability to outgrow the semiconductor industry going forward, we like our product pipeline. As you know we are holding OpEx reasonably flat for the next several years, so we think we are just going to continue to move with this. We are seeing design win momentum picked up quite substantially across a lot of verticals, so we are our excited about where we are and we are going to hold the course.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
John Daane: Thank you, Chris. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy of Piper Jaffray.
Rubin Roy: Hi. Thanks, John. Just a segue on that design win momentum comment, I am wondering if you could give us a little more detail on the initial 20-nanometer interest end markets, where you are seeing the initial design activity and how you are thinking about 20-nanometer? Is it going to be a node that seeks out sockets that you think typically belongs to different technologies than FPGAs or is this a 28-nanometer replacements longer term. Thanks?
John Daane: Just as a reference, we are doing a mid-range family. It is really midrange/a little bit high-end than we did before replaces both the Arria product line that we had Arria 5 as well as the large portions of Stratix 5 in terms of a technology, so mainly meant to be a mid-range but also extends into what we would consider the high-end range to an extent. In mid-range as we talked about before in 28-nanometer we were not as competitive this fixes, allows us to go back after a number of sockets and we are seeing success there. Also, because it is a cost reduction, a power reduction and an increase in performance, it allows us to go after some more higher end designs. We are seeing very broad acceptance of this product. It is designed in the wireless, military. We were seeing it in broadcast and some consumer applications lot of computer, test medical, so it is a very broad and then telecom, so it is a very broad technology usage. 14-nanometer for us will be high-end product and there we think we are going to be quite unique in terms of what we are offering in terms of technology. We expect the majority of our verticals are going to enjoy the product line telecom, networking, wireless for basestations, will see broadcast computer, in particular test medical and military all will be very interested our technology. In fact, we got a number of design wins it really covers that space as well. We really have a very strong product offering across the board. As I mentioned earlier, we have Max 10 at the low-end as well what we have introduced that we do not see one of our competitors really competing in that space any longer, so we are really excited about the product lineup and customer acceptance has been exceptional. We have got a very strong software system, so right now it is going very, very well for us.
Rubin Roy: That’s all I have. Thanks for the detail, John.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepon Nag from Macquarie.
Deepon Nag: Yes. Thanks guys. I had a question about the relative growth rates of high-end products like Stratix versus mid-range and low-end products both, in 2014 and then your expectations for 2015?
John Daane: I do not know if we have that split. Well, okay, so we apologize. We have got it split by process node and we have got split by vertical, but don't have it split by, or we have all the individual products, so we just don’t have the data. I apologize.
Deepon Nag: Sure.
John Daane: I could give you. My expectation is, probably our competition did better at the mid-range than us. Certainly at 28-nanometer, we did much better at the high-end and probably I am guessing a push in the low-end.
Deepon Nag: Sure. It seems like your competitor was able to gain some share, like you said versus even Stratix products in telecom, applications with their mid-range product and now they have Arria 10. Do you think that you can potentially see some margin accretion by introducing a more cost-optimized part of that market? Maybe as another quick follow-up on that, are you seeing any kind of pause in the high-end in terms of design traction as customers kind of wait for Stratix 10 to ramp up.
John Daane: Yes. There will be some customers that will wait for Stratix 10 and we already have design wins for that. We provided software, customers are working on their products and design with that, so there are some customers that are heading in that direction, there are some that are working with 20. Honestly, there will be many that will continue to work with 28 that already well into the design. I think overall if you take a step back, it is not really about margin as much as it was competitiveness, so we now have a competitive product line up across the board, where previously perhaps the mid-range was an area that we were weak, but had a strong platform everywhere else. Now we are just strong across the board. Everything I tell you was even though we had a weak mid-range offering in 28-nanometer, we did not lose market share. In fact, we picked up market share overall as a company. I think when all that said and done well over 1%. We would expect that market share gain to continue this year and I think years in the future simply because whether it is 40 or 28 or 20 or now 14, we have a very, very strong product line up and we would expect our market share to continue to climb.
Deepon Nag: Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate.
John Daane: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to follow back up on wireless, you didn't see the pause that you were expecting, but then you kind of talked about a stable level for the next three quarters. Has that outlook changed? You are waiting some FTD deployments before. Is it the better way to look at it, just, you didn't see the seasonality and the flat; and it's, net-net, the same forecast? Or has that come down, your outlook for wireless?
John Daane: You may be confusing our comments with other companies' comments. We did not say we were waiting for FTD to take off. I think really what we were projecting is if you think of last year, last year was a very significant deployment by China Mobile there was a pickup towards the tail end of the year by the other two carriers, Unicom and Telecom in China. As I mentioned last quarter, we also saw growth in some developing countries with 3G. We did expect a pause this quarter, simply because we did not expect to ship anything to China Mobile this quarter and therefore that would carry the overall number down. What we are seeing is, increases in deployment for the FTD side as well as an increase in 3G this quarter over the prior. The wireless is actually up from where we saw. I think what we will see is eventually China Mobile will ramp later in this year and that may replace some of the 3G strength we see today. All told, we now see instead of a dip in the first quarter and return to growth in wireless in second, which was original plan that will see actually a fairly smooth wireless number at lease for the next several quarters.
Blayne Curtis: Great. Then on Telecom you saw a material decline in December, are you still looking for growth for the calendar year, and is that dependent upon you mentioned new ramps, but are you also expecting the end market to pick back up? Thanks 
John Daane: Yes. We are expecting both…
Blayne Curtis: Okay.
John Daane: Not this quarter, so we are expecting telecom to be fairly flat this quarter with the fourth calendar quarter, but grow in Q2 and thereafter.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thanks.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: Our last question in the queue comes from Mr. William Stein of SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thank you for squeezing me in. Two quick questions, first, can you remind us how quickly the new nodes have tended to ramp in the past and whether you think that pattern is going to continue with regard to 20-nanometer in '14?
John Daane: I think the pattern is very similar to what we have seen in the past. Usually, the first two years you get prototype and some preproduction. Years three, four and five, you see very strong growth. The one difference I would say that we have seen over the last couple of nodes over the ones from the early 2000s, is the peak ends up being farther out, so we were seeing year four, maybe year five, 10 years ago would be the peak. If you look at 40-nanometer, you are into six, seven starting get to the peak, so I think we are seeing these nodes last longer. That will probably be a trend that would continue. Now, what will create some difference in a particular product is obviously the ASPs. Higher end products with higher ASPs can give you some float faster than for instance, the Max 10 family where the ASPs are very low. On the other side of the coin the higher end products also will wrap little slower that the lower end once, but overall I mean when you look at the charts that we presented, I think the thesis is intact.
William Stein: Okay. Then one more, this has not come up, I do not think, but and I do not think foreign exchange effects you meaningfully at all, but I wonder if you are seeing any impact from customer purchase or planning perspective from either the significant fluctuations we have seen in foreign exchange or oil in any of your end markets?
Ron Pasek: We do most of our business in dollars. We do however carry on the balance sheet some non-dollar currencies, but honestly we really do not see a lot of impact. We saw a little bit of impact to the yen, but it is not material, so you won’t hear me talk about it as...
William Stein: Okay. Oil, and in particular in terms of customers order patterns, any effects there? Thanks.
Ron Pasek: No. Not that we can tell no.
William Stein: Thank you.
John Daane: Thanks, William. With that being our last question, we should ramp up this call today. Before we do so, we have two conferences this quarter. We will attend the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference in San Francisco on February 12. In March around, the 2nd, we will present at the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference, also in San Francisco. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does end our conference today. On behalf of the Altera Corporation, we do appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Head of Intel Investor Relations Brian Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan Jim Cabello - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein C.J. Muse - ISI Group Vivek Arya - Bank of America Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets Mark Lipacis - Jefferies 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Henninger, Head of Intel Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir. 
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Jamie. And welcome everyone to Intel’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you’ve not received both documents, they are available on our investor website intc.com. I’m joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we’ll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to investor our website intc.com. And finally, I’d like to remind everyone that we’ll be hosting our annual investor meeting here in our Santa Clara headquarters on Thursday, November 20th. If you have questions about the event or logistics, please contact Investor Relations. So with that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. Our third quarter results were consistent with our expectations and included a number of important milestones. Revenue and earnings per share both set new records with strong performances from the PC and the Data Center groups. The trends we observed in the PC market last quarter continued the stability in mature markets offset by ongoing declines in emerging markets. The PC Client Group launched Core M, a new family of products with full core performance in both compute and graphics in a fanless design, enabling breakthrough designs and form factors. The first of these systems will be available by the end of this month. In the Data Center, we saw double-digit revenue growth across all four major market segments. Enterprise grew 11%; networking grew 16%; and HPC; and cloud service providers grew 22% and 34%, respectively. We also launched the new Xeon E5 processor, formerly known as Grantley. This product family provides leadership, features and performance for compute; storage and network workloads. Formally launched just five weeks ago, E5 is already 10% of our DP or two-socket volume. In the Mobile and Communications Group, losses declined sequentially and that’s the trend we need to see continue. Tablet volume was nearly 15 million units and we remain on track to our 40 million unit goal for 2014. Third parties estimate that we are now the second largest tablet [assesses] vendor worldwide and the largest among merchant suppliers. In addition, Samsung chose our Cat6 LTE modem with carrier aggregation known as the 7260, which recently announced Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4. The strategic importance of these capabilities continues to grow. Our LTE technology, which we originally developed for phone is becoming increasingly valuable in tablets and even PCs as wireless wide area network connectivity becomes increasingly common. We estimate for example that by 2018 the rate of baseband attached to tablets will roughly double and that PCs will rise to more than 15%. Overall we’ve made some good progress during this quarter. Yet, we have an important work left to do. Within our factory network 14-nanometer yields improved meaningfully, but we’re behind where we expect it to be. These challenges highlight just how difficult it has become to ramp advanced process technology. I’m most pleased that our strategy for growth is beginning to yield results across a remarkably wide range of products. We sold record volumes of PC, server, Internet of Things, phone and tablet products. The diversity and scale of our products uniquely position us across the breadth of devices that competes and connects. Importantly, our results demonstrate that we are building on our success in the PC and Data Center segments to successfully pursue adjacent opportunities. These businesses are the source of tremendous intellectual property and that IP creates valuable and important synergies that position us to compete in an increasingly diverse computing market. Let me share a few examples. At IDF, I showed the world’s thinnest tablet. A Dell Venue with Intel RealSense technology. It has an industry first 3D camera that enables features like after effect focusing and a host of capabilities that have the potential to change how people engage with their photography. That technology was first developed for PCs and was adapted for tablets. In this case we’re in a position to differentiate in tablets precisely because we invested in next generation technology for PCs. Another example of IP synergy is the Atom microarchitecture. We first brought Atom to market as an extension of the PC product family. We’ve purposely evolved that IP to the point that it now spans from smartphones to tablets and mainstream PCs and from storage, networking and compute devices in the data center to the Internet of Things. Lastly I’m excited about the moves we’re making to engage the ecosystem in new and potentially disruptive ways. We’re establishing our position and capabilities in emerging sectors like wearables before they become mainstream. The data center team is customizing our Xeon products for specific customers and workloads. Custom SKUs now number roughly 35 and over the last year volume from custom SKUs has grown at 3x the rate of our off the shelf product. And we’re also striking groundbreaking strategic agreement. Our recently announced collaborations with Rockchip and more recently, Spreadtrum will provide new sources of innovation and a new set of partners that will work with us to scale Intel architecture. Our vision is that if it’s smart and connected, it’s best with Intel. The breadth of our results this quarter, our progress against our strategic goals and the changes we’re making in our approach to end markets, leaving convinced that our strategy is working. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy. 
Stacy Smith: Thanks Brian. The third quarter was the highest revenue in the company’s history with overall results demonstrating solid financial growth as we approach the end of this year. Focusing on our third quarter results, revenue came in at $14.6 billion, up 8% from a year ago. Both the PC Client Group and the Data Center Group achieved better growth than we expected at the beginning of the quarter. PC Client Group revenue was up 9% from a year ago. We saw PC Client Group platform unit volumes growth 15% year-over-year and inclusive of tablets, we saw almost 30% unit growth. Of note, our notebook platform units grew over 20% year-over-year as we are enabling innovative two-in-one devices and growing our market segment share with Bay Trail at lower price points. Our Data Center Group revenue grew 16% from a year ago with platform volumes up 6% and platform average selling prices up 9%. We are seeing robust growth rates across all the segments of our Data Center business. Operating income for the third quarter was $4.5 billion, up $1 billion and 30% from a year ago. Operating income in the PC Client Group was $4.1 billion and in the Data Center Group operating income was $1.9 billion. The Mobile and Communications Group had $1 billion of loss which is an $81 million improvement from the second quarter. The company generated $3.3 billion of net income for the third quarter, up 12% from a year ago. And earnings per share was $0.66, up 14% from a year ago. Our net inventory levels rose modestly quarter-over-quarter as we are efficiently managing capacity while ramping Broadwell and 14-nanometer. The worldwide PC supply chain appears to be healthy with inventory levels appropriate in anticipation of the fourth quarter retail cycle. Moving to gross margin, third quarter gross margin of 65% was up 0.5 point from the second quarter and down 1 point from our guidance. The increase from the second quarter was primarily due to lower platform unit costs on 22-nanometer and higher platform volume, mostly offset by higher production costs on 14-nanometer products. Spending came in at $4.8 billion, $100 million lower than our outlook. The overall decrease in spending was driven by efficiencies and one-time events like capital asset sales, partially offset by higher profit dependant expenses. The business continues to generate significant cash with over $5.7 billion of cash from operations in Q3. We purchased $2.4 billion in capital assets, a $1.1 billion in dividend and repurchased over $4 billion of stock. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was roughly $16 billion, down approximately $1.7 billion from the prior quarter. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt, is approximately $2 billion, and inclusive of our other longer term investments, it is more than $6 billion. This is down by almost $2 billion from the second quarter. As we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2014, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $14.7 billion, up 1% from the third quarter. This forecast is in line with the historical average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range for the fourth quarter to be 64%. The one point decrease from the third quarter is driven by higher platform unit costs, higher factory start-up costs, primarily offset by lower production costs on 14-nanometer. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are seeing our strategy play out in our financial results. In the third quarter, we grew revenue 8% and grew operating profit 30% versus last year. We also shipped over 100 million units for the first time in our history across a widening range of devices. In the Client segment, we are seeing robust growth in the PC segment as a result of innovation and enabling lower price point. We have grown to be the largest merchant supplier of tablet silicon and we are winning large designs at our LTE communications product. And our Internet of Things business is ramping out its products and growing. In the Data Center, we continue to innovate our products; bring increased differentiation and value to our customers. And underlying all of this is our manufacturing leadership. We have led the world to 14-nanometer and plan to do the same with 10-nanometer process technology. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Alright. Moving on to Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Jenny, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Congrats on the strong results. So, one bigger question then a smaller picture one for my second follow-up please. On the bigger picture one, your units in the PC Client Group being up 15% year-over-year, can you talk a little bit about what do you think is driving that in the PC market that I think most of the third party data provider says is flat? And do you think that delta can actually stay that large for a bit longer?
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy, I’ll take and I’ll start it and I think Brian will fill in some of the colored commentary about what we’re seeing in the end markets. So yes, we’ve seen some of the third party data. When you adjust for some of the other form factors like Core-based tablets and things I’d say our view of the end market compared to say in IDC isn’t terribly different in terms of growth rate, we would both say it’s relatively flat year-on-year in the third quarter. In terms of our billing results, I think there is couple of things driving that. First, we saw in Q2 that we gained a relatively significant amount of share once everybody had reported. If I had to branch predict, let’s say we probably continue to gain some share in Q3, as is for usual, we’ll wait to see all the third party results come in to know for sure, but our sense is that we gain some share in the third quarter so that helps. And then we’re also seeing our customers putting in place a normal supply line an anticipation of consumer led seasonal fourth quarter and that’s different than what we saw a year ago where people were managing inventory levels very low in anticipation of a very muted fourth quarter. So, I think the combination of those two things does our billing results ahead of the IDC, but feels like it’s pretty appropriate based on what I say.
Brian Krzanich: I think Stacy you covered it well, I think from what we’ve seen probably it covers most of the gap between the two numbers.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. And I guess as my follow-up well it’s not really meaningful to the revenue side it’s really is to the bottom-line and that’s for mobile and communications group. Can you talk a little bit about how we should expect that Concur revenue impact the trend overtime? And I believe in the past you said that you didn’t think you’d get to profitability next year, but any sort of clues that you can provide on how we should expect either the revenue or the profitability to trend as we get into next year? Thank you.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. I’ll start and then Stacy can kind of jump in because how you look at kind of how we’re adjusting the products in engineering is a little bit ahead of where you see the financials move. And so we’ll give you another two sides of that equation. So from a product standpoint, you saw throughout this year we did a very good job of as we figure out how to get into this market and work with our customers and partners, how to reduce the cost just on the general bomb picking the right -- the right board layout. So reducing our product count all of those kinds of just fundamental engineering efforts is what we focused on. As we got to the end of the year then we had brought out the Bay Trail cost reduce part which is really focused on -- the first part that was really focused on this segment of the market. We’re starting to see systems come on to the shelves as we go through the holiday season with Bay Trail CR and that part will start to have really a designed in cost reduced effort. We said that we’d have SoFIA, the 3G version out at the end of this year. We’re on schedule. We’ve got SoFIA in the labs running; we are studying its validation effort. We said we’d have SoFIA LTE in the first half of next year. That’s on schedule. And then we announced several partnerships; two main ones, Rockchip and then more recently Spreadtrum which are focused around the SoFIA architecture bringing parts for this mobile space really designed by people who are in that ecosystem are very cost efficient and are connected into both the China market and the worldwide market. You’ll see those parts come out as we go to next year. So when we look at the end of next year, we’ll look how the model SoFIA has built to have no contra revenue. And so when you go through the next year, again, it will be somewhat mixed dependant as our product shift the mix and seasonal Stacy will talk to you a little bit about that, that’s why it’s a bit hard to predict exactly when. But you will see us mix Bay Trail cost reduce Cherry Trail and then a lot of SoFIA coming in, in both the tablet and phone space and that really is what drives the contra kind of out of this system.
Stacy Smith: Yes. So Ross let me just -- as Brian said, the way the contra accounting works, the contra dollars that we recognize are associated with that platforms as they actually ship. And so what you’re seeing right now is the majority of our shipments, our products that are carrying a fairly high contra dollar per unit. As we ramp the Bay Trail CR and then the SoFIA products, you’ll start to see the contra dollars per unit come down. I’m not going to provide a specific forecast at this time for 2015; I’ll stand-by in the prior statements. We plan to make a substantial improvement in the profitability of the segment next year, but don’t get too far ahead of your SKUs. We’re not at a point that we’ll be profitable next year, it is still our goal, but it will take a little time to get there.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Barclays.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Hey thanks for taking my question and nice quarter. Stacy I just want to follow-up, you talked about the more normal kind of supply chain this year and helping Q2, Q3. You’re actually not guiding to down December, so it seems like you’re staying at that elevated rate. I mean just some thoughts on seasonality; you also have Broadwell kind of launches in a typical point of year. Is there any sort of catch up before you kind of ramp Broadwell into late first half next year?
Stacy Smith: So I want to make sure I’m answering the right question. You had one question on seasonality and I’m not sure I understood the Broadwell question. So, let me go to the seasonality and I’ll give it back over to you or if you want to clarify it now, that’s also fine.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital:  I just was wondering out that you are launching a platform that kind of usually you launch it for back-to-school and holiday and it’s coming -- the majority of the Broadwell clearly is coming kind of in the first half of the year. So it’s just say a typical timing, so just thinking about seasonality. And then I just wanted to kind of clarify your comments; you kind of said that supply chain was building ahead, but it doesn’t seem like it’s pulling back, particularly much in Q4 just thought there.
Stacy Smith: Yes. So just to clarify on the supply chain and seasonality for Q4, I wouldn’t term it as building ahead, what I’d say is appropriate amount of inventory in anticipation of a seasonal Q4. And if you go back here to Q3 of 2013, if you recall we are tracking about usually low inventory levels based on our customers, I think I used the word muted, having muted expectations about the fourth quarter. Today, I’d say they have kind of normal expectations about the third quarter. And so -- and our guidance for Q4 would be consistent with that. We’re guiding 1% up, if you take midpoint of our guidance that’s kind of the seasonality we’ve seen over the last several years. So it’s pretty much in line with normal seasonality. In terms of Broadwell and the impact of 2015 seasonality, I’m not providing a forecast yet for 2015; we’ll talk more about 2015 when we get to the Investor Meeting which is just a few weeks away.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the gross margin given your full year guidance, you were looking at a step down in December and now it looks like the gross margin sustains quite nicely. Just what changed in that outlook and does any of those factors carry into first half of next year?
Stacy Smith: Yes, so the -- as you rightly pointed out, the gross margin forecast for the year is pretty much on; we were a little light in Q3, we look a little better in Q4 based on the algebra that I gave you on the last call. In essence, we’re seeing more of the 14-nanometer cost coming through in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter and that’s why you see that shift between quarters and the year staying on track. And again, it sounded little bit like a broken record. In terms of 2015, we’re only a few weeks away from the Investor Meeting and that’s a great forum for us to talk about longer-term trend. So, we’re going to hold off on the 2015 questions until we get to the November Investor Meeting.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question comes from Harlan Sur from J.P. Morgan.
Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. DCG was up strongly in Q2 and again here in Q3 up 16% year-over-year strong growth in all end markets. Do you expect the breadth of spend to continue across the different customer base in Q4? I know cloud tends to be a bit lumpy. And then do you expect to see continued double-digit growth in DCG in the fourth quarter?
Brian Krzanich: Sure, this is Brian. I think what we said was, we believe we can grow this business around 15% year-over-year. And you kind of framed it correctly that we do especially in the cloud space it tends to be lumpy, but if you take a look at what we’re projecting for the fourth quarter, we’re projecting right in line for that 15% for the year and it’s got the normal mix of what we see across the enterprise and the cloud and HPC and other data centers. So, we’re expecting Q4 to kind of just progress from Q3 and we’re not changing our forward-looking what we believe we can grow this business as.
Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan: Great. And then -- thank you for that. And then I guess part of the reason for the lower gross margin profile in the fourth quarter is the ramp of 14-nanometer across multiple fabs. I think you said on the last call, it takes a couple of quarters to ramp up for full manufacturing capability after which time you would see ramp cost starting to come down. Is that how you still see it? 
Stacy Smith: Yes. I think I said you see highly elevated cost for a couple of quarters then it starts coming down, but it takes a period of time for it to come down. That’s the normal trend. We’re certainly seeing those elevated costs in Q3. You can see it in the gross margin anytime. You’ll still see high sell-through costs of those products are selling through in the fourth quarter. In 2015 I’ll get a lot more specific on some of the unit cost trends next month at the investor meeting. 
Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you. 
Stacy Smith: Thanks Harlan. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Cabello from Goldman Sachs. 
Jim Cabello - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Thanks so much. I appreciate it. You guys referenced the opportunity for consumer buying in the fourth quarter. We saw a really good demand in the third quarter from consumers driven by the new products that you and Microsoft combined introduced. There were great new products and the consumer uptick of them is very good. Do you think that impacts the fourth quarter versus third quarter buying at all? And then I’ll kind of make my follow-up as part of this question. Do you see the iPhone 6 cannibalizing any kind of a notebook demand just given the price points are the same; obviously the functionality isn’t the same. But given that most of the top 10 selling notebooks are right around that same price point as the notebooks. Do you think there is any cannibalizing going on there as you get to the fourth quarter; is that part of the guidance? Thanks a lot. 
Brian Krzanich: Let me start just on a kind of a general basis and Stacy can jump in. I’d say in general again we’re predicting, we’re forecasting a fourth quarter that’s seasonal. So what we saw in the third quarter approximately 1% growth as we go into the fourth quarter, which is pretty typical if you go back over the last three years of what we see Q3 to Q4. So we’re seeing that same trend in consumer kind of being flat. It’s a normal years of performance whole through the fourth quarter. Your question about iPhone 6, no, we don’t really see, but typically we see a separation in that space between consumers going out and buying phones versus PCs. And as you say, there is a big difference in the functionality and usage models between those two. And I think people when they want the usage model and the functionality of the PC, they look at that cost. And as you said, it’s very similar cost. I didn’t say this is a really good value for the functionality on getting it, we typically haven’t seen a cost between those two for the demand standpoint.
Stacy Smith: Can I just comeback and always you had big question. I don’t think we saw extraordinary consumer demand in the third quarter. If you go back to the strength of end markets, I think we’re pretty aligned with the third-party, it was pretty flat. From an end market standpoint, it was pretty flat. We didn’t see anything unusual there. What we saw was some share gain, which caused us to have a nice bump in billings and we saw kind of a normal amount of inventory being put in, in the system relative to last year at the same time right before managing inventory levels low. So, I’d term it more stable PC markets and people betting on a normal consumer fourth quarter.
Jim Cabello - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thank you. Congratulations.
Stacy Smith: Sure.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on the strong quarter. First question is for Stacy. Stacy when you look at the revenue in the PC Client Group, I think year-to-date you’re up about $1.1 billion and your operating profits are up I think about twice that. I’m just wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you’re doing in OpEx in that business around profitability and I guess how much more do you have left to drive profitability in the core PC Client Group?
Stacy Smith: So I’ll answer the question with regards to this year and again I’ll probably hold off on the discussion about ‘15 until we get to the investor meeting. But I think what you see going on this year is probably three things that are all contributing to the operating profit. First, they’ve got a great product portfolio. And so when you look at where we’re seeing growth, we’re seeing nice growth in kind of the Core i5, i7 segments of the market. And then we’ve brought in some really good technology that’s got a good cost structure at the low-end of the market that gives them a nice cost structure and allows them to go after a unit growth. So I think this really all starts with the product portfolio. Adding to that I think we have a couple of tailwinds on gross margin in 2014. Our 22-nanometer processors are just spectacular. And we’re at the low-end of the cycle in terms of how much start up cost flows through and PC Client Group picks up the majority of those. And I also think the leadership of that team has done a nice job of prioritizing investments. So we’ve been making investments in the new areas where Brian and I thought it was pretty important. And so they’ve had a bit of a constrained budget. And I think they’ve done a nice job of bringing out technology that really helps our business while prioritizing within a pretty constrained budget. So that’s what happen in ‘14 and ‘15 discussion will be part of their investor meeting next month.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: That’s helpful Stacy. And as my follow-up for Brian, Brian you guys have been talking about a stabilizing PC market for the last couple of quarters, but over the last couple of quarters you’ve been laying a little more heavily on developed versus developing and corporate versus consumer. When you look at kind of the Q3 results and especially on the ASP line and your guidance for Q4, is this just seasonal consumer strength or do you actually think that both in the developed and developing market, you can now start talking about turning a corner relative to tablet cannibalization and perhaps PC stabilization in emerging market consumer?
Brian Krzanich: I think what we would phrase this as or what we did phrase this as is, it’s seasonal. And so we’re not saying that there is -- in fact we said that the consumer we believe is flat. There is seasonal growth as we move into the fourth quarter. We’re still seeing that mature versus emerging market trends that we talked about in the previous quarters where the mature markets are a bit stronger, the U.S. especially, Western Europe though as well and the emerging markets China, Latin America and some of the others are still soft. And so those trends are continuing. And when you look at the consumer as we go into the fourth quarter, we’ve forecasted a seasonal growth for the consumer side.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks guys. Congratulations again.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. I wonder if I could just push a little bit more on the gap between sort of 15% unit growth versus the market. I think you attributed it to three factors to share gains to the core base tablet and to the inventory environment a year ago. Which of those factors do you think is most important just because of such a wide gap between the numbers?
Stacy Smith: I actually think they’re all sizeable numbers and it’s not unusual for us to have those kinds of differences from the third parties. I think coming back to the prior question we’ve had sustained share gains I think over a period of time, so it’s probably a slightly larger number and then kind of a normal amount of inventory you put in the system, you do that math with the third element being the core base tablets which I think is going to be relatively smaller. 
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just so I understand the tablet differential, if it’s got anything that has a Bay Trail M or Core is considered a PC unit the way that you’re classifying, is that right? 
Brian Krzanich: It’s more the Core. So products that have a core, I used the Microsoft surface as a great example, we classify that in a PC side. 
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Got it.  
Brian Krzanich: That’s probably the cleanest example. 
Stacy Smith: And IDC would classify that in a different category. So that’s adjustment you’ll always have to make. I’d also say there is a piece. We tend to have a difference with the third parties on an ongoing basis. And I think it comes down to the breadth of tracking in the white box deep in the emerging markets, the tier 3 tier 4, very hard to get your arms around that holistically. And so we tend to see over long periods of time, we have a slightly higher billing number, the nature of the market number and thus we can tell it’s just hard to get your arms around the diversity of the market when you get into white box channel in emerging markets. So that’s always going to be a difference between them. 
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein. 
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I am sorry to harp on it but I want to go back to this as well. So I understand you’re saying for your own business you think consumer is kind of seasonal and I guess flattish for the year in Q4 but obviously you must -- you and I guess your channel partners must be expecting a much bigger ramp of consumer in Q4 given how much inventory you must have built in the channel in Q3. So I guess how do you get comfort that that consumer sell-through is going to be there in Q4 and what’s going to be the consequence if that consumer sell-through is not there? Is the corporate uptake still there; is that going to be enough to offset or like how do we I guess judge the potential scenarios around consumer demand in Q4 and the sensitivity of your guidance around that?
Stacy Smith:  Well, that’s a lot of different questions in one. Let me take a short here though. I’d say first inventory -- this is Stacy by the way and Brian will jump in. But I think the inventory levels, what we see is when you look at it in terms of weeks of inventory, it’s appropriate levels of inventory, it’s kind of right in the range of what we’d expect. So you termed it as excessive inventory; I think we’re not seeing that. As always, if demand doesn’t materialize, then customers adjust their buying pattern and bring inventory levels down. But what we see is kind of normal levels of inventory and it’s sufficient with seasonal Q4 that’s what our customers think will happen and that’s I think what we think will happen in terms of our seasonal results. You also had a question on consumer versus enterprise and the strength of enterprise, I’ll let Brian talk about those market trends.
Brian Krzanich: Yes, in fact, I’d just take it back to the inventory comments as well. We do what I believe is a really good job of watching our whole supply chain from below us looking at things like the motherboard ordering pattern at the OEMs in Asia and what’s happening there is really the pulls from our inventory hubs and a lot of our -- more than half our product ships out hub now and we actually control the inventory on it, so the OEM pulls it at the last moment of use. So we see the actual usage rates there. Two what’s flying out the shelves at the point of sale? So we’re watching all of those and I think we’ve demonstrated in the past back in the variety of market moves, we’ll react very quickly. So as Stacy said, current inventory is very typical for this 1% seasonal growth that we’re forecasting for the fourth quarter and I’m comfortable and I’m also even more comfortable that we’ll be watching it. And if something did happen, we can adjust in either direction. The comment about consumer versus enterprise, as we said, we forecasted a standard seasonal consumer. So, we’re expecting not a great holiday season, not a bad holiday season, a standard holiday season for the consumer in the PC segment. We continue to see enterprise strength that’s shifting; it was strong in desktops earlier in the year, it’s kind of moved to notebooks as we move to the second half of the year as some of the markets that shifted a little bit, but overall the enterprise all the way from large enterprise to small and medium businesses stayed fairly strong through this year, still seeing mature market versus emerging markets trend, mature being stronger than the emerging. But those trends have stayed and we’ve just forecasted a seasonal consumer. So, I’m pretty comfortable with where we’re at and I think we’ve got the right tools in place to watch this.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Got it. So my follow-up, let me ask the question a different way then. How much the weeks of inventory in the channel go up in Q3 to keep -- to bring them to levels that you would now classify as sort of healthy and appropriate for the Q4 patterns that you’re talking about?
Stacy Smith: I’m going to hold up on quantifying that Stacy, but I’d say we look at a range of inventory in terms of forward looking weeks and we’re well within the normal band with that range. So, we’re not seeing a thing that’s out of the day.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse from ISI Group. 
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for the next question. I guess first question, curious in terms of whether your guidance changed at all in the last two to three weeks given macro concerns, decline in commodity prices, weakness Europe et cetera. Anything in terms of your guide changed with the vision, the seasonality maybe something little better would love to hear your thoughts?
Stacy Smith:  No, I mean the only guide we provided is the one we provided a couple of hours ago. So, we watch the markets all the time. I think if your question is have we been kind of showing and doing something (inaudible) seeing some of the like the microchip results and things like that we did, we’re not seeing anything that’s unusual out there. So again, it’s not a surprising forecast for Q4, it’s kind of seasonally up on the back of a more or less seasonal Q3.
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: That’s helpful. And I guess as my follow-up question, to your specific comment on operating leverage, if we go back to your initial guide for the year at flat revenues and now up around 6% at the midpoint of your guide, during that same time you’ve grown your OpEx by 5% and in your prepared remarks you talked about IP synergy, curious how we should think about operating leverage going forward.
Stacy Smith: Yes. It’s a long-term, short-term phenomenon that we’ve talked about and we will absolutely go into this more in November but we’re still committed, Brian and I are still committed to bringing our spending as a percent of revenue down. We will be down a little bit, this year just by dent of the increase in revenue. On the flip side, this is very much a transitional time for us and we’ve been making some incremental investments over the course of the last year in areas where we felt like we needed to generate a long-term return. So, we’re glad we’re able to bring it down a little bit, particularly the back half of 2014 is better than the first half. We’ll continue to bring it down, thought we knew we were doing during a time where we were making some elevated investments that we felt we needed to make. 
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: Very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.  
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about the carrier certification and some of the competitive landscape you’re seeing in LTE base bands? And I guess the bigger question Brian there is that other than this rollup off the tablet, their contra revenues; are there other actions you can take to reduce losses in the mobile division? 
Brian Krzanich: Sure. Let me try and answer your question. There is I believe two questions kind of built in there. The first was around where are we with certifications on our LTE, so where are we relative to our LTE roadmap? What I would tell you is our 7260, as you heard has had several design wins. We’ve publicly said two of them with Samsung. There are others in the works that we’re working on right now. As far as certifications with the carriers, we’ve begun certifications across the world. And you will see the systems in almost every geography, as they come out. We’ve been shipping with a variety of products throughout this year in a variety of other markets especially in Asia. So, we feel fairly strong; we also see there is only -- there is only two people out shipping Cat6 LTE modems right now and we’re one of those two. So we feel good about our roadmap, roadmap moving forward, going beyond Cat6 that we feel is highly competitive and keeps us at or near the leading edge. So from a modem standpoint, we feel very strong right now. You asked, is there other things that we can do to reduce our MCG spending, I think there is. If you take a look at what we’re driving on our phone strategy, we’re really driving a strategy that rather than pull and push on our own into the phone space, we’re really going with strong partners that are in that space already and have the linkages and the customer relationships. And really that spectrum is the most I’d say perfect example of that where they’re strong in China, they’re strong in other parts of the world, they are great supplier to several of the OEMs. And us bringing our SoFIA platform, our base I8 along with modem technology and then over time we’ll likely come into our silicon as well. That gives us them and them a competitive advantage and a cost advantage we believe and a way to get into those markets very cost effective efficient way.
Stacy Smith: If I could add one thing, I think Brian is talking about -- the first step is great product, second step is getting the right investment level. And I think one of the things you’re seeing from and in the company is a lot of innovation in terms of how we go to market. There is a third piece here too which is I think increasingly we’re going to see that the IP that we’re creating for the mobile group is useful and in fact becomes a competitive advantage across the breadth of our product line. And Brian talked in his prepared remarks, if as we think happens over time more of the computers of the world, the notebook computers of the world are connecting via Wireless LAN and we’re one of the companies that has that IP, there is a lot of company synergy associated with us investing and leading in that technology?
Brian Krzanich: I think that’s a great point. You’re going to need those modems in IOT. We’ve said that roughly 15% of the PCs in a couple of years will need them. And then there is synergy, we’re going to find in even down in this space bring some of that innovation and IP like the RealSense cameras and all the way through the mobile space as well which will help us differentiate our products and working with our partners allow them to differentiate as well.
Mark Henninger: Operator, we’re going to take two more questions, if you can go ahead and introduce the next questioner please?
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Freedman from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, thanks so much for allowing me to ask you question and congrats on the strong results as well. If I could dig in a little bit on what’s going on in your tablet goal, it does seem I heard a 15 million number for the quarter that you shipped, that would mean that you need to ship actually I believe if I have added up right about 10 million next quarter. Does that mean that the subsidies have peaked in the third quarter or do you think you are going to exceed your tablet shipment goal by an equal amount?
Brian Krzanich: So, let me answer the question on volume and I’ll let Stacy talk about the subsidies. Your numbers are very close; you rightly hit about 15 million, we think got 10 million to 12 million for Q4. We’re not going to necessarily try and blow the number out, but we’re also not going to miss it by 1 million or 2 million. So, my guess is somewhere between 40 million and 45 million is where we’ll end up. Exactly where that is we’ll make sure we’re passed the 40, but not there is no need to go well above that. As we said that puts us the largest merchant supplier to the tablet business. And we’re really trying to move that space now as both our cost reductions but also differentiating with products like the Dell Venue which we believe is ph [unfinished]. And I have a lot of innovation with the first of the real subs; we have other products with our other OEM partners like Lenovo moving forward. I’ll let Stacy talk about what that means for our subsidies or our contra.
Stacy Smith: Yes. So the contra answer is a little bit complex, because keep in mind it has to do with both volume and the mix of what we’re shipping for the earlier answer to the question about the different platforms come with different subsidy dollars per unit. I’d expect net of all of that we’re going to see revenue results in the segment are not terribly dissimilar from what we saw in Q3 and then we’ll start to see reductions as we move into next year.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks so much. If I could for my follow-up, just one on some start up accounting. Clearly it did impact gross margin this quarter and your guidance, is there any color that you can offer us on sort of what your outlook is sort in the way in which you think you’re going to ramp 10-nanometer? It appears as though the 14-nanometer, the magnitude of ramp with the Broadwell platform is a little less than you might have expected as we entered the year. Is that something that you think might repeat on future nodes?
Stacy Smith: Yes. And apologies. This is Stacy, broken record Smith. I’ll talk more about gross margin trends for ‘15 next month when we get to the investor meeting. But you are seeing in the fourth quarter, you’re seeing the front edge of the startup cost associated with the 10-nanometer and that’s kind of right in line with the historical timing of what you’d expect. We’ll go through more excellent where we talk about how that might look over the next couple of years but we’re seeing at least the front edge at the time I think you’d expect and that’s about a point of gross margin next quarter.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks so much. I had to try. 
Stacy Smith: I understand.
Mark Henninger: Thanks Doug. Operator, if you could go ahead introduce our last question please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first question I had was on the tablet market. When you look at the units that you have shipped so far this year and as you look into what you’re expecting to ship next year, to what extent are the tablets that you’re shipping in to, are the Android versus Windows tablets? And has that played out differently than you expected that mix as Microsoft seems to have cut the price of the bundle of Windows and Office? 
Brian Krzanich: The mix of Android versus Windows has pretty much played out as we forecasted. Probably 80% plus Android did with ours’ mix represents pretty much what you see in the marketplace. So if you walk into any store. So, there hasn’t been really any shift that has been through. 
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. And then the second question if I may, there is a view out there that the PC growth that you’ve been seeing has been driven by mostly a Windows XP upgrade cycle. Could you update us on your thoughts on that topic? Do you feel better about the idea that’s not just Windows XP but rather innovation driving the demand? Thank you. 
Stacy Smith: Yes. This is Stacy. There is no data that’s going to prove the point one way or the other but based on what we see in our surveys, there is a variety of things that are causing people to go and upgrade their PCs. Certainly the Windows refresh is one of them. But it’s also form factors, it’s the age of the PCs and the price points, I think all of that is playing in. And I think when we look across the breadth of our SKUs and knowing which of those are going into, there is large enterprise, small and medium consumer, we get a sense that we’re seeing growth that’s more broadly been just something where people are upgrading Windows. I’d tell you the second part of your question in terms of where are we, we say in the back half of the year believe that the impact that we are seeing with XP is probably less than it was in the front half of the year but there is likely a pretty long tail that has some positive impact on the market for a while to come when you just look at the age of the install base and how many of those are now in support of supported operating systems.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thank you. It’s very helpful.
Mark Henninger: Great. Thanks Mark. Alright, thank you all for joining us today. Jamie, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Again, thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Wylie – Vice President-Investor Relations John P. Daane – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ronald J. Pasek – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital, Inc. Romit Shah – Nomura Asset Management John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC Joe L. Moore – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Earl Hege – RBC Capital Markets LLC Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Research Ruben Roy – Piper Jaffray Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James Christopher Rolland – FBR Capital Markets David M. Wong – Wells Fargo Securities LLC  
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Altera Corporation’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Scott Wylie. Please go ahead.
Scott Wylie:  Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera’s website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast or replay, please visit Altera’s Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820, and be sure to use code 258712. During today’s prepared remarks, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. After Ron and John’s initial remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald J. Pasek:  Thank you, Scott. Sequential revenue growth for the second quarter was 7% and above the top end of guidance. Q2 revenue represents the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth and it’s a 17% increase from Q2 a year-ago. Gross margin was spot onto guidance. 28-nanometer revenue grew to more than $70 million greater than 30% sequential growth rate and the new products were 53% of total revenue. Lead times for most products have improved, although we do continue to experience extended lead times on several notes. As we indicated last quarter, we are sampling our 20-nanometer Arria 10 product and are now experiencing a record opportunity pipeline. We stepped up the pace of our share repurchases in Q2 by repurchasing $197 million in the quarter, or 6 million shares at an average price of just under $33 per share. we are committed to a total repurchases this year in the $700 million range. Additionally, our board has authorized a 20%, or $0.03 per share increase in our quarterly dividend, making this the fifth consecutive year of a dividend increase. Between the share repurchase and dividend, we are on path this year to well exceed our 60% to 80% of cash flow from operating activity shareholder return target. In Q3, we see a sequential revenue growth of minus 2% to plus 2%. using the midpoint of Q3 guidance, Q3 year-to-date 2014 revenue will show growth of 13% over Q3 year-to-date 2013. gross margin will remain essentially unchanged from the previous two quarters. Finally, we will see 28-nanometer revenue continue to ramp in Q3 2014. Now let me turn the call over to John.
John P. Daane: Thank you, Ron. Our second quarter revenue growth was broad with nine of our 11 submarkets increasing sequentially. Of our large submarkets, telecom had double-digit growth and industrial group for the fifth straight quarter and is up 23% from a year ago. For the third quarter, we expect the telecom and wireless segment to be flat sequentially. The auto, industrial and military category should also be flat. the computer and networking category should grow. And finally, we expect the other category to decline. Our wireless growth has been a combination of China Mobile LTE deployment, LTE in U.S., Europe, South Korea and Japan, and 3G in several developing countries. In fact, almost all of our growth in wireless in Q2 was non-China related. Overall we believe that we are in the early innings of the global LTE deployment. As we said in the Q1 earnings call, we expect the wireless market to be flat for us in Q3. for the fourth quarter, we expect the wireless revenue will decline sequentially, as China mobile takes a pause in their network build out. It is far too early for us to call our other submarkets. So, at this time, we cannot provide any guidance on overall Q4 revenue. A few weeks ago, Microsoft announced Bing search acceleration results, using Altera FPGAs and detailed plans to roll out servers incorporating our chips in the first quarter of 2015. The server market is quickly becoming a much larger opportunity for Altera with acceleration applications, including search, encryption and compression, covering a broad number of data center and cloud build outs. Overall we believe computers should be the fastest growing market for us in the next several years. We are excited about the competitive position of our new generational products. Our Quartus EDA software system has the industry’s fastest compile times. With the Arria X 20-nanometer product line, we now have a very competitive midrange family. Additionally, Arria X is the only 20-nanometer product line with embedded microprocessors, a key for the wireless radio market among others. And finally, Stratix 10 with a combination of Intel’s 14-nanometer Tri-Gate process technology and our new HyperFlex architecture provides high-end customers with unparalleled FPGA performance levels, and most importantly, opens a larger swath of the ASIC market for us to replace. In summary, we are pleased with the broad end market growth in Q2 and our likely outgrowth of the semiconductor industry this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie:  We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time, so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Hey, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up on the comments in wireless. You said it would take correction in December. You are up quite significantly year-over-year. So I was just wondering if you were thinking of any magnitude on that correction.
Ronald J. Pasek:  We cannot provide a magnitude at this time. and I think, as we mentioned, if we just kind of roll through this whole thing, it has been up for us sequentially in Q1 and Q2. It will be flat in Q3, and then we expect at this point, it will be down in the fourth calendar quarter. We saw most of the growth in calendar quarter Q2 from non-China. So that’s very positive and that we’re seeing more than just China build outs, which we’re really feeling most of the wireless growth last year, but can’t really predict exactly what the number will be. The reason that we’re able to provide more guidance or longer-term guidance on wireless for the last couple of quarters is really, because of allocation that we’re seeing out of other products in the industry. So I think as you probably all know, power amplifiers have been on allocation for several quarters. That caused our customer base to react by putting long-term backlog on ourselves and others, in order to secure supply and then obviously they smooth that, based on when they were going to get power amplifier supply – power amplifier supply from several analog companies. So we've enjoyed several quarters of backlog in particular on wireless over the last several quarters, and that has provided more visibility. The good news additionally is the forecast in backlog and wireless in particular has been very stable. So, as they have been receiving power amplifier products they have also been taking our products at the rate that they had forecasted and at the rate of their backlog. We haven’t see much change. So at this point we can call a direction in Q4 to an extent there is still could be changes in that because there are other activities outside of China Mobile. Obviously China Telecom is now has a partial license to operate an FTP network. We would expect that to start picking up, we’ve also seen as I mentioned a lot of activity other markets. And I think as we see those puts and takes that may change the end result. But at this point we do expect it to be down. And so that’s – that hopefully gives you some indication as to what we see in wireless right now.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital:  I appreciate the color. And I wanted to ask you on the computing opportunity, you said it would be one of the fastest-growing opportunities. When would that start to ramp and is there any way to size that opportunity? 
Ronald J. Pasek:  We expect computer to be up strongly in the third calendar quarter and I think what you are going to see is there will be some choppiness associated with it because data center builds tend to be very concentrated and very quick, not necessarily be shipped to the same customer every quarter. And so there will be some choppiness, but I think when you look at it over the next several years. We would expected to grow considerably year-over-year and again, be our fastest-growing market over the next several years.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays Capital: Thanks so much.
Ronald J. Pasek:  Thank you, very much. Next question please.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Romit Shah of Nomura.
Romit Shah – Nomura Asset Management:  Thanks, hi John. Just back to China. Not that you haven't shipped a lot of volume, but I think just relative to expectations it has been a bit of a downer. And I just want to get your take on the LTE market here. Do you think that the build is largely over or, as you think about 2015, do you think this market can help you drive your top line? 
John P. Daane:  I think that’s if you look at LTE it’s still very early. Most of the – if you kind of go back two years we saw in the US AT&T and Verizon start their builds and then stopped for a period of time. But their builds are saturated. AT&T has the challenge of having a deep coverage in only a few areas and they need to build out their network more broadly across the country. Verizon, on the other hand has very broad coverage across the country but not very deep. So they both have quality issues and they are starting to spend again. Plus we see Sprint in North America picking up. So overall we see North America starting to pickup I mentioned Japan, South Korea, Europe is just starting. And really if you look at China so far most of the build has been only China Mobile. And if you look at China Mobile's TBS CDMA deployment that was five or six phases actually six they call the last one 5.1 and 5.2. But six phases over a number of years and I think what you are going to see out of China Mobile is, again, that sort of structure where they may halt for Q4 and then pick up sometime again next year with the next phase. And so we think we’re still early innings in LTE deployment. As I mentioned, we are also seeing 3G and to a small extent 2G pickup in developing countries as well. And so wireless certainly is a lot brighter for us right now. And we would hope has a lot of potential for us going forward as well.
Romit J. Shah – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.:  Thanks. Appreciate the color. Second question on gross margin, it looks like your 28 nanometer business is showing some increased momentum. You gain share in Q2 and it looks like, based on your guidance, that you will probably gain share in Q3. As 28 nanometers starts to become a more significant part of business what is the impact to gross margin? Is this something that – is this a trend that can help gross margins to get back to the midpoint of your target model??
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, I think. Romit, this is Ron. Yes, it is no different than any other node that starts to ramp. As you have seen early in the node the margins are a little depressed on the new products but as the margins mature, as those products mature they get a little better. So, I think that's fine.
John P. Daane:  I think if you look at, what we’ve seen this year is a lot of the growth for us has been for instance out of wireless and wireless, as we have mentioned in the past, has lower gross margin and some of the other market segments for us. As we get growth in some of the other markets we would expect that we do have margin expansion opportunity we are still very comfortable with our 67% to 70% range long-term. And that’s really product independent for us. Obviously, different markets will grow and ebb at different times, but with the right mix, we would be at the high end of the range and with the worst-case mix we feel comfortable at the low end of the range which is where we are currently today. Overall, back on 28 nanometer, I would say you are right based on what we've heard from the competition. We were roughly about 35% market share last quarter. We would expect to get close to about 40% market share this quarter. Our overall market share in FPGAs is only 38%. So anything equal or above that means we gained market share. And in part is part of the reason where, if you look at the first half actuals and the Q3 forecast, it looks likely that we would gain market share as a company this year in programmable logic. Thank you very much, next question please.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets:  Thank you, guys. Just to stick with 28 nanometer, John. If you could help us understand what is going on there. Clearly you guys were behind, Xilinx had the momentum and then Xilinx gave out a pretty large target for the year. And then we all heard what we did a couple of days ago. Is it as simple as you were small and the customer said hey, we can't be 70/30, we are going to normalize it back down to what it typically goes down to every node 55 in that range. Or was it something structurally different with your product or just where your designs were versus where the ramps were?
John P. Daane:  I think, we look at our product portfolio and we have talked about this before, we are fine at the low end. We have got a very competitive product, feature set and cost structure. We are advantaged in the high end. We have the highest performance. We had the best EDA to infrastructure and we are able to do very, very well at the high end. In the mid range we have a much slower product line both in terms of transceiver performance and core performance which was by specification and, unfortunately, the competition's product I think matches the market requirements better than ours. So if we kind of sum it up we are doing fine at the low end. We are not doing as well in the midrange. We are doing very, very well at the high end. All totaled we expect to have 50% plus market share of the overall node. However, as this node is growing, what came out of the gate fastest was the midrange because, to an extent, you saw the mid range integrated into radios and you’ve seen wireless pickup and, obviously, radios are a very high volume component and because our competition was stronger there, they got out of the gate much faster. The higher end is in application such as test and measurements, base station equipment, and wireless, telecommunications equipment. That takes a longer period of time to ramp because of the complexity of the system and the amount of software. And so what we’ve said is as the high end starts to ramp, we will start to close the market share gap, and you are seeing that happen real-time. And in fact, this quarter we would expect to be above our normalized overall market share of 38% versus our competition in FPGAs. And so that speaks, I think, well to the progress that we are making.
Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets: Okay and then a quick follow-up on the 14 nanometer. Could you just please remind us? Last quarter you said that tapeout was delayed by a quarter. What is the timeline for sampling and also for mass production? Thank you.
John P. Daane: So, schedule for our 14 nanometer product remains Q1 for our first production part tapeout which will sample roughly midyear to customers. We are now putting out software to some of our early access customers to start working with our new HyperFlex architecture. We did announce last quarter with Rohde & Schwartz, is a test we are manufacturing in Europe, that they were able to take a design and move it over to our architecture and realize twice the performance out of our new Stratix 10 product over competing or existing FPGAs. And that’s twice is – what we advertise and it is very, very exciting for us because this opens up a lot of new market opportunity. So everything remains on schedule for us and that is our current timeline. Thank you, next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks, let me ask the question. Congratulations on the strong results. John, I just want to focus in on the comps growth because if I go back over the last kind of four or five quarters and compare your growth to your nearest competitor, you guys are winning by a fairly wide margin. Now granted some of that is off of a smaller base, but even if I just look at absolute revenue added over the last four or five quarters, you are doing better and clearly your June quarter and September guide is a little bit different than what they put up a couple of nights ago. And I’m curious to what extent do you think this is just your geographic exposure being better than theirs right now versus real socket wins versus the LTE build out being more at 40 than 28? Can you help me understand kind of those factors?
John P. Daane: Sure. So I think the last four conference calls, I think I’ve been asked three times about will wireless, as an example, be only 28 nanometer or will it be other technologies deployed. And want I tried to explain on each of those is that based on when a piece of equipment was designed, and based on when it was qualified with the end customer, there will be a mix of nodes within – shipped in any wireless deployment. So I’ve mentioned that we fully expected that for instance in China that the deployment would be a mix of 65 nanometer, 40 nanometer, 28 nanometer and then ultimately a 60 falls off or 65 falls off, some of that would roll into 20 nanometer. And that’s very consistent with what we’ve seen over time, because base stations aren't redesigned every year. Usually, a base station is redesigned every three years to five years and depending on when it comes up for redesign and what the node is, they will select that node and then it will be in production for long time. And then radios are also quite different in that people are designing as many as 100 radios to 200 radios per year, given all the frequencies. And so there will naturally therefore be a mix of technologies in those. And that’s what we are seeing in this ramp. We are shipping 65, we are shipping 40, we are shipping 28. And next year, we’ll be ramping 20 nanometer as well, into these deployments. And so that's exactly what we’ve seen which is, again, what we’ve expected. But I think another way to kind of back into this is if you look at the revenue of programmable logic companies, typically from the time that you first deploy a product, it’s four or five years before you hit the peak. And then, there is a very, very long tail. And so, add its peak, any node for one of our companies maybe 30% to 35% of our revenues, but clearly doesn't dominate the total revenue of the entire corporation. And, again, that’s because your older products continue to ship in a lot of military communications, industrial applications. And so that’s why we see that mix. And I think that’s what is now evident is that it’s not all one process node. Even if it was just 28 nanometer, we’d still be doing quite well and if I go back to, for instance, what we said last November is we believe that we are number one in wireless. And so I think the performance that you are seeing of our company in the wireless sector versus our competitors and programmable logic, the reason that we are growing more and doing better as well as in areas like telecom is because those are markets for which we have the overall number one position.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC:  Then, John, the pause you talked about for China Mobile in December quarter, is that all – at all impacting your view of the timing around FTD, LTE? And help me understand that the relative size of that build to China Mobile in your opinion.
John P. Daane:  So, China Mobile’s build, they announced about 500,000 base stations that they would do between last year and this year and so we are shipping into that 500,000 base stations, right now. They have not announced how many they will do next year. There have been some reports, but nothing official. Nor have they done any commercial bids or commercial awards, which you’ve typically seen with each new phase that they will do. But it is expected that they are going to do another deployment and they have talked about that next year. On the FTD side, for China that is the technology for which China Telecom and Unicom want to deploy. Unfortunately for both of them, they were not granted a license until recently and, recently, they got a very limited license to operate in a subset of the major cities. So I think we'll see a pickup this year and it may go into early next year of maybe 100,000 plus base stations for China Telecom and Unicom. Perhaps it will get more because Telecom and Unicom, particularly Telecom are now behind China Mobile and losing a lot of subscribers. Now if you go into the other geographies, obviously FTD is doing very well in North America, South Korea, Europe, and Japan and we would expect that that business would continue to pickup. So you really if you were to go back a year, most of the growth, perhaps a year ago in wireless really for us was predominantly China Mobile. What we’ve done is we’ve added on a lot of other geographies both 3G and 4G. China Mobile will probably ebb a little bit in Q4, but again overall it’s a broader deployment now and it is something where we still feel we are very early in the overall equipment deployment for LTE.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC: Perfect. Thanks, John. It's very helpful.
John P. Daane: Thanks, John. Next question, please.
Operator:  And we will go next to Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joe L. Moore – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Great, thank you. Continuing on the competitive dynamic. Understanding the market share stuff that you just laid out, your competitors seem to have in retrospect a pretty big overbuild in the March quarter timeframe and they are kind of working that down in September and then may see it up in December. Can you talk about what might have triggered that, the difference between the two companies and if there is anything from a supply standpoint or from a procurement standpoint that’s driving the different sequential progressions?
John P. Daane: Joe, I cannot comment on our competitors at all. All I can tell you is what we see; we really had the wireless vendors’ pipeline, their orders for us, a long time ago, and they really spread it out based on what they thought they were going to get in terms of power amplifiers. There’s three companies that are shipping power amplifiers, there is another one bringing it up, the capacity build out was known for a very long period of time. We were not the long pole in the tent in any sense of the word. Even though, as Ron pointed out, last quarter, we did have some lead times expand that did not impact any of these wireless customers at all. They really pipeline the material based on the power amplifiers. Now they did that both on base stations, because that’s where the power amplifiers go, but also because of radios, because these are becoming a kit to the end customers. And so our backlog has been very stable in wireless and our expectations have been very stable, I can’t tell you why anybody else would see anything different. and I think our announcements are fairly similar to what I’ve seen out of, so far at least one of the power amplifier companies. In other words, what we’re seeing is what they’re seeing as well.
Joe L. Moore – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. That makes sense. And then with regards to server acceleration, I don’t know if you could talk to the Intel announcement that they’re going to have FPGAs in the same package as Xeon, but can you talk about the importance of that to the overall market and could that be something that makes this a bigger opportunity than if Intel weren’t getting directly involved?
John P. Daane:  Right. so I can’t comment on another company’s product or technology. So I would let you if – ask Intel as an example, about what they’re doing. But from our perspective, the reason that we see FPGA is becoming very important within the server market is really, because of the base factor two reasons. Number one is power consumption is the – or power is the number one spend for data centers now. And so many of these companies are looking at alternative technologies to lower their power, so that they can lower the overall cost to operate a data center, or a cloud data center. FPGAs can usually operate mathematics algorithms 10x rate of what you can do in a CPU, or greater that much lower power, and if you compare to GPUs, generally from a performance perspective, we’re on par as a GPU, but in order of magnitude at least lower power than a GPU. In order to really work in these applications, what we needed to do is solve the programming flow. In other words, you program an FPGA through RTL, Verilog or VHDL, but people programs servers to software C code. and so that’s why we did the development and uniquely, for Altera in the PLD industry, we did the development of a compiler that allowed our customers to go from open CL, which is a C-like parallel processing language down to our FPGA and hide the complexity of the FPGA. So the FPGA can now be added as a co-processor to the CPU and the server, and accelerate mathematics algorithms and lower total power consumption. And math algorithms are in areas like search. So search companies are very interested in this technology. Image compression or data compression and you can think of applications, we have a lot of photographs stored, or you’re sending a lot of data around is an area that you want to do that. Encryption, decryption is becoming very important for data centers, because of government intervention, and are trying to – people trying to grab other people’s data. So we’re seeing that as another area. and again, there are many others, if you go into financial; geological where people are looking at FPGAs to accelerate math algorithms. And so we think we’ve solved programming flow, we think we’ve got the great high-end FPGAs and Microsoft was one of the early announcements what we have there, but there would be others. and so I think this is now a fundamental technology, which is required for high-performance servers, and we should see our business start to build over the next several years.
Joe L. Moore – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
John P. Daane: Thank you, Joe. Next question, please.
Operator: And we will go next to Doug Freedman of RBC Capital Markets.
Earl Hege – RBC Capital Markets LLC: This is Earl Hege in for Doug. Congrats on the strong results and cash flow performance in the quarter. I guess my question is, does a 14-nanometer product with twice the performance open an unserved market for you guys? If so, what size do you think that market is? I guess, what are the incremental opportunities there?
John P. Daane: Yes. The most important thing it does is it opens up more of the market for us. If you look at prior generations, if you look at really, the last five generations, as we move our architecture forward in the new process technologies. We only get about a 20% performance increase in the core fabric. The I/O speeds have been going up much faster than, as we’ve gone to very, very high performance serial I/O. If you go back to several generations, we might have had a 1 gig LVDS buffer. We now have 28 gig transceivers that are operating in our chips and many of them. And so you now have the need to have a much higher performance fabric in order to really, not only keep up with where the telecom industry is going in terms of performance levels, but also there are a number of ASICs that are designed today and telecommunications and test equipment, and some military applications as examples, there are many others if I sat here and thought about where they need a much higher performance fabric than what the PLD industry has been able to offer. So because we’re making the shift, both with the true 14-nanometer technology, but we’re also making a very significant architectural change, which is unique, we’re going to be in a position, which we alone will be able to tackle more of the high density, high performance ASIC market. And the ASIC market is many times larger than the PLD market itself. So the more that we can open, the faster that we can grow. We haven’t outlined a specific size of that market opportunity that this opens, perhaps we’ll think about detailing that in the future. but again, the importance of this product really is, a) it positions us alone in the high-end segment with a very high-end, high-performance architecture, and the high-end is 50% of the overall PLD industry. And number two and most importantly, it opens up a much larger portion of the overall ASIC market for us to go attack and replace. Thank you very much.
Earl Hege – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
John P. Daane: Next question, please.
Operator: We will our take our next question from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA Research.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Thank you. John, just kind of taking a step back to 2010 during the 3G rollout. If I recall correctly, you guys had at least six or seven quarters of almost double-digit growth in your communications from the back of China 3G build. I understand there were other drivers as well, but I think China was a key driver. And if I compare the base station numbers from then to now, it does seem like the base station numbers now is actually much larger yet. we are not seeing that kind of growth. So what’s the difference? I mean my understanding is that your content in 4G base stations is actually higher, not lower. So what am I missing here?
John P. Daane: Well, I think if I go back, what you saw in 2010 was a very concentrated wireless build in several geographies. So we had China growing very, very strong with 2G and 3G. So it wasn’t just 3G, it was also 2G equipment GSM. And then we had North America doing a very strong build as well and some activity going on in Europe. If you go back to last year, we’re really – beginning of last year, there was almost no activity going on around the world, other than phases of builds for TDFC/DMA for China Mobile. So as we said last year we really felt that the first half of last year was a low for us in wireless, because we weren't seeing much activity at all around the globe in terms of deployments. Nevertheless we were still doing well in wireless just because of the ongoing maintenance and general activity that goes around build of an existing node or standard. If you go back to late last year, we really saw China Mobile start to pick up on 4G, and that was really for the most part the only activity that you were seen going on in China. U.S. and Europe were very quiet. Now, you are seeing a pick up of the U.S. seeing a pickup out of Europe, seeing a pickup out of developing countries to add to the activity that is going on in China. And that has pulled up the number faster. But overall if I were to compare 2007 with now, 2010 had a much more concentrated build across several geographies and a number of carriers and today it is a little bit more muted and probably therefore more spread out overtime.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Okay, fair enough. And then on the 28 nanometer, when do you think 28 will peak for the industry? And as we go to 20 how big do you think the 20 nanometer node will be? And also, Ron, if you can talk about the implications for gross margins as we go to 20. Thank you.
Ronald J. Pasek:  So, I don’t think 28 will be any different than 40 or 65. It peaks somewhere between your 5 and 6. I don't see that changing for 28 or 20 for that matter. Difficult right now to say on gross margin for a product we haven't actually broadly started shipping yet. But it certainly shouldn't hurt our gross margin picture.
John P. Daane: And I think if you look at 20 it will be different than 28. Because in 28, we did low-end and high-end. We are not as strong as we mentioned in the midrange. In 20 we are really doing a midrange family, it does extend a little bit into the high-end, but it is a midrange family. And then we will be doing 14 for the high-end. So if I were to compare 20 versus 28 probably 20 won't be as high because there is only one family in it. Overall, though that is probably not the right thing to look at – the right thing to look at is do you have the best product and I think our 20 nanometer midrange is extremely competitive. And we’re really going to be in a competitive advantaged and I mean very, very advantaged with the high-end which is half the industry. And then we are in a pretty good position with the low end. And in fact we didn't talk about this quarter, but we are introducing a new very low end FPGA family in Max 10. So I think we have got a really good product line up. And, we’re looking forward to expanding our market share going forward.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Okay, maybe one follow-up to Ron. Just looking at the OpEx for that next quarter guidance it looks like it is jumping a bit. What is driving that and then how should we think about it for – into Q4? Thank you.
Ronald J. Pasek:  I am not changing the full year guidance which I am holding at 740. Remember the one thing that’s a little lumpy typically are masks and wafers, so that is what you see next quarter is a couple of takeouts. 
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
John P. Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator:  And, we will take our next question from David Wong of Wells Fargo. We appear to have lost Mr. Wong. We will take our next question from Ruben Roy of Piper Jaffray. Thank you.
Ruben Roy – Piper Jaffray:  Thank you. John, I was wondering if you could maybe describe how you are seeing the design activity out there. In the wireless landscape, you guys mentioned with the 20 nanometer Arria X now potentially – well, you guys talked about a record opportunity pipeline and potentially the opportunity to participate in the radio cards. I am wondering, has the design activity around the wireless markets kept up?
John P. Daane: Yeah, the wireless activity is very aggressive, particularly, for radios, the radio complexity overall is lower than most pieces of equipment that we ship into. So their ability to redesign and they constantly are doing that for cost and power happens on the industry. So I think we are coming out with 20-nanometer has great performance as they move up the performance requirements, the processing they are trying to do lowers power a lot also lowers cost. So we think we are in a good position. Plus we have the microprocessors, BR microprocessors embedded in the chip. That’s unique to us and those are becoming very important in wireless and wireless radios. We are also seeing a lot of activity in base stations, in telecom equipments test and measurement equipments, military it’s a really good product and so right now that’s as Ron mentioned we’ve got a record pipeline of opportunities and we’re very excited as we’ve introduced this technology and product line. So we'd say, overall, the design activity is very robust.
Ruben Roy – Piper Jaffray:  Thanks, John. And a quick follow-up around the China market. A couple of weeks ago the three carriers formed a joint venture to potentially leverage some of the equipment that is on the ground. Do you think that is having any impact on – a pause on wireless at this point? 
John P. Daane:  No, the announcement really – if you read into it so far is about sharing towers for radios and if you look at the U.S. that’s no different from what you see in the U.S. several carriers are leasing either from one carrier room on a pole or third-party companies that have now been established that lease out space for your radios. And so that’s what they are doing right now is they are sharing space to put their radios. But they are not sharing radio equipment and they are not sharing base station equipment. And in fact, if you look out it on 3G all of them have different standards, so they are not going to share any equipment on 3G. And then on 4G, China Telecom and Unicom are sticking with their strategy to deploy FTD equipment only. And China Mobile is going to deploy TD equipment only. So there really is not an opportunity for them to share much equipment. So we don’t see that impacting the business today and I think it is unlikely that it would impact the business going forward.
Ruben Roy – Piper Jaffray:  Very helpful. Thanks John.
John P. Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator:  And we will take our next question from Hans Mosesmann of Raymond James. 
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James:  Thanks. Congratulations. Two questions, John. Your competitor mentioned a phase 3 aspect to China Mobile. Can you explain what that may be? Is that related to radios and not base stations? And the follow-on, can you comment on ASIC displacement that could be happening in certain segments of the programmable logic market over time? Thanks.
John P. Daane: So Hans, if you go back the TDFC/DMA what you would see China Mobile do is announce a phase and generally they had a phase every year where they would do a deployments and very quickly buy the equipment, do a deployment and then stop for a period of time before the next phase. And as I mentioned earlier they went through phases there were six phases the last one was 5.1 and 5.2 which were separate. So generally what you see is general. They will buy in three months to a nine months period of time and then they will stop for anywhere between one quarter to two quarter sort of period of time before the next phase. And these were public, because each time they were doing a commercial bidding and then they would do and award X percent of the next phase for the individuals. They haven’t really done that for this particular round, but if you were to kind of back it up remember originally they said that they wanted to deploy 200,000 base stations last year and early last year and that drifted out a little bit. And then, as they were in process of deploying that, they added an additional 300,000 base stations, to make that total 500,000, you could call that two separate, you could call it one, I don’t know how to break it up, but that’s perhaps why our competition is talking about a third phase coming up. Now, our expectation was that a third phase would not happen this year. There has been nothing announced either by China Mobile or by any of our customers in between that have talked about that. Our expectation is that will happen next year. We do think it will be significant. Each of these phases includes both radios and base stations. They deploy them to together. And China Mobile is unique in this in that every other carrier we see whether it’s in China, Japan, U.S., or Europe generally does a more regular buy every quarter. China Mobile tends to do these concentrated purchases. In the end it makes our business a little bit more choppy in wireless because of China Mobile as it has over the last several years. But that’s kind of what we see and what we live with. So overall, I hope that answers the question, certainly from our perspective, the next purchase we would expect from China Mobile will be sometime next year, as they complete this round of the total 500,000 base stations plus. It’s probably about a 1.5 million radios that are being shipped in this current, whether it’s a one round or two round phase of TD-LTE deployment.
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James: That's helpful. And then on the ASIC question.
John P. Daane:  I’m sorry. On ASICs there are ASIC replacements from time-to-time that will happen usually only in very high volume applications, because as you know you can get a cost reduction and moving to an ASIC and if your volume is high enough, you maybe able to achieve the return that you need in order to pay for that very hefty non-recurring engineering charge for the ASIC. We see conversions periodically. They are not very regular. Currently, we can get into volumes with our FPGAs in the million of units per year, before they would be converted, so most applications that were in people would never convert today. Do I see a lot of ASIC conversion activity going on per se? I don’t know that it is any different now than it was last year, the year before, the year before that. I can’t comment on what our competition is seeing so I don’t want to go there at all, but that’s just from our view what’s happening that we see in the marketplace.
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James: Thanks you. That's helpful.
John P. Daane: Thank you very much. Next question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our next question from Christopher Rolland of FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland – FBR Capital Markets:  Hey guys, thank for the question. So to the data center opportunity here, the data center purchasers, are they primarily tier 1 buyers here? Are they, or are we talking about perhaps the four, five largest web guys, something like that? Or would you describe it also as tier 2 guys as well in the web scale area and then are the carriers outside of just their networks on the data center side, are they also at the point where they are starting to use hardware accelerators? Thanks.
John P. Daane: So China Mobile has announced program to look at what they call C RAND, which is Cloud RAND, which would be the integration of the base station into a cloud. And they’ve also done a press release with Altera, saying that they have been working with our FPGAs during this period of time that they are doing the development of that technology. Generally, though it’s much further out in time before you would see anybody in the communications industry start to move to cloud for any of the types of equipment for which we ship into. In terms of servers one point to make is we are not going to be deployed and spend broadly in every server available. We are going to be in servers where people need to do acceleration of mathematics algorithms. So this is going to be supercomputer applications, which are used for geological. It’s going to be used for financial for acceleration. It’s going to be used for search for compression and encryption and that will be more targeted towards companies that are deploying some of their own data centers. And so, I would expect you are going to see the Microsoft's as an example and I can mention them because they are public. Where they are building out their own data centers, they would buy some servers to incorporate our FPGAs. Others like them will do the similar things. But where Altera buys servers to run our database applications, we would never buy a server that has an FPGA because we don’t need the database to run any faster than it already does. So it’s in a subset, but it’s a large enough subset that – and it’s a new market obviously for us that it drives a lot of growth potential. And the other thing with it that we’ve never seen in any of the markets that we participate is that those servers get refreshed on a three-year basis. And so we have an opportunity to continually sell FPGAs into existing customers, just to replace the equipment for which we are already in. And that’s a great growth opportunity for as well going forward. Generally, these are very high end FPGAs big, very expensive. So the ASPs are very high. And, again for these math algorithms where people are looking at how do I accelerate it and run my data center at lower power, that would be the type of thing that we are in. Now, you’ve seen some announcements out of the traditional server companies that they have options with FPGAs integrated. We are also hearing some companies have designed their own hardware that they are incorporating FPGAs. So I think it will be on both sides.
Christopher Rolland – FBR Capital Markets:  Okay, great. Also, from some of the work that we’ve done on the data center, it seems like you guys have more share here than your competitors. I mean this is just a small sample size on my part, but I guess first of all, is that true? And then secondly, why would you guys have an advantage there?
John P. Daane:  We believe it’s true because we started work on this earlier in terms of developing the software flow necessary to allow customer to program this in a language for which they are familiar. And I think our work on open CO? We have the only open CO compiler still available in the industry and I think this work allowed us to engage in data center applications much earlier. Have people actually run a lot of benchmarks against GPUs and CPUs on a number of algorithms and start developing on our technology very early. And as you know in our industry, generally, once people start working with a vendor they tend to stay with that vendor for a long period of time. So I do think we got in early. I do think we have a leadership position. I don't think we are going to be alone, certainly we do see GPUs, certainly CPUs are still great for broad number of applications. So we do have competitors. But within the FPGA space, I would say we have a couple year lead on this.
Christopher Rolland – FBR Capital Markets: Thanks, guys. Nice quarter.
John P. Daane:  Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will go next to David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Thanks very much. I'm sorry I got cut off just now. I am not sure if I misunderstood your comment earlier on about 28 nanometers, but calculating from the numbers do you mean to imply that you did about 70 – $65 million to $70 million in 28 nanometers in June and that you expect 28 to grow in September?
Ronald J. Pasek:  Yes, we did over $70 million, David in the June quarter. And we do expect that to grow into September as well.
David M. Wong – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. And can you give us any idea of what percent of your total revenues are associated with wireless in China as of the June quarter?
John P. Daane:  David, we’ve never broken out wireless by any particular geography. So, I can’t provide any of that data for you. It is challenging to do. I mean a little bit easier perhaps with the TD equipment, but remember the FTD equipment once you sell it to one of our end customers, they could ship it into China Telecom. They could also ship that same equipment into AT&T. So, it becomes a little bit more blurry for us, which is why we’ve never broken out which geography the equipment is being shipped into. We just don’t have that level of data or granularity to be accurate enough and so we’ve always resisted providing that level of data.
David M. Wong – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Okay, fine. My final question. When – what is your current schedule for getting first 14 nanometer for silicon?
John P. Daane: So, again, our schedule is tapeout in for production product in Q1 and then, sampling to customers mid-year, we have software out, now with early access partners to evaluate the technology and the architecture, and we will be introducing new reps of that over the next year, as we engage more broadly with customers. So, we are very early in 2014. Obviously it is a node ahead of the rest of the industry and it’s a technology, which we believe is going to be well ahead of what the competition has to offer.
David M. Wong – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks very much.
John P. Daane: Thanks, David. Next question please.
Operator: And at this time, there are no questions remaining from the phone line. I will turn the call back to our moderators.
Scott Wylie:  Great. Thank you, Robert. As we are concluding today, as two conferences upcoming this quarter. We will attend the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 3. Later in the month, on September 10, we’ll present at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Head of IR Brian M. Krzanich - CEO Stacy J. Smith - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Danely - JPMorgan Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse C.J. Muse - ISI Group Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Mark Lipacis - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Henninger, Head of Intel Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Henninger: Thank you. And welcome everyone to Intel's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. So, with that let me hand it over to Brian.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks Mark. 2014 is off to a solid start with our first quarter closing much as we expected. PC client platform unit volume was up year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter. Even as challenges remain in the consumer client segment, we saw continued improvement in enterprise clients, driven by increasing form factor innovation and refresh. Mobile unit volume was up year-over-year for the first time since Q2 2012, while desktop units were flat year-over-year, with all-time record core volume and mix. Our Data Center revenue grew 11% year-over-year and the enterprise segment was again in positive territory, up 3% over last year. While cloud, networking and storage were all up in excess of 20%. The newly formed Internet of Things Group, which includes our embedded business, grew 32% year-over-year, with particularly strong demand in in-vehicle infotainment and retail. While the Internet of Things Group Atom volume nearly doubled over Q1 of last year. We had all-time record NAND revenue driven by the Data Center and particularly, in cloud. And McAfee reported record Q1 bookings along with an 8% year-over-year increase in consumer bookings. Perhaps more importantly, we made progress against our most critical strategic objective. And I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight that progress. In PCCG, where we're working to reinvent computing with new form factor innovation, longer battery life and OS of choice, we saw 2 in 1 volume increase more than 20% sequentially in a seasonally down quarter. We're now expecting more than 70 two-in-one designs for the back-to-school selling season and many will be offered at $699 or less. These trends, in combination with renewed interest in Windows 8 from our customers, are encouraging. At the same time, we're ramping more than 130 Atom microarchitecture notebook and desktop designs with our Bay Trail M&D platforms, significantly increasing our presence in the value segment. And we exit the quarter with market segment share leadership on Chrome Systems and saw positive traction in small form factor and all-in one computing. In DCG, we launched our Ivy Bridge MP server CPU family known as Xeon E7. The new E7 line, which features the largest memory footprint in the industry, saw particularly strong reception from enterprise as a result of its high speed, real-time data analytic capabilities. We also announced an important strategic alliance with an investment in Cloudera which is designed to accelerate Hadoop innovation and penetration, particularly on IA. We've broken out MCG results for the first time this quarter. In order to achieve long-term success in all of our market segments, from 2 in 1s all the way through to the Internet of Things, we're making the investments necessary for leadership, and you can see these investments in MCG's results. For example, at Mobile World Congress in February, we announced multi-year, multi-device agreements with Lenovo, Asus, Dell and Foxconn to expand availability of out-of-base smartphones and tablets. We set an aggressive goal of shipping 40 million tablet SOCs this year. And I'm happy to say we've tallied more than 90 designs on Android and Windows and shipped 5 million units in the first quarter, placing us squarely on track to that goal. Our first LTE solution, the 7160, is now available in the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo and the Asus Fonepad 7, in addition to the previously announced Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. Our Cat 6 LTE solution, the 7260, with carrier aggregation, is on track to ship this quarter. And Samsung, Asus, Lenovo, and Dell are all committed to the platform on a combination of phone and tablets, along with module vendors like Huawei and Sierra Wireless. We demonstrated SoFIA, our first integrated apps processor and baseband, after adding it to the roadmap late last year. We're on track to ship the 3G solution to OEMs in Q4 2014, with the LTE version following in the first half of 2015. In the new devices and Internet of Things Group, we're working to extend Intel technology into the fast-growing world of interconnected devices. We completed the acquisition of BASIS. BASIS provides access to new world-class technology and a team of proven innovators. We also shipped our first Quark SoCs for the Internet of Things and announced an upgrade of Edison to the Silvermont Atom architecture. Edison is on track to ship this summer. And in the Technology and Manufacturing Group, who've worked to advance Moore's Law as foundational to our long-term success, we began production on our 14-nanometer process technology and remain on track to launch Broadwell in the second half of the year. And the foundry team extended our collaboration with Altera to the development of multi-dye devices that take advantage of our world-class package and assembly capabilities and Altera's leading-edge programmable logic. Taken together, these milestones give me confidence that the pace inside our company and our progress with our customers is accelerating. We've made a lot of changes. We have more work to do, but I'm confident that we will continue to transform and realize our vision that if it computes, it does it best with Intel. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Brian. The first quarter came in consistent with expectations, demonstrating financial growth and a solid start to the year. For the first quarter, revenue came in at $12.8 billion, up 1% from a year ago and in line with expectations. PC Client Group revenue was down 1% from a year ago. We saw PC Client Group platform unit volumes grow 1% year-over-year. And inclusive of tablets, we saw high single-digit unit growth. PC platform average selling prices declined 3% on a year-on-year basis. Our Data Center Group revenue grew 11% from a year ago, with platform volumes up 3% and platform average selling prices up 8% over the same period. Some insights into the revenue results of our new segments. The Mobile and Communications Group is down 61% from a year ago. The underlying dynamics are consistent with what we shared at the investor meeting last November. We're seeing a decline in our feature phone and 2G/3G multi-[com] [ph] business, as we're in the midst of a transition to integrated LTE solutions. In addition, the ramp in tablet volume is being offset by an increase in contra revenue dollars. The Internet of Things Group is up 32% year-on-year. We continue to see robust growth across segments with particular strength in point-of-sale devices in retail and automotive in-vehicle infotainment systems. Gross margin of 60% was down two points from the fourth quarter and one point above our guidance. Spending came in at $4.9 billion, $100 million above our outlook, primarily driven by a current period charge relating to ongoing litigation. Operating income for the first quarter was $2.5 billion; up 1% from a year ago, and earnings per share was $0.38, down 5% from a year ago. As we look forward to the second quarter of 2014, we're forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $13 billion, up 2% from the first quarter. This forecast is in line with the average seasonal increase for the second quarter. We're forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range for the second quarter to be 63%. The three point increase from the first quarter is primarily driven by lower factory startup costs as we ramp 14 nm. We're also forecasting higher platform volume and lower platform write-offs on the qualification of our first 14-nanometer products. This is partially offset by the increase in tablet volume and related contra revenue dollars. Turning to full year 2014. We're still planning for revenues to be approximately flat to 2013. We expect PC Client Group revenue to decline in the mid-single-digits and the Data Center Group revenue to grow in the low double-digits. We're forecasting the midpoint of our gross margin range at 61%, up one point from the outlook provided in January. This increase is primarily driven by lower unit costs across both our PC and tablet products and lower non-production manufacturing costs. We are forecasting spending for the year at $18.9 billion. This $300 million increase over the prior outlook is driven by increased R&D investments and litigation expenses. We still expect capital spending to be flat to 2013 with the midpoint at $11 billion. The first quarter was a solid start to 2014, reinforcing our view of the underlying market trends. The PC market has stabilized and on a year-over-year basis, we saw unit growth for the second quarter in a row. In the Data Center, we continue to see robust growth rates in the cloud segment and the enterprise segment grew in the first quarter. These trends led to Data Center growth of 11% year-over-year. We're winning designs and ramping our tablet volume rapidly and we have design wins in LTE that will result in a second half revenue ramp. Our Internet of Things business grew over 30% in the first quarter on a year-on-year basis. And we're driving significant innovation in this area as we invest to extend our architecture into the very low power space and acquire IP and capabilities. At IDF Beijing two weeks ago, we showcased the broad range of products we're bringing to the marketplace. These products range from servers in the Data Center to innovative PC form factors like detachables and all-in ones, to tablets, to phones, and to wearables. This is our strategy in action. If it computes, it does it best with Intel Inside. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: All right. Thank you, Brian and Stacy. We're getting a little bit of feedback that some of you may be having a hard time hearing us, so I'm trying a different mic here and we'll hope that that's better. Moving on to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we'd ask each participant to ask one question and a follow-up if you have one. Jamie, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: (Operator instructions) The first question comes from Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Hello. Thanks guys. A question on gross margins. So, it's going up nicely in Q2, but if we look at the yearly guidance, it looks like it's dropping in the second half. Can you just talk about the reason that is happening?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure, Chris. This is Stacy, I'd be happy to. Let me -- I'll do the walk kind of from Q1 to Q2 and then I give you a sense of what I see in terms of the pluses and minuses as we move into the back half of the year. As we go into the second quarter, so we ended Q1 at 60%, we're forecasting Q2 at 63%. The big driver there is we get about two and a half points of good news associated with the fall off of 14-nanometer startup costs, so it's pretty consistent with what we've been talking about and what you've seen from us in the past. We'll get a little bit more good news associated with Q2 being a bit up in terms of volume, so that's about half a point and then we get half a point in Q2 associated with lower platform write-offs as we qualify those first 14-nanometer products towards the end of the quarter. And then there's a bit of an offset, as we ramp tablets and start to see some of the associated contra revenue dollars with tablets, we saw some of that in Q1 but we'll see a bit more in Q2 and so that's about half a point offset. So that gets us to 63 for Q2. And then yeah, the math if you triangulate a 61% for the year would say that we have a gross margin in the back half of the year that's in the low 60s. I think the plus that we see going in is we expect seasonally stronger volume in the back half so that gives us a little bit of a plus. On the minus side it's two things. One, the tablet volume is backend loaded for us. Again as you'd expect it's primarily a consumer product, so we'll see in the back half of the year the ramp of tablets and the associated contra revenue dollars so that's a bit of an offset. And then we'll also see costs coming down from Q1 to Q2 and Q3 and then in Q4, we'll see a lot of volume coming out of multiple factories on 14-nanometer. And so you get a bit of a mix up in cost from those early wafers coming off of 14-nanometer and again that's a phenomenon you'd see from us in the past, we’d expect that to come down pretty rapidly after that, but the first quarter tends to be pretty expensive.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Got it. Thanks. And for my follow-up, maybe just give us your take on the PC space, just talk about how the market is feeling now versus your expectations three months ago? And then any impact from the expiration of Windows XP, either in your expectations for Q2 or with what happened in Q1?
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. I can give you kind of an overall look at how we see the PC market, this is Brian. In general, if you look at Q1 and even as we head into Q2, it's playing out as we pretty much expected. We continue to see strength in the enterprise and that's pretty much across-the-board everywhere. Consumer still remains a bit weak for us. Emerging markets starting to strengthen a little bit in the consumer, but the rest of the world still showing some weakness at the consumer level. We think what's driving kind of the overall stabilization is a series of things that started to play out in Q4 and we see them playing out into Q1 and we think throughout this year and some of it is a mixture of things from yes -- there is Windows XP. It is a part of this equation. I don't think it's the driver. If you look at the form factors that we're bringing out, the price points that we've been able to enter, you're seeing strong PCs down in the $200 range now. Haswell really coming to market as we enter into Q1 and Q2. You saw the 130 Atom designs that we have out there. So, it's a series of real vectors that are driving the stabilization we believe.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, guys, thanks so much. Just one point of clarification first. The segment -- the year-over-year segment numbers, is that apples-to-apples or does that include this year's reclassification, but it's versus last year's old reclassification?
Stacy J. Smith: No, no, it's apples-to-apples, Jim.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Apples-to-apples, okay great.
Stacy J. Smith: Everything got restated.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, terrific. Thank you. In terms of the contra revenue support going forward for the tablets, can you talk about the pushes and pulls as we maybe go into 2015 or whatever period you want to talk about going forward, about what would cause you to continue to do that versus maybe cutting that off? That will obviously be a critical part of our model as we start to look forward into next year.
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, I'd be happy to, Jim. Let me even back up and give you -- again restate the strategy of what we're doing here. And Brian can come in over the top with some of the technology. But what we're doing is we're taking Bay Trail, which is a product really designed for the PC market, and we made the decision to take it broadly across different segments of the tablet market this year. It brings along with it, at least over the course of 2014, a higher bill of materials. And that's independent from the SOC cost. It's the power management subsystem, it's the motherboard that it goes on, it's the memory solution, those kinds of things. And so, we're providing some contra revenue to offset that bill of material delta over the course of 2014. Now, as we said, we're doing value engineering with our customers and our partners. And so we're bringing down that bill of material over the course of 2014 independent of any changes to our SOC. I'll pause there and actually let Brian if he wants to come in over on the top on any of the technology.
Brian M. Krzanich: I think Stacy's absolutely got it right. We have a series of improvements. They have already started to kick-in in some cases around our power management systems, the number of layers in our motherboards, the memory system integration. All of those things we've worked on and actually have started to see the advantages already in our costs.
Stacy J. Smith: So, I think on a like dollars per unit, it comes down pretty dramatically over the course of 2014. And it should be relatively small, if at all, as we get into 2015. And it's, again, the enablement we're doing around the bill of materials. And then we also have new products coming into the marketplace, like SoFIA, that's targeted at the low end, and then in 2015 you'll see Broxton, which is an SOC more for the mid-range to high-range of the market coming into our product portfolio. So, the combination of all of that gives us a better cost structure with our own products and a better cost structure overall with the bill of materials as we enter 2015 and then work through 2015.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks so much. Good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. I had a question on DCG, Stacy, just to make sure it's apples-to-apples. The guidance that you provided for this year as well as for the long term CAGR, does that change now that you have a common infrastructure part also within that group?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah. So, interesting what we're doing here Ambrish is we're actually now restating the segment to match how we've been talking about this segment. If you go back to the investor meeting presentations over the last couple of years, we've included the communications infrastructure piece of that because we do view it as part of the server market. So, you need to go back to Kirk's original presentation, I think it was two years ago, 2011, and you'll see it's clearly laid out in that long-term CAGR. Brian and Renée have now organized the company more in line with that, so we have all of that under one group. So, we've redone our segments as a result. I'll also say for Q1, because I don't think you can see this anywhere else, but the DCG year-on-year growth rate was 11% in the restated segments. If you took out the CID piece, so if we had not made that change, it still would have been 10% plus. So, it's worth about one point of growth in Q1. So, I think we're pleased with the growth rate with and without, I guess is how I'd say it.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that is helpful. Because you're right, at the last analyst day, also, you did have that piece in there when it was not part of DCG. My follow-up then is a quicker one. On the MCG side, are we looking at this revenue run rate bottoming out here, because now you're going into the back half, you also talk about Cat 6 shipments? I think, Brian, you were at IDF or somewhere in Shanghai or in China. So, is this the bottom for this segment in the quarter? Thank you.
Stacy J. Smith: I think you'll see two phenomena as we move into the back half. As we said, we're seeing on the com side that transition from 2G/3G. So, we're seeing a trough-ing of that business. And as we move into the back half we'll see the LTE, particularly the 7260, coming to market. So, we'll start to see, I think, a nice ramp in revenue on that segment. We'll have significant unit growth in tablets. But remember that contra revenue isn't just a gross margin impact; it's actually a subtraction from revenue. And so that will mute the revenue growth for the segment because you have that negative as we get into the back half and ship more tablets. To the prior question, I expect that to abate as we get into 2015, but you'll definitely see that in the back half of 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Rolland from FBR.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys, thanks for faking the question. So, I think a lot of us were surprised to see Q1 notebook platforms up year-over-year, as you guys alluded to. Why is third-party data off year, perhaps even ODM data, off so much? I imagine some of that's market share, but what might be the rest there?
Stacy J. Smith: Let me give you the one key finance and then I'll turn it over to Brian to talk about our notebook strategy and kind of how that's playing out across the products. From a year-on-year comparison, from our billings standpoint, you have to remember that Q1 of 2013, there was a big contraction in the worldwide supply chain terms of inventory levels and I think that impacted our billings. So, we're, I think, getting the advantage of a good year-on-year comparison point there. We still expect for the year that units are down in the low single-digits. And by the way we would love to be wrong on that but that's our view of the market. And I think that's pretty aligned with the third parties.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yeah, I would agree with that. And that's not to say that inventories have grown. Actually inventories are in very good shape as we look across the entire supply chain, both within Intel and outside. So, we think inventories, after that correction in the beginning of 2013, are actually normalized now where they will probably stay. And as Stacy said -- and as we said in the call, you're seeing us in all price points in this space. So, you're seeing Bay Trail and even core products down at lower price points. You'll also see us gaining market share in Chrome over this time period. We're in a significant percentage of the Chrome systems out there. So, there's a variety of things that are allowing us to get some upswing a bit in the mobile market, as well.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets: Great. Thank you. As a follow-up, at one point there was Bay Trail T, M, and D for tablet, mobile and desktop. Is the M and D still accounted for in PC, and T in tablet? And with that 8% ASP decline that you guys had in mobile, was that natural or is that a mixing of Bay Trail M? Thanks.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, great question. The first answer is yes, the M and D would be included in PCCG's results. The T is included in MCG's results and would be in the tablet volume that we're talking about. And, yes, the notebook ASP that you saw was exactly consistent with our strategy. We're bringing Bay Trail in there. It's got the right cost structure. It's actually the volume is a little ahead of what we thought in Q1. It's enabling us to grow units a bit and maintain and grow profitability and the overall company's gross margin looked pretty good, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Freedman from RBC.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question, guys. And a few of the things that you've guided to we've really never seen in the history of Intel and that being OpEx dropping rather materially in the back half of the year. Can you give us a little bit of color on what you're doing to make that happen?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah. I mean as we said at quarter a go, we're bringing employment down over the course of the year. In particular, we're driving for some efficiencies in the engineering organization. But they're happening a little later than we thought. But we're -- what Brian and Renée are driving for is to get more output and more products and more derivatives for the engineering teams and that will result in some efficiency as we get into the back half.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: And for my follow-up, also another spending question, that being on the CapEx. I believe there was a change to the longer-term roadmap on your move to get to 450 and yet we're not seeing really any change on your CapEx spending. Is there a change that we should be thinking is possible in the future? How would you talk about your CapEx? In the past you talked about maintenance and then the other if you could give us an update on that.
Brian M. Krzanich: The 450, let's start with that. We haven't changed. We've said that actually our 450 is similar in the latter half of this decade, right? So, we're still saying that. You're going to see gives and takes on 450 spending. These are long, drawn-out programs over multiple years. And so I think don't grade the whole program by one shift in when we buy a tool or when we move out some spending, in some cases. And don't forget, any time we do that you typically have just more 300-millimeter that you're going to go spend money on. We continue to hold our forecast flat for CapEx. We are comfortable with the CapEx where we're at to maintain our business based on the demand we're seeing for our core products.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good afternoon, guys, congratulations. Stacy, a question on gross margins. Has the full year expected impact for tablets changed at all? And if memory serves me correct, that was 150 basis points. And if I do the math right, would that alone account for about two and a half percentage points of decline in Q3, Q4? Am I doing that correctly?
Stacy J. Smith: The answer to your first question is that our expectations haven't changed. There may be -- the second decimal may have changed, but directionally it's the same. And as Brian said in his prepared remarks, we're actually feeling pretty good about the line of sight we have across the customers, the longer term agreements we have in place and design wins that we know are coming to market, as well as the Q1 volume. In terms of the impact in the second half, I haven't done the math that way, but just to manage your math, you're probably not too far off because it's 150 basis points more or less for the year, and it's backend loaded, so it's going to be in that kind of a range. I did do the math for the back half saying that -- that as well as the Q4 cost of 14-nanometer out of multiple factories, is the thing that keeps us in the low 60s as opposed to higher. So, I think your math probably is pretty close.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks, guys. And as my follow on, Brian, you talk a little bit about the expectations around the Grantley product launch? Nehalem clearly drove good growth in DCG. Romley was a little more mixed. What's the expectation for Grantley? And is there a concern of a pause of buying in DCG ahead of the launch and how do you manage that?
Brian M. Krzanich: We look at the Grantley as a great product. I don't think there will be a pause. We've factored that into all of our forecasts, the launch dates. Those haven't moved. I don't see it as being a shift. Customers typically line up their products around our product launches, and they have several months to work around those and forecast there's, as well. So, I don't see a stall in our business based on what we see with the forecasts right now.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks John.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse from ISI Group.
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: Yeah. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, since you announced a vision for being a larger foundry at your Analyst Day, I'm curious what you've learned in your discussion with potential clients in terms of what may be bigger opportunities than what you initially thought and perhaps what could be bigger challenges? And I guess as part of that, as you think about offering those foundry services to potential customers, how do you think about maybe some of the changes you need to do in terms of tool sets with Fab 42?
Brian M. Krzanich: So, let's answer the first part first. I'd say the interest since we opened up the foundry has been high. These interactions, just getting people comfortable with what the technology is, take several months typically. There's deep interaction between the technical teams on both sides, really understanding what the process of silicon technology incorporates, what the design tools are, what IP we have to offer, where they can go get third-party IP, all of those kinds of interactions. Those have been ongoing with many customers. And then, you start the business discussions around pricing and availability and all of that. So, I'd tell you that the uptake has been strong. We've been in many interactions. As far as what does it tell us about what needs to change within Intel, I think we still have a lot to learn about how to be a good foundry. Altera, who is really our lead premier customer -- I'd say big customer has really been helpful. They've helped us see where we're strong and where we are not and what it takes to become strong in those areas. They are making good progress on their products. I don't think there's a lot of change from a technology standpoint that's outside the changes we're going to make, say, at 10-nanometers of our own product. We're driving to lower power, more mobility, able to integrate better, all of those things into our own products. Integration of memory capabilities, that's driven by our own need to move into those mobile spaces. And that's helping us with the same roadmaps that are being required by the foundry partners. Fab 42 is purely a capacity-driven based on demand. We'll trigger that as we trigger demand both either internally or from the foundry. Remember though the foundry partners signed up today. It's probably two years -- 18 to 24 months before first silicon and probably 30 to 36 months before they really have ramped to any volume. And Fab 42 is probably 12 to 18 months from when you would be able to bring it into capacity. So, the two have a great deal of overlap.
Stacy J. Smith: And I would just add, just reading into your question -- maybe I'm reading too much, C.J., if you're viewing the foundry business as we would have a specific foundry factory, that's probably not the case. These will be run side by side with our own products and taking advantage of the same technology and technology features that we need for our product line.
Brian M. Krzanich: That's correct.
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: Got it. Very helpful. If I could sneak in a second one here. In terms of integrated LTE, you've talked about when we'll first see that. But curious when you expect to bring that in house at Intel.
Brian M. Krzanich: We'll bring that in on our 14-nanometer process either late 2015 or early 2016. We're still battling back and forth on how fast we can bring it in and at what impacts that has. 14-nanometer is the technology there.
C.J. Muse - ISI Group: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Barclays.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe actually follows up on CJ's prior question. The MPG business that you're now breaking out, it's pretty clear it's losing $3 billion, $3.5 billion. How do you think about this business? Obviously you're trying to ramp the product set you are a bit behind. You're entering from the low end and that pricing seems quite tough. You're facing some subsidies that you have to do on the tablet side. Are there some milestones that you look at to get this business back profitable? Or maybe would you consider this strategic enough that you would consider continuing to run this as a loss?
Brian M. Krzanich: So, you asked several questions in there, so let me start to pars it apart. Absolutely this is a strategic business, so let's just start with that. We think this is critical and we said this in our prepared statements. It's critical from 2 in 1 devices down through the Internet of Things. You look across the connectivity requirements there; more and more of the devices are requiring integrated connectivity, whether it be LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and all of these connectivities are becoming more and more required. We don't go into these businesses thinking that we're going to lose money. We believe we have a roadmap to get to profitability in that business. The milestones that I look at -- and so I'll give you those for yourself to look at, we have the 7160, the current LTE version out there. We're the second in LTE. We have the 7260 launch this quarter. I think that's a critical there. Again, we're closing the gap with our competition. We're bringing out leading edge Cat 6 capability with carrier aggregation. That's a critical milestone. That puts -- that closes the gap and puts us firmly in the LTE capability. The next one is SoFIA. If you look at the SoFIAs at the end of this year with 3G integration and then a big first half of next year with LTE integration. Remember those products weren't even on our roadmap six or seven months ago. So, that shows that we're acting quickly integrating and bringing those products to production. Then after that is, as Stacy said earlier, Broxton, which is our internal 14-nanometer product. That's targeted towards the mid to high level. And as we bring that into the second half of 2015 and into 2016, there will be various levels of integration on that. So, when I look across this, those are the milestones I look at, because those are what drive that along with just the basic cost reduction capabilities we talked about for this year as we get out of this contra revenue into 2015. Those products then place us firmly in leadership capability from the low end to the high end with integration. And those are the milestones to me that will lead to profitability long-term.
Stacy J. Smith: And I'll just add to that, I think you left it off because it was so obvious, but the 40 million tablets is one of the things I see Brian just laser focused on. And as we've talked about before, it gets us into the 15% to 20% range of the total tablet market. It gives us a big enough footprint that we start to see people developing on our architectures. It becomes a self-sustaining ecosystem as we're bringing these other products to the marketplace. So, don't lose sight of that one, Blaine.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yeah.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then just as a second question, in terms of Broadwell timing you had the one quarter slip. It seems like no change so far. Are there any more hurdles in terms of yields or anything before this product is ready to ship in the back half?
Brian M. Krzanich: Well, as we said, we qualified for startup production this month. We will qualify for shipment to customers towards the end of this quarter. Those are the first two milestones, so we've passed one of them. And then you'll start to see our customers bring products to market as we progress into the second half of this year. These things are hard. There are always yield improvement efforts that we have and cost deductions that we're going through. But I think we're past the first of the two big milestones by turning on the production internal. And we have the next big one at the end of this quarter with certifying to ship to customers. We don't see any roadblocks, don't see any issues. But that's still out there at the end of this quarter.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, I wanted to dig a little bit into the mobile and wireless group. So, you've talked a bit about having I guess developing leadership products, leadership position in order to drive profitability. We're looking at this right now, though. So, we had the business fall more than 50% sequentially. You have your 7160 which is shipping but apparently it's not really driving much volume. We have the 7260 which is forthcoming, but we really haven't heard much about design wins. And you launched at Mobile World Congress without really saying very much there. We have SoFIA coming, which absolutely is integrated, but it's being made at TSMC for the next few years which means you lose any potential benefits from your own process technology. And you would seem to be well behind what the market leaders are shipping in terms of 4G. Just what should we be looking for and over what timeframe should we be looking for, for the ramp? I guess what I'm asking is, how can we get confidence that we're going to actually see the revenue ramp that is built into the short-term expectations for this year and then going forward, to make sure that you can actually get a profitable business, which obviously would be driving quite a bit of upside to where the models are today?
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, Stacy. I'll start and then Stacy can jump in. Remember, the 7160, we gave you a series of products that it's shipping in. And on the 7260, which will qualify this quarter, we gave you a list of OEM partners that have committed to that platform. So, we're fairly confident that the ramp in the second half of this year will continue on that product. And it is a leadership product. SoFIA, you're right, is built at TSMC. We went for speed and integration. And it was simply quicker to get to market with a competitive product from both a price and performance. We actually believe that the IA core will give us better performance than the competition. And the competition is at that same node at TSMC. And it's 3G at the end of this year and LTE in the first half of next year. We then told you that in the second half of next year -- and again, we're debating whether it's the second half or the first quarter of 2016, but we'll move all of that internal on to 14-nanometers. And it's really based on other products that we have moving in at that time and just overall resources all right. We had a lot going on -- the ramp of Broadwell, the ramp of Skylake in the second half of next year, plus bringing these products inside. But I'm very confident that when you do that, plus you add in Broxton, which is targeted towards the mid to high range and again is integrated with leading-edge LTE. And don't forget we have a roadmap of LTE products beyond the 7260 that continue the level of carrier aggregation and product leadership. We're fairly confident that we can continue to grow this business and turn it profitable over that time.
Stacy J. Smith: And let me just comment on the question about the long-term profitability. It sounds basic, but it really stems from our manufacturing leadership. If we're two years ahead of the rest of the industry, and extending it gives us the ability that, as we target our products into the right space from a power standpoint, we will have power advantage or performance advantage and a cost advantage. That really is our strategy playing out. You're seeing the first products hitting that theme over the course of this year and into early next year. Bay Trail is a really good product. For the high end of the market, you'll see products coming into the market that are more targeted at the mid-range and lower end of the market next year. But that's how the strategy plays out. I'd say for 2015, I would expect to see reduction in the loss. Not profitability, but a reduction in the loss will feel pretty good when we get there and then we'll keep driving towards the long-term profitability goal.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Got it.
Brian M. Krzanich: Did you have a follow-up Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: I did. I'd like to drill in a bit more. I'm actually into the tablet efforts now. So, we're obviously subsidizing. And I get the idea of reducing BOM cost in order to make up for the deficiencies with the idea being that you can drive improved product set down the road. But at the same time, if you look at the tablet market, where it is today, you're obviously not going to be going after Apple any time soon. Maybe there's a little bit of volume at Samsung. But I mean if you take those guys out, 75% of what's left is systems that are $250 and below, where your competitors are shipping quad-core chips for much less than $10. I'm curious to know what kind of economics and pricing you see from that market long-term. And are the -- I guess the total revenue pool and profit pool that's available, even if you were to succeed at your goals, why does that make it a worthwhile effort to actually go after? Or is this simply, as you said, strategic? Is this an attempt to limit further penetration of tablets into the core market?
Brian M. Krzanich: So, I'll start and Stacy is welcome to jump in. You've asked a question that has multiple questions built into it. But let's start with what we told you was we've got multiple OEM partners building tablets and phones on our products. And we gave you Asus and Dell and Lenovo and Samsung on those products. If you look at the tablet business overall, it's broken up into a series of segments. And you're right; there is a large percentage of them that are $250 and below. Products like SoFIA are specifically designed for that segment. And our dual-core SoFIA already performs quite well against quad-core systems. As we move into next year, we'll bring quad-core SoFIA-based products out, as well. And so we believe that we can stay very cost competitive and have a performance leadership. Remember, Intel has two assets. We have our silicon technology, but we also have our architecture. And one of the things an OEM gets when they build with Intel technology is that they can go into any OS and they can build a single platform and move that on to Chrome, on to Android, on to Windows. And that's a very unique capability that we provide to OEMs for flexibility. So, we believe with a product like SoFIA, as we bring that into the market next year, we can absolutely compete in those spaces and make money. You're probably not going to make as much revenue dollars and as much margin dollars as the PC business, but we think this is still critical. And it's critical for a variety of reasons. Part of it is simply the scale. You want to have those units. You want to have a presence in all areas of computing. And the second one is developer attention. You want developers creating new products, doing innovation on your architecture. This is a space that's got innovation. We are going to bring some of that innovation to this market. You're going to see some tablets as you go into the end of this year. We showed them at CES, some of the highlights where you have 3D cameras, you have perceptual computing capabilities for gaming. All of those kinds of things can change the tablet market, along with the PC market. So, we believe that we can bring a lot of the innovation that we do in the PC down into the tablet space. And again, that keeps the developers developing and interested in our platform. I think for all of those reasons, we want to be in this space and we will be in this space from now on.
Stacy J. Smith: I would just add. That was very complete, but we don't fear the low end of the market. You look at how we played out in PCs. You can drive a lot of unit growth by participating in PCs now that are $199 to $250. We can have the cost structure because of our manufacturing lead to participate nicely there. And you see that as markets mature, they also segment. And so we have look, you look at our PC business, we have great demand and profitability in core I7s and it spans down to Bay Trail at the Atom segment of the market. So, it's a misconception to think that we only want to play at the high end. Our manufacturing leadership can give us the cost structure to play profitably at the low end, as well.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Thank you, guys.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks Stacy. And operator we'll go ahead and take two more questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Back on to the PC Client Group for a second and on to the ASP side of the equation, between the desktop and notebook obviously there's very different dynamics. Do you see a point in which the notebook side starts flattening out and starts to act like the desktop side, where ASPs have been up strongly both last year and year-over-year in the first quarter? Or is that pressure to the low end going to persist and so we shouldn't think of a flattening out any time soon?
Stacy J. Smith: I actually think more about the two markets together. I think you have this range of devices that are computers and they range from a high end all-in-one down to a $199 very low cost notebook computer that's being sold. And I think what we're seeing is strength at both ends of the market. If you look at our pricing over the last three years, it's been pretty dead flat on average across the PC market. You can see from my gross margin forecast from 2014, I'm not expecting ASP to be one of the big drivers. So, you can take from that that we continue to see a pretty benign pricing environment. So, that's how I think about it, I don't know, Brian, if you have--
Brian M. Krzanich: No, I would agree. I don't see it behaving any differently moving forward.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And as my follow-up, switching over to the OpEx side, it's good to see the headcount coming down in the second half, down versus the first half. But you're still significantly elevated versus your target model. I know you're not going to guide for 2015 with any specifics whatsoever. But can you remind us, if you do end this year with lower headcount than you ended the prior year, so you're going into the year down year-over-year is the tick-tock of process engineering moving from R&D into COGS a headwind or a tailwind in 2015? Are there any big moving parts that we can think about for that year's OpEx versus this year's?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, it's the reciprocal to what happens to gross margins. So, in a year like this year where you see startup costs coming down, that means that the engineers that were working on 14-nanometer that were being classified as cost of sales, now move to 10-nanometer and they are being classified as R&D. So, next year you should see gross margin -- some headwind in terms of gross margin and some tailwind in terms of the R&D spending.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks Ross. And operator can you go ahead and introduce our last question?
Operator: The final question comes from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. First one, Brian, when you talk about the 40 million unit bogey on tablets this year, could you go through the taxonomy of that a little bit? To what extent do you think this is Windows versus Android? And what's the class of product you think will represent the mode or the mean? Like where do you think your sweet spot is going to be this year on tablets?
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. Our mix of OSs reflects pretty much what you see in the marketplace. So, I think, depending on how you look at it, it's probably something on the order of 90% Android, 80% Android, 10% to 20% Windows. Our percentages look very much like the marketplace. So, if Windows continues to grow and gain traction I think our percentage would just align directly to that. So, you can -- don't separate what we ship from what's basically in the marketplace. We're leadership capability on all of the OSs now. As far as what is the price point, again, it reflects fairly close to what the marketplace is. You see us in systems below $100 now. The majority of the systems are say $125 to $250, somewhere in there. And then you see us in some of the upper end systems, $250 to $400. And so -- but the majority is in that -- I'd call it, $125 to probably $250 range.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, did you discuss, do you expect to have the Android tablets ramping in volume this quarter? Are we going to be -- should we expect to see the Bay Trail Android products at Computex this year? When do we really see the material ramp in the Android products? Thank you.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, absolutely. You can go out to the store today and buy an Android -- in fact, I'd love you to go buy one of the 40 million we'll sell. But, yes, you can buy Android. It continues to ramp through this quarter. At Computex, we'll show a series of Android and Windows-based tablets. And they just continue to ramp through this year. But they're on shelves today. I saw them in the store this weekend.
Stacy J. Smith: The majority of the 5 million units, for example, are Android. Just as Brian said, it more or less follows the distribution between Windows and Android.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thank you. That's helpful.
Stacy J. Smith: Sure.
Brian M. Krzanich: Thanks Mark. And thank you all for joining us today. Jamie, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Again, thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President of Investor Relations Ronald J. Pasek - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John P. Daane - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Limited, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael Chu - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Altera Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Scott Wylie. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820, and use code 258712. During today's prepared remarks, we'll be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call with a few brief remarks before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald J. Pasek: Thank you, Scott. Fourth quarter revenue of $454 million increased 2% sequentially, exceeding our expectations. We had marginally better growth than planned in a handful of subvertical markets with the wireless market as expected flat sequentially. John will elaborate on vertical market dynamics in a moment. Gross margin and OpEx were in line with guidance for the quarter. 28-nanometer revenue for the quarter was $44 million, an increase of 33% sequentially. 40-nanometer revenue grew sequentially as well, which contributed to a 10% sequential growth in new products. New products represented 47% of revenue for the quarter and 43% of revenue for the year. During the quarter, we were able to increase our share repurchase activity since we had funds available through our bond offering. After repurchasing 4.4 million shares in the quarter, our repurchase authorization sits at 36.8 million shares, so we're well equipped to continue to be opportunistic. For the full year 2013, we returned over $360 million or 61% of cash flow from operations to shareholders, which is within the range of our commitment we made earlier in the year. As for the Q1 outlook, we do see a pause in demand with revenue minus 2% to minus 6%, however, Q1 '14 does show growth over Q1 '13. Gross margin for Q1 '14 will be 30 basis points lower than Q4 due entirely to mix. Gross margin will improve throughout the year as a result of improved pricing practices and continued cost reductions. R&D OpEx will decrease in Q1 mainly due to a decline in tape-out activity from Q4 but will increase in Q2, making the first half R&D equal to what we will see in the second half. Q1 SG&A will decrease from Q4 due to the timing of projects and will remain fairly linear throughout the year. All in, we expect OpEx to be consistent with my November guidance of $750 million. Finally, 28-nanometer revenue will grow roughly 30% sequentially from Q4 '13 to Q1 '14. Now let me turn the call over to John.
John P. Daane: Thank you, Ron. Fourth quarter revenue increased 2% sequentially. Wireless was flat and industrial grew for the third straight quarter, both meeting expectations. Computer and broadcast were up shortly and drove the outperformance compared to guidance. For 2013, we were impacted by lackluster end markets particularly in communications. However, 7 of our 11 sub-vertical markets grew in the year as we continue to penetrate new markets and displace ASICs in existing ones. Our automotive, industrial and military sub-markets each grew in 2013. Our computer and networking markets also increased, and we are in the early innings of FPGA adoption and servers. Wireless was down only slightly with LTE in China positively impacting our second half revenue and helping to absorb the ASIC replacement at a large customer in late 2012. Telecom, however, was down significantly as carrier spending was redirected into wireless. For the first quarter revenue, we are forecasting a sequential range of minus 6% to minus 2%. The telecom and wireless category is expected to grow with wireless up sharply on China LTE shipments, somewhat offset by a decline in telecom. The auto, industrial and military category should be flat. Where computer and networking category was up in Q4, with computer growing double digits for 2 straight quarters, we expect the category to decline in Q1. Our computer revenue, while significant, continues to fluctuate based on program buys similar to our military business. I believe in the next 2 years as our computer business grows and matures, that the quarterly fluctuations will attenuate. Our Other category we expect to sharply decline in the quarter. New products will continue to grow. Based on the submarket exit rates from Q4 and our forecast for Q1, we believe that a number of our larger vertical markets are poised for 2014 growth, including wireless, industrial, military and computer. We are in the midst of deploying an expanded product portfolio, including our MAX 10 low-end product, Arria 10 midrange family, both manufactured by TSMC, and Stratix 10 high-end family. MAX 10 release schedules will be announced this year. Arria 10, produced in 20-nanometer, will generally sample in Q1 within the same quarter as our competition. And as the only company with release software for our midrange customer -- for our midrange family, customer engagements are rapidly growing. Design of our Stratix 10 family with Intel's advanced 14-nanometer Tri-Gate technology continues smoothly. And by using process technology one generation ahead of the competition, we expect to secure a vast majority of the high-end, which is over 50% of the FPGA market. In summary, we believe our expanded product portfolio, including industry-leading software, will enable Altera to secure a market-leading position in the next-generation products. Additionally, we plan to further slow expense growth in the years to come to allow our earnings to grow faster than our revenues. Now let me turn this call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Related to the China LTE build-out, I was wondering if you could comment on the ratio of baseband versus radio shipments that you're seeing now? And whether you expect that to change as we get into the end of the year? And related to that, have you seen any pickup in terms of orders from China Telecom yet?
John P. Daane: We have seen orders, Jim, for China Telecom from some of the vendors to that award, not all of the vendors yet. We are shipping for China Mobile both into radios and base stations. And I think, as you're probably aware, China Mobile has increased the number of base stations it plans to deploy from originally 200,000 late last year to now 500,000 through the end of the year which, combined with the radios, is a very significant increase. I think we'll see China deploy very solidly over a several-year period of time, and hopefully, we'll also see the pickup of some other markets over time, including United States with a couple carriers like Sprint and T-Mobile poised to eventually deploy, plus AT&T and Verizon needing to fill out their network combined with Europe looking like in the next couple of years it will also start 4G deployment.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, I noticed that your EMEA shipments were down pretty sharply in the quarter. I was wondering if you can talk about whether that's driven by 1 or 2 very specific customers? Or was that more broad-based across the end markets?
John P. Daane: It was a little bit broad-based. There was a communications element of it that was there both in wireline and wireless, but there were also some other market segments that contributed to that as well.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Question, John, do you expect China deployments to be more 40-nanometer based where you benefit? Or 28-nanometers where Xilinx could potentially benefit more?
John P. Daane: Yes, as we talked about a couple of quarters now, really what happens is, it's a collection of different process nodes rather than one -- any one process node. As an example, we did not do a low-end product in 40-nanometer. So we sold a lot of low-end product into radios, and 65-nanometers, they're still shipping in volume. So really these deployments will be, today, a combination of 65, 40 and 28. I think what you see is the radios tend to migrate faster, they're high-volume. As such they do look for cost reductions. They will move to the next generation of FPGA very quickly or, alternatively, also move to other types of technology. As you remember, the ASIC conversion we had some years ago was a radio application. The baseband tends to stay in a technology for several years before transitioning. So I think it's going to be a combination. And for us, it is a combination of 65, 40 and 28. Overall, we are #1 in China. We are -- still have in the quarter a 10%-plus customer which is tied to Asia, and we're #1 in radios, we're #1 in backhaul and, this year, we'll be #1 in baseband as well. So we're very confident that were going to do very well and you see that wireless is growing very sharply for us this quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And as a follow-up, John, your 28-nanometer share has stayed around that 30% or so range for some time. What is a trigger to help you get back to -- I think your goal is to at least get to parity with Xilinx when it comes to 28-nanometer. Is it going to be a specific application? Is it a region? Is it a customer? What helps you recover your share back to your target?
John P. Daane: Yes, so our expectation is that our market share in 28, as the revenue ramps, will be at least 50%. As our competition has also commented, the high-end does ramp more slowly. One way to think of this is if you look at the applications in the high-end, their baseband for -- or base stations, they're telecom, military as examples. And those systems do require a couple of years of design and software debug qualification before they're deployed. And we're in that phase right now, where we're seeing more and more of those systems enter production. And therefore, what you're seeing is strong growth from us. I would expect -- our competition has obviously, done very well and we've commented on this in the past. In radios, that business will obviously transition in the next node fairly quickly for cost reductions, as well as some other onetime events, I think. And so we would expect this year that we will catch up to our competition in 28-nanometer revenue. As Ron commented, we expect strong growth again this quarter, second quarter over 30%, and I would not be surprised in Q2 if we were to see another 30%-plus growth quarter as well. So our expectations are we're going to catch this year.
Operator: We'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had a question on share buyback, Ron. If share count has barely budged, and I understand the convert was done later in the year, but what's the right way to think about when you say, opportunistically, you have the potential to buy back a lot of stock? What -- how should we be modeling share count for the remainder of the year? That's my first question. And then on my follow-up, back to 28, John, history shows and it has shown in the nodes time or time again that share count -- share basically normalizes back down to somewhere in the 45%, 55% range, whether it was 65 or -- in 40, 45 the same thing happened. So the question is we've heard Xilinx's perspective and you have laid out your perspective which is in the high-end. Can you give us some guide posts that help us understand why the high-end should enable you to get back, i.e., whether it's applications that you have design wins and something to help us get more convinced that, that's what's going to happen and not what Xilinx is saying?
Ronald J. Pasek: Ambrish, this is Ron. So to answer your question. First of all, we didn't do a convert. We did a straight bond, a 5-year and a 10 year. Obviously, when we did that in Q4, we couldn't be in the market repurchasing shares at the time. So after that went out, we executed some repurchase later in the quarter. Think of mostly December as when we did most of our repurchasing. So therefore, you don't see a huge movement in diluted share count because it's back-end loaded. What I said at the investor meeting in New York, you should expect over time that we will lie back in a linear fashion. Within a quarter, we will be opportunistic when we think there's a dislocation. So not an accelerated share purchase but you will see us be very aggressive when we can.
John P. Daane: On the 28-nanometer, one thing to remind everybody is our overall market share compared to our largest competitor in FPGAs is 40%. So anything that we do in the node that's north of 40% actually means that we capture market share. And I think that's important to highlight because I think people -- or in the past where our competitor has said they plan to win 50% of the 28-nanometer node. Well, at 50%, they obviously would lose market share to Altera. And that we've had over 50% or, excuse me, over 40% market share of every node since 130. And that's also important to remember in this process as well. A second point I'd make is, as we have commented and our competition has also commented, the high-end is over 50% of the FPGA industry, and we expect that to continue in the next several nodes. And in the high-end, the 28-nanometer, we clearly had an advantage in that we used a higher-performance process, which gives us a much faster fabric. We had a superior routing architecture, which is ultimately, I believe, why you're seeing changes from our competition in 20, in routing, that allowed us to do more complex designs and close them both from a timing and from a design complexity perspective. We also had lower power. So for many reasons, I think we had a superior footprint for the high-end versus our competition which really had a superior product for the midrange. And since we won a majority of designs at the high-end, and you think of, again, telecom in many of these other markets that we highlighted during our November analyst meeting, those are our strong suits for Altera in particular. So we're seeing those high-end applications ramp now, that's the strength you're seeing from our 28-nanometer business. And as I mentioned earlier, the midrange and low end is a little bit more susceptible to moving to the next node because applications like radios or consumer, which can ramp very quickly and, therefore, give you early revenue, are also applications which tend to migrate to the next node as quickly as possible, whereas the high-end tends to stay in a node for quite a long period of time due to the complexity of the design. So hopefully, that answers a little bit of the question on 28-nanometer market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: John, your revenue outlook for March is a little bit below consensus and you highlighted weakness in telecom, the networking computer segment, as well as Other. The weakness you're seeing in these areas, do you believe that it's kind of a 1-quarter phenomenon and that these segments will improve as we get into the second quarter?
John P. Daane: It's difficult to project out a quarter. I think we've been telling everybody that for many years, and so we'll stick with a 1-quarter guidance. What I would tell you is that 2 categories that are really down are Other. We had strong growth in broadcast in the fourth calendar quarter. We expect that, as well as a couple of the other markets within Other to be down in Q1. We also expect computer to be down. As I mentioned earlier, the computer market tends to be a little bit more tied to programs today and like military, have some program buys that will come 1 quarter and then go away for the next quarter. Wireless, in particular, is growing sharply. And then again, the auto, industrial, military category is expected to be flat. So that's kind of the way it rolls out. Again, if you wanted to categorize it, computer has been a little bit more volatile than other categories. It grew double digits for 2 straight quarters. It really is a primary driver for the downfall this quarter. We would hope it recovers, but again, difficult to project exactly what's going to happen 1 quarter out. We would tell you that, so far, our book-to-bill is good and that's a good sign. We are seeing people book out further even though our lead times haven't changed. That's a good sign. But we're going to be cautious and just see how things develop this quarter and ultimately next.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then on 28-nanometers since we're all keeping scores, Xilinx said they recorded about $100 million in revenue in the fourth quarter. Could you give us your number for...
John P. Daane: As Ron mentioned in the earlier script, it's 44 end of quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: John, I guess I want to go back and kind of compare this wireless CapEx cycle to kind of the '09, 2010 period. If memory serves me correct, from September of '09 over the next 4 quarters, you effectively doubled your revenue coming from the telecom and wireless end markets. I'm just kind of curious as you think about the China LTE build-out. Granted you're starting from a higher base today than you did in 2009, what kind of sequential growth or growth over time should you expect? And if you think about a peak quarter, what kind of revenue numbers should we be thinking about?
John P. Daane: Wireless is a difficult area for us to predict. The customers are very large. Obviously, we have direct contact with those customers but they do change their forecast and change their order patterns quite regularly on us. And so it does make it difficult to project out over time. Ultimately, I think that's because the carriers order at the last minute and will push out or pull in deployments depending on what their short-term plans are. I'll give you a negative and a positive if you compare back to history. The negative was during the '09-'10 cycle, which ultimately went into '11 as well, the first half of '11 in particular, we were deploying both not only to China for both 3G and 2G, but we were also deploying into North America for the LTE builds as well. Right now, where there are builds going on around the world, the most significant one is in China right now. Hopefully, we'll see some of the other major markets start to pick up, which would mean wireless has a lot of room for growth for us and for our industry. The positive is that if you look at the content that we have in 4G, it is higher than we had in 3G or 2G. And I think that's some of the reason that you're seeing, the business pick up right now, even just based on shipments to one geography. So it's a little bit different -- difficult to compare because the time frames are different, the geographies were different, the content was different. But again, as we look at wireless, the positive overall is the increase in smartphones is saturating the network. Verizon has announced that they need to add equipment as an example. There is a need to buy the equipment and I think over the next few years, you'll see a couple more geographies other than China pick up, and all of that is obviously extremely positive for us.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And also, John, as my follow-up, as you think about the strong growth in 28 sequentially expected in the March quarter, and I guess more importantly as you close that gap with Xilinx, what end markets are driving the predominance of the growth in 28 for you?
John P. Daane: It will be broad. So you want to think of it as really a lot of the markets. Because we did a low-end, a midrange and a high-end product. Generally, I think we're probably splitting the low-end with the competition. Midrange, they clearly are doing extremely well. High-end, we're doing extremely well. I would say it's most every application that we had on that pie chart that we showed in November.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So John, is the mix of 28 revenue similar to the mix of the overall business? Is that how we should think about it?
John P. Daane: Probably -- I haven't looked at it, so I couldn't say for sure. I just don't know and I'd hate to guess.
Operator: We'll go next to Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Given that Stratix V seems to be about 70% of your 28-nanometer mix currently, should we assume that you have a greater mix into base station and radios currently at the 28-nanometer node?
John P. Daane: I think at base stations yes. Radios, I would say, mixed. Maybe our competition at 28-nanometer is better than us, although we do have 40- and 28-nanometer business that's still there. I would say that it depends on the rest of the market. So let's say, generally, in telecom, we've been ahead. Base stations, generally, we're ahead. I'd have to go to computer, I believe we're well ahead of the competition storage ahead of the competition as examples, and a lot of that stuff is 28. We're seeing industrial ramp in 28 now. So it's fairly broad.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So when I combine, you and your competitor in terms of some exits, still looks like there is a majority of revenue today at least, which is about 10 quarters into the ramp of 28-nanometer from the midrange as opposed to the high-end. And that seems to be different from what we seen at previous geometry nodes. Is it the design wins that you have in place that gives you confidence that you can still get -- that the high-end will be more than a half of the total node in future quarters?
John P. Daane: Yes, I think it's the market segments. And I think if you look at a product long term, as we've talked about before, the Prototyping business will move to the next node to get the higher-end devices, so that's always transitory. It's in a node about 2 years. As we've mentioned before, Xilinx obviously enjoys that today because they have much higher density parts than we do. And then the second thing is, some of the consumer and particularly the radio business will move and migrate. And so the stuff that will remain will be a lot of the other market segments for which we're strong and those market segments are ramping right now. So we're very confident over time that we have over 50% of this node. Plus, if you look at our 20-nanometer introduction roughly right at the same time as our competition on silicon for general sampling, but we're advantaged in that we're the only ones that have shipped software for customers to use for 20-nanometer design. And so we're perfectly poised with a lot of those base station accounts -- excuse me, radio accounts, to compete and take the business with our midrange offering of Arria 10 for that product line. So those are some of the reasons. But again, I think if you look at the high-end, that's an area that we've done extremely well.
Operator: We'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: John, if you would have looked at your non-China business, and sort of today looking at the 2014, would you characterize your level of confidence in growth for 2014 higher now than it was at this time last year?
John P. Daane: For China? Or for non-China? I'm sorry...
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Non-China, non-China. Anything outside of China.
John P. Daane: Well, again, I think wireless grows this year, or at least that's our expectation at this point. China will be a contributor to that on a year-over-year basis. All of the rest of the growth in areas like, as I mentioned, military, computer, industrial predominantly will be non-China growth.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm sorry, just to clarify, your confidence in that relative to this time last year, greater or less great?
John P. Daane: Ron and I are looking at each other trying to remember.
Ronald J. Pasek: I'm trying to remember how we felt last year.
John P. Daane: I don't know that I can answer that because I don't remember what we were thinking. But our -- we did have a plan for growth last year, no doubt. We did not achieve that. But we do expect growth this year. And I'm -- last year, I don't think we necessarily commented on a lot of these verticals or framed it the way we do today. So I think we do feel good that there our industrial did bottom out in the first calendar quarter of 2013. It's grown for 3 straight quarters. That's good. There doesn't seem to be any macro reason that, that would slow down, or even if it flattens out, we're still up year-over-year. Military's based on programs that we know that are going to go into production this year. We feel very good about that. Computer, obviously, you've seen that business grow very strongly for us in 2013. Early innings in that category and we've mentioned wireless. So I think generally, -- and those account for, I should mention, segments probably for about 60% to 65% of our overall revenue. So I think we feel good. The things can happen. We'll just have to see how the year plays out but we are feeling confident that we will see, certainly, growth, and certainly growth in those verticals.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. I'm not sure if someone asked this and you couldn't answer, so I'll just ask it again. Do you expect that your -- ultimately your business that comes from China for the TD-LTE build will exceed the amount of business? And you can look at it however you want, whether on a quarterly business or in its totality, will exceed the business that you could have gotten or you did get in the TD-LTE [indiscernible] come out?
John P. Daane: I think over the long term, the deployment for TD-LTE will be greater. Two reasons for that though, Glen, that are pretty easy to triangulate on: Number one, you're going to see China Telecom do some TD-LTE deployment; and then number two, China Mobile obviously, is making a very heavy push to use TD-LTE, whereas the TD-SCDMA network was not as heavily utilized by their customer base. And so by nature, I think they will spend more to build out the network and some of the higher frequency spectrum that they're getting will require more radios just by nature of what the higher frequency requires. So I would expect the overall spend to be higher for TD-SCDMA. Certainly, the units will be much higher.
Operator: We'll go next to William Stein with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you can comment as to when you expect to start seeing measurable revenue from your 20-nanometer and ultimately your 40-nanometer product.
John P. Daane: 20-nanometer will start to sample if you look at in Q1 -- excuse me, if you look at the typical pattern you see it takes about 1.5 years for it to be about 5% of revenues, maybe a year to be 5% of revenues in a quarter, and then it grows from there. Typically the year for strong growth is the third calendar year that you'll see for a product line. And then the other thing is we will be shipping our 14-nanometer in the first calendar quarter of 2015 based on the fourth calendar quarter 2014 tape-out that we've talked about before, and then you can kind of follow the math on that one as well.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Maybe one other way to kind of go out this TD-LTE rollout. Do you anticipate this getting to a point where you see meaningful increase in the overall telecom and wireless market relative to where you are today?
John P. Daane: It's possible that telecom inventory or wireless in particular, will grow as a percentage of business. I would just bet that it would, based on the fact that we expect it to be one of the bigger growth drivers this year. But it's hard to significantly change any of the percentages within 1 year because we have so many vertical markets that are so large, our business is fairly distributed that you do not see typically a 5% change in overall as a percentage of our overall business in any vertical in any year. Just -- that would be very, very difficult to do. And generally where you saw the strong growth from our company as an example, on 2010, much faster than the industry, just to remind everybody, that was very broad-based growth. Wireless grew very strongly that year. But just about every market for the company grew between 55% to 75% over the prior year 2009. So again, that's I think why you typically don't see significant shifts as a percentage of our overall business just within 1 year. Wireless will grow as a percentage, but probably not 5 points, probably more like 1, maybe 2.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: If I can just squeeze in one more, in what inning would you estimate that we are in terms of the rollout of TD-LTE in China relative to component vendors? Because I understand that there may be some inventory at either the OEMs or at the carrier.
John P. Daane: It's -- that one is extremely hard to predict because if you go back 2 quarters ago, China Mobile was saying that they were going to deploy 200,000 in Q4. Obviously, that shifted out a little bit. Then they were making a comment that there would be perhaps an additional 100,000 to 200,000 this year, or maybe slipping into 2015. And then they recently came back and said they're going to do an additional 300,000 this year. Effectively pulling in a lot of shipments that were expected out over another couple of years. And so what you're seeing is carriers regularly change their mind and, therefore, very difficult to predict when this peaks, how long it lasts, how much they'll deploy. And again, it will also be based on what other carriers do in China and what other carriers do around the world and we do expect that in the next few years. We're going to see more in the U.S. and certainly a start in Europe. And I would say probably 3G will pick up again because some developing countries like India will start deployments en masse. And all of that would be great for us because of our strong content within wireless.
Operator: We'll go next to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Research.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Limited, Research Division: John, the Other segment it's a decent chunk of your business and it grew nicely. I'm wondering what all is included in that? And then what's driving that growth or what drove that growth in Q4? And looks like it's declined pretty meaningful in Q1, just trying to understand the different dynamics there.
John P. Daane: Yes, it includes consumer, test, medical and broadcast. As I mentioned, at the beginning of the call, broadcast was up strongly in the fourth calendar quarter and that is a market that we expect to be down. And then a couple of the other markets like, for instance, consumer, which is tied to seasonality of holidays, is expected to be down this quarter. And so that's what's driving the overall category down. I wouldn't say that there's any particular trend in that business as in you should -- we don't expect it's going to trail off. That business probably, in some quarters, some years, will be up, some years will be down. But overall is -- we just call it Other because it's hard to lump those 4 verticals into something that make sense. So it's just Other.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And then, Ron, on the gross margins, you said you expect margins to come up in the second half. I'm just curious, you guided for 69% at the Analyst Day, so do expect for the full year, 69%? And then historically, when China was strong because of larger customers, your gross margins actually were negatively impacted. So if China remains strong, can you still improve your gross margins?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, so I'm confident that you'll see margin improve throughout the year. It is being affected by the strong quarter in Q1 for wireless particularly in China. I mentioned in my script some pricing practices and cost reductions. There are some things we're doing that are different than prior years. So I expect that to kick in in the last 3 quarters. So I'm still confident of the guidance I gave at the November meeting.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Now that you're sampling your 20-nanometer solution, can you give us an idea of where you think that, that'll find traction?
John P. Daane: We'll be sampling 20-nanometer in the March month. The 20-nanometer initial designs are broad-based because it is a midrange family that actually has higher performance than the current Stratix V series and has some higher density as well. So it's a pretty good series with high-performance transceivers as well. It covers a lot of markets. We're seeing a lot of traction in wireless. We're seeing a lot of traction in military, telecom applications. So it's -- and those are just a few of them. It's computer -- it's pretty broad-based at this point. I have a lot of customers designing. And again, if I were to say what is our advantage today, it's having the software out, and that's allowing us to engage with customers and allowing them to do the design work. And that's really allowing us to go to our market much earlier than the competition.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And if I could, for my follow-up, one for Ron. On the OpEx, you said you're sticking with your 7 50 for the year. We're starting off well below that trend. You're calling for an uptick in the June quarter to have the first half and back half equal each other. It would assume that I have to have a downtick to have that balance. Is that downtick in September or December?
Ronald J. Pasek: No, I'm not going to say. What I'll say, remember in the November meeting, I mentioned that there were 2 things that were incremental in spending from '13 to '14. One was the annualization of the 2 acquisitions we did mid-2013. And the second one, I showed on a chart a $32 million for increase in mask and wafers and tools, tape-outs supporting the product plan we have. So those, as you well know, are very lumpy. So that's what you're seeing, you're seeing no lump in Q1, no lump in Q2 and you'll see a lump in the second half at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the previous question. Ron, I know this is longer term, but you said the expense growth will slow markedly next year in 2015. Is it possible that OpEx could be flattish or slightly up? Or R&D could be flattish or slightly up for next year?
Ronald J. Pasek: It's a good question, Chris, and John talked about this in his script as well. I don't want to comment on what we think it will be other than our plan is to grow OpEx slower than revenue. We haven't done the plan yet. Again, we try to be competitive with salaries. So you're always -- you always have a little bit of a headwind for raises and things like that. So there's got to be some increment. But again, I think what I talked about in November was an operating model that encouraged minimal OpEx growth and we grow revenue faster than OpEx for several years.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then my follow-up question probably for John. John, I think you mentioned in the past that you've used 20-nanometer node as, I guess, transitional or a little bit smaller. Is that -- does that still hold? I guess what will be your view on 20-nanometers? What other can we expect in a bunch of other product families to come out at 20? Or were you just going to make the leap directly to the Intel at 14?
John P. Daane: Chris, the reason we're doing only a midrange in 20 is, when we looked at the high-end, we originally had higher density members of the family planned and power consumption was just too high. And it's because we're using a planar process. And in many of the applications that we're in, the applications or -- they're not in applications or boxes which have cooling or fans. They're in things like radios or base stations or telecom systems or military where power is a very significant issue. And we found with the higher density or high-end members using 20-nanometer, the power consumption simply was too high for the applications and not usable. And so with the FinFET availability, the high-end really needs to be a FinFET, because that allows you to get the power consumption down for the much higher density fully featured devices. And so for us, we'll move it to '14. I would expect the competition will probably do something within what is called 16FF with the competition, which is more of a 20. And I think overall, because we're a generation ahead in process technology, that will allow us to have much higher density, much higher performance, as well as lower power, which is why we believe we really capture a vast majority of the high-end when we introduce the 14-nanometer. But again, the reason for only a midrange in 20 really came down to power consumption, and it just wasn't doable within a planar process.
Operator: We'll go next to the Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe just the high-level -- I'm just trying to understand the mechanics on the Guide-by segment. You're guiding the whole business down. It would suggest some pretty material double-digit declines in networking, computer, Other, and only a modest increase in Telecom and Wireless. I just want to make sure I have those mechanics right.
John P. Daane: Yes, there's a modest increase in telecom and wireless because where wireless is up sharply, telecom is down. Then you get the automotive, industrial, military segment, as we coached, was flat. Networking and computer are both down, but it's really driven by computer. And as we mentioned, it's the program timing situation that we're in because of the data center builds that tend to build for a couple of quarters and then pause and again, as our business in computer matures, we would expect those fluctuations to attenuate. And then the Other is down both because of broadcast and consumer. So -- and between Other and computer and networking, those groups are down quite significantly, and you're right, that does drive the overall business down.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just for a follow-up, if the telecom -- wireless is up modestly, wireless up sharply, obviously, that means wireline is down pretty materially. Could you just explain what's causing that? It was weak in December and then now much weaker in March.
John P. Daane: Slower deployments in optical and access are the primary reasons for that. Remind you that within the telecom space is traditional telecom equipment, and generally, what's in our networking space, which is combined with computer, is more of the traditional networking products such as routers and switches that would be sold to corporations rather than service providers.
Operator: We'll go next to David Lewis [ph] with Indaba Global Research [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I just have one question, a clarification. In the Telecom and Wireless business, what approximately was the mix in the fourth quarter between the 2 categories?
John P. Daane: Wireless is about 2/3, Telecom is about 1/3. And you contrast that with probably 1.5 years ago, we used to say 60-40. So Wireless has grown a little bit more, Telecom has shrunk. Obviously within the 2013 numbers that I mentioned where wireless was only slightly down, telecom was down significantly for the full year. That's what's caused that slight shift.
Unknown Analyst: Oh, I see. I was trying to reconcile your slower numbers relative to Xilinx. I guess the category's a little differently defined. I get that.
Operator: We'll go next to Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: John, TSMC has recently kind of indicated that, at 16FF, the transistor density is not as poor as some had thought and it approaches the transistor density of Intel at '14 FinFET. Can you weigh in on that commentary? Maybe they're not as far behind as some had suggested?
John P. Daane: So we used only publicly announced material when we talked about that. And so if you go back in time, there is material from TSMC that shows that the scaling or -- which is density, between 20 SoC and 16FF they're the same, there's no scaling. And obviously, we used the Intel material and then both on wafer prices being higher in 16 that came from both conference calls from Xilinx, as well TSMC. So we were completely using what is information provided by the vendors themselves. Now I did hear within the TSMC conference call that they commented that their 16FF may have scaling today and maybe old material was wrong, I can't comment on that. That could be true. There was a second element that they discussed which is the fact that the transistor is faster, therefore you're going to need fewer gates to achieve a design, and that will also mean the dye size is smaller. That would be true with any vendor of a FinFET. And so when you compare technologies, you're not going to give one vendor that benefit and not the other vendor that benefit. So you really need to pull that out and just look at the pure scaling from the design roles. And I think from that perspective, we see that the company that we're engaged with, Intel, is still a full generation ahead, density, performance, power. And we're absolutely convinced that we're going to have the best product for the high-end space.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Chu - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Mike Chu for Ross. A question about telecom and wireless revenues. If I look back to the '09 through 2012 timeframe, I see a lot of volatility in the quarterly or the sequential growth rates of that segment. Then I noticed in -- just from the past few quarters, that growth rate has sort of moderated smaller up, smaller downs. I was wondering what is driving that and I guess could we see a quarter with the pull in of the base stations and the 500,000 number, could we see a quarter where we see kind of that double-digit kind of growth again? Or has something materially changed in that end market segment for you guys?
John P. Daane: I'm just looking at -- I don't have the full history of several years and quarters in front of me, so I don't know that I can really comment on that. And yes, I don't know if I could really offer any clear guidance there. I mean, there have been times in prior years that you've seen the telecom and wireless segment, as well as many of our other market segments grow double digits in a quarter. That is entirely possible given any quarter. You see that...
Michael Chu - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, for example, in the second quarter, third quarter of 2010, you saw 20% increases, and then maybe the June sort of '12 period, you saw 33% increase sequentially. I'm just wondering, is that possible again? Or did you just have more diverse customer base, more diverse products into that end market where you wouldn't see that kind of volatility?
John P. Daane: I think you'll always see some volatility within these markets depending on what's happening. I think Telecom and Wireless is a segment that has a little bit more concentration in terms of customers, which is why we tend to have larger vendors as a percentage of our overall business. It's still very possible for us to see very strong growth quarters. I think we tend to -- as we've discussed in the past, underperformed during a downturn probably because people cut inventory on PLDs. We outperform on an upturn probably because we've been in a situation where they've overly depleted our inventory need to buy. Combined with the fact that 2010, '11 were really infrastructure spend years, '12 and '13 had been more in the consumer area. It feels like there's a little bit more of a shift back to the infrastructure area. Infrastructure benefits us. We're not a consumer player. So we could see those. I just -- it's impossible for us to predict or say for sure.
Michael Chu - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on gross margins. You guided gross margins is down a bit because of mix. I was just wondering if that's mainly driven by the strength in wireless? Or is there also the fact that broadcast and computer are down that's also driving that slight decline in gross margins?
Ronald J. Pasek: Exactly. It's a combination of a strong wireless quarter, a weak Other, a weak computer and a flat aim, yes.
John P. Daane: Telecom -- telecom's down.
Operator: We'll go next to Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In your comments upfront, you talked about the computer business being lumpy and having kind of program buy similar to military. I guess that characterization kind of surprised me. So I don't really think of it being that project-oriented. So what are the lumps that you see there? And...
John P. Daane: So a lot of the early revenue that we have has been from companies who build their own servers and, therefore, are populating their own data farms or their own systems and farms. And so as our business starts to penetrate the traditional server manufacturers themselves, I think that's where you'll see the business become a little less volatile. But today, you do see a number of the search companies, social media companies that build large data centers that will do heavy build-outs 1 quarter and then maybe stop for a quarter and then start again because they're doing it location-by-location. And that's why our business is slightly more volatile right now than it otherwise would be.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then is there any update on the stock silicon interconnect roadmap for 3D? What are your plans there?
John P. Daane: Yes, so our plans are to utilize that technology for building complex system products. We have not announced anything specific as yet, so I will let the marketing group announce that before we talk about it here.
Operator: We'll go next to Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Couple of questions, I mean, China has a checkered past in terms of announcing how many base stations they're deploying, how many eventually works out. So John, you made some comments about 500,000 base stations. So I have 2 questions around this. One, based on your historical knowledge of China, what do you think will play out? I mean, there are many puts and takes? And second, when you look at China, clearly, that's going to be a big driver for your growth this year and next year. What do you consider a good kind of build-out with respect to Altera? Are you talking about, if there's 150,000 base station rollout that's good enough for you guys to do a 10% growth on the top line for 2014, assuming we don't see any deterioration of other segments? Can you give us some qualitative commentary?
John P. Daane: Okay, the second part of the question, I really can't comment on. We haven't provided any detail of the ASP and numbers of units per system or percentage of business that we would get from X base stations or Y radios. So I've got nothing to add there. As to China, I think China and the carriers are very similar to really what we've seen with carriers elsewhere in that what they announce and what they actually do in the short run does change. They could push out, they could push in. We've seen that also from the major carriers in the U.S, where they may announce an increase in CapEx, and you see it's a couple of quarters before that actually happens. However, what we have seen from China is they tend to deploy more equipment than is actually publicly announced within the bids. And that's always been a great benefit of ours. And to some extent, I think that additional equipment does go to some of the local vendors. And obviously we're very strong in China and we benefit from that. So I think over time there'll be more equipment deployed than you're seeing in the numbers that are announced. Certainly, we saw that in all of the 2G and 3G systems and bids.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And as a follow-up, do you guys worry about CapEx allocations from infrastructure to handset subsidies?
John P. Daane: It's always been curious. And so I would think it would be a tremendous positive if those subsidies were to lighten. Because in talking to some of the carriers, they will spend as much sometimes on the subsidies as they do on CapEx. And so that's why it's curious to me. I think if they were ever to change that policy, then there would be a significant amount of cash available to improve and build out their networks. And I think that would be very positive for us. Not something obviously we control but it is something I do monitor.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: John, you talked about experienced softness in networking related to some of the enterprise demand situation that's presumably a result of cloud migration. On the other hand, you also mentioned exposure to lumpy compute build trends from some of the larger build-your-own server guys. To the best of your ability to see those 2 forces working against each other, how are you faring in that? Meaning, what projects or what products might you be related to on either side? And what does that mean for your growth prospects in those areas?
John P. Daane: Yes, in computer it's all high-end, so it's all going to be our Stratix technology. And really what they're doing is using the product for acceleration. CPUs generally, whether -- you can choose any instruction set, were ultimately not designed to handle mathematics algorithms. And the FPGA having the DSP structures embedded in them with the logic that allows you to do a lot in terms of shaping and preprocessing traffic allows an acceleration of algorithms-like search, which is a math algorithm or compression, as an example, which is used for pictures. And so a lot of the companies are finding that using an FPGA, you can accelerate your algorithm at a fraction of the power consumption of what a CPU would take. And as you're probably aware, power is the #1 spend for a data center, not the CapEx itself. So using an FPGA to lower power is actually a double win. So it's our high-end product, again, we have seen this happen to us. I think it was, I want to say, the first calendar quarter of last year may have been soft in computer as well. Some of that is because the first quarter is always soft in computer generally. But additionally, just -- there's been some volatility in the past in the computer area in particular. It could be that Q2 is also soft, I don't remember.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then also relating to your comments earlier on what TSMC is saying about their 60-nanometer FinFET versus what you're doing with Intel at 14-nanometer? Do you anticipate Intel is the only roadmap you need in FinFET for the foreseeable future? Or would you imagine broadening your product mix to incorporate what others in the foundry business are doing?
John P. Daane: Yes, at 14- or the 20-nanometer node, because you've got 2 companies that are doing 20-nanometer FinFET, you've got Intel doing a 14. Within those, 14 with Intel is all we're going to do. When it goes to 10-nanometer, that's where we will obviously look and see what's the best technology both from a capability of performance, density, cost, availability and we'll make a decision at that particular time.
Scott Wylie: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: We actually have no other questions at this time.
Scott Wylie: Well, listen, with that said, why don't we wrap up today? And as a final comment, as to conferences this quarter, we'll present at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference in San Francisco on February 12. And then on March 3, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference also in San Francisco. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Director of Investor Relations Brian Krzanich - Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director, Corporate Strategy
Analysts: Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Blayne Curtis - Barclays Patrick Wang – Evercore Doug Freedman - RBC Capital John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Romit Shah - Nomura Glen Yeung - Citi Christopher Roland - FBR Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs David Wong - Wells Fargo Vivek Arya - BoA/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Intel Corporation Q3 2013 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Henninger. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Nova, and welcome everyone to Intel's third quarter 2013 conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you have not received both documents, they are currently available currently on our Investor website, intc.com. I am joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we will hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussions contain forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, it does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also if, during this call, we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. And finally, I would like to remind everyone that we will be hosting our Investor Day here at our Santa Clara headquarters on November 21. If you have questions about the event or the logistics, please contact Investor Relations. So with that, let me hand the call over to Brian.
Brian Krzanich: Thanks, Mark. During the third quarter, our revenue grew 5% sequentially and was flat versus the third quarter of 2012. Year-over-year PC CPU volume declines slowed and were offset by solid growth in the data center and enterprise. While consumer demand in emerging markets was sluggish, we started to see early signs of improvement in North America and Western Europe. I see our performance in this environment as evidence of an increasingly broad and diverse product portfolio. I would like to highlight a few of the most important results from the quarter. Following the launch of Ivy Bridge EP and the Atom-based Avoton SoCs, the Data Center group delivered all-time record revenue. DCG saw strength across its lines of business and geographies. Cloud revenue was up 40% year-over-year, storage was up 20%, and high performance computing was up 27%. Even traditional enterprise servers were up a bit over the last year on the strength of our MP product line. While the Data Center Group's results demonstrate some of Intel's core capabilities, we saw strong performance beyond DCG. Our embedded business grew 21% year-over-year, reaching an all-time record for revenue driven by communications infrastructure, transportation, the internet of things, and retail. Embedded revenue is well on its way to a double-digit growth year. Just a few weeks ago, we announced our newest product family, Quark, an ultra-low power and low-cost architecture. And while any significant revenue impact is some time away, the architecture and the speed with which we are bringing it to market are evidence of the changes we are making to ensure we are in a better position to lead and define technology trends moving forward. Finally, our NAND business grew 20% over last year. As enterprise and data center customers increasing use of high-performance SSDs have put this segment on a path to double-digit growth for the year. We continue to make progress with the industry's first 14 -nanometer manufacturing process and our second-generation 3D transistors. Broadwell, the first product on 14 nanometers is up and running as we demonstrated at the Intel Developer Forum last month. While we are comfortable with where we are at with yields, from a timing standpoint, we are about a quarter behind our projections. As a result, we are now planning to begin production in the first quarter of next year. In the Wireless business, I was pleased with our progress on LTE. Our multimode data modem is now available in the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. By the end of the year, we expect to have voice-over-LTE versions available for customers and our second generation of voice-over-LTE product with carrier aggregation will be available in the first half of next year. Over the past couple of months, we have also launched 15 new 22-nanometer Atom SoCs. These products are designed for markets ranging from consumer tablets to cloud data centers. During the holiday selling season, you will see Atom SoCs and tablets as low as $99, and in 2-in-1 systems as low as $349. At the same time, you will also find Haswell Systems with outstanding performance and 50% better battery life using Windows 8, Mac OS, and Chrome as low as $299. Together, Bay Trail and Haswell are making possible a range of innovative new form factors at breakthrough price points. The past few years have seen dramatic changes in the way consumers use and interact with technology, and those trends aren't slowing down. While preferences for form factor OS’s and price points have evolved, the market’s appetite for computing has continued to grow. We are going into the fourth quarter with the broadest portfolio in Intel's history, positioned to fully participate in all of that growth. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Brian. The third quarter revenue came in as expected and gross margin was slightly better than the mid-point of the forecasted range. Third quarter revenue came in at $13.5 billion, up 5% from the second quarter. At the segment level, the PC Client Group grew 4%, sequentially, and the Data Center Group grew 6%. The Data Center Group returned to double-digit year-on-year growth in the third quarter growing 12% from a year ago. As expected, inventory levels across the worldwide PC supply chain grew slightly as customers built Haswell-based PCs, but inventory levels are still being managed well below historical averages. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we are forecasting the mid-point of the revenue range at $13.7 billion, up 2% from the third quarter. Relative to the historical seasonal increase, the fourth quarter forecast reflects the orders we are receiving from our customers and their desire to keep inventory levels lean. Moving to gross margin, third quarter gross margin of 62% was up 4 points from the second quarter and up 1 point from our guidance. The increase from the second quarter was as a result of lower platform unit costs, higher platform revenue, and lower write-offs. In addition, factory start-up costs came down in the third quarter as spending on process engineers was reclassified from cost of sales to R&D. For the fourth quarter, we expect gross margin to decrease by 1 point to 61% as we increase factory spending on 14 nanometer. For the third quarter, spending was down $100 million from expectations and flat from the second quarter at $4.7 billion. The $100 million decrease from expectations was as a result of a lot of small actions across the company to reduce spending. For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting spending consistent with the third quarter at $4.7 billion. In order to better align resources with our priorities, during the third quarter we approved and communicated several restructuring actions. Restructuring charges in the third quarter were just north of $100 million and we expect restructuring in the fourth quarter to be roughly flat. Operating income for the third quarter was $3.5 billion with earnings per share of $0.58. Taking a look at the balance sheet, total cash investments ended the quarter at $19.1 billion, up $1.8 billion from the second quarter. In the third quarter, we generated approximately $6 billion in cash from operations, paid approximately $1 billion in dividends, purchased almost $3 billion in capital assets, and repurchased over $0.5 billion in stock. Inventories were flat from the second quarter. The fourth quarter revenue forecast of up 2% reflects the caution we are seeing from our customers due to weak consumer end markets for the PC segment of our business. That said, we are seeing some important positive trends. The enterprise market for PCs strengthened in the third quarter and the consumer markets in the U.S. and Europe appear to have bottomed out. Our Data Center business returned to double digit year-on-year growth based on a resumption of growth in the enterprise market segment and continued robust growth in cloud, high-performance computing, and storage. From a product perspective, we have an unprecedented line-up of products coming to the market this holiday season. Haswell delivers a historical increase in battery life across the diverse lineup of ultra-mobile form factors by like 2-in-1 convertibles, tablets, and other touch enabled devices. We are also starting to see our customers come to market with Bay Trail based designs that will further extend our product line across screen sizes and price points in both tablets and PCs. This extension of our product lineup across devices, price points, and operating systems positions us to grow our business across a broad range of compute devices. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: Alright. Thank you, Brian and Stacy. Moving on to Q&A, as is our normal practice we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Nova, would you like to go ahead and introduce our first question please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Can you talk about the future client market, if you look a the IDC data, they actually showed sequential growth was a little higher than yours. So I know you have got tired of us asking all the time why you guys were above them when they were negative, just any reconciliation that you could give us on – they looked like they showed 8% sequential growth, a reconciliation of their numbers to yours.
Stacy Smith: Joy, I think when you get into the quarter-on-quarter movements, its hard to tie out. When we look at their view of the year and our view of the year, it still is roughly in line. So it could come down to just what's happening in the inventory pipeline, sometime differences come down to what's happening in China. But I think we are pretty aligned with their view. Remember, our unit growth will be a little higher than what they show in their headline PC number because our unit growth will include things like tablets and 2-in-1’s and things like that.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, and then the comment that inventories in the PC supply chain built slightly sequentially, but it is still below normal. Can you characterize what's going on there and where do you expect that to go over the course for the rest of this year?
Stacy Smith: Yes, I think it's a continuation, Joe, of what we have seen over the last four or five quarters that our customers are managing the worldwide inventory of PC supply to lean levels. I think it's a reflection of just how dynamic the industry is and in some of the markets how volatile it is, so they are keeping inventory levels low. That was true in Q2. It's true in Q3, and the expectation in Q4 is that people will continue to manage things lean. I would say for our own inventory levels, you know, we have taken $1 billion-plus out of our aggregate inventory, it was relatively flat quarter-on-quarter. Again, as I think about Q4, I think we will keep our inventory levels flat-to-down from this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: If you could just provide some general color on when you look at your outlook of plus-2 within desktops, notebooks, and servers, did you expect all three segments to grow into December? Thanks.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. This is Brian. We don't see those as varying greatly amongst them, so we see all of those segments growing as we move into the fourth quarter. As we said in our prepared statements, what we saw in the third quarter and we believe will move into the fourth quarter as well is stabilization in what I will call the mature markets, the U.S., Western Europe, and with Asia and especially China still remains relatively volatile, and that's where we see the growth as well as in mature and emerging Western Europe and U.S. markets.
Stacy Smith: If I can get some color on the server portion, Brian, was talking about the clients there. In the server market, we saw nice unit growth in Q3, and I would actually expect that unit growth on a year-over-year basis to accelerate in Q4, so I think we will have an acceleration of server, DCG revenue growth when we get into the fourth quarter and that will be significantly above the corporate average.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: Thanks for that. Then maybe a little early on Bay Trail, but if you could just talk about the customer adoption and then any early indications of sales of those products, and then as you look at just kind of touch-enabled device, have those expectations of adoption of that progressed through the year and as you look into the holiday season?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. This is again, Brian. Remember, Bay Trail has always been a second half and really a late second half introduction product and that was a pull-in, so we pulled that in in order to bring it into 2013. We’ve seen great adoption. We have over 50 design wins with about half of those being 2-in-1 devices. We’ve talked about those devices hitting new price points. The other place Bay Trail is going into is tablets. We think that by Black Friday, you will see 8 to 10 SKUs on shelf, so that's the last thing we had hoped for, but that still shows – the 50 design win shows really strong adoption. The second part of your question was around touch, which is a broader question. We continue to see touch adoption growing month-by-month as the price points come down, and the price points at are now is below $50. We have put touch as a requirement for the fourth-generation Core Ultrabooks, and you are seeing Bay Trail clamshells with touch enabled at $299, which is a new real price point for touch-enabled devices, so we see it continuing to grow as we enter next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang of Evercore. Your line is open.
Patrick Wang - Evercore: Great. Thanks a lot. You guys talked a lot about traction in your low-priced tablets, Chromebooks, handset, handset. Even you talked about Avoton and low power server. Your notebook ASP, I think, was also down slightly year-over-year. Can you give us some perspective on the trajectory of your ASPs longer term, and then -- I mean is there something that really concerns you guys?
Stacy Smith: ASP for us will really be a function of mix. I think, we have a very strong competitive position. When you think about the server segment of our business, the core segment of our product line, I think the pricing within the bands in those markets is pretty stable. We haven’t been increasing pricing even at that time period where our ASP increases has just been a function of mix. If I think out the next couple years, what is think often is is you will see those higher end price bands were driving for some low level of growth. You will see faster growth at the low end price bands and then you will see faster growth in the server segment of our business. And how it plays out to the average is going to be a function of mix. The thing you don't want to lose here though, and we have talked about before is that we have very different cost structures among the different segments of the business. So for us, Bay Trail effect has a lower ASP, it isn’t necessarily a bad thing relative to a Celeron, but it also has a much better cost structure relative to the Celeron.
Patrick Wang - Evercore: I understand. Okay, thanks very much for that and then also, I think you talked about delays of Broadwell production by quarter. If you had ramped it this quarter, what would the impact have been to gross margins? I guess, in other words, what is some of the things we should think about when that production actually ramps?
Stacy Smith: So, no impact to Q3 gross margin. I think you are going to see that on reconciliation. And no impact to Q4 gross margin from what we are expecting. As I kind of telegraphed on the call last time, 14-nanometer spending was projected and will increase quarter-on-quarter. That will be about 0.5 point decrement to gross margin, but that's the same decrement. It will probably hit us in different buckets, but it's the same impact in gross margin.
Patrick Wang - Evercore: Okay, and nothing different in the first quarter?
Stacy Smith: Yes, I also would give you the same answer as I think about 2014. Roughly speaking, the spending on 14-nanometer is going to be the same, which means that the gross margin impact over the course of 2014 will be the same as it was. Again, it may hit in different buckets, but it will be the same gross margin impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman of RBC Capital.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And Stacy, if I could just build on that a little bit going through. Can you give us an idea of what type of startup charges we are going to weather next year?
Stacy Smith: Yes, that's probably a better conversation for the investor meeting that’s in a month. I will start to give some of the puts and takes in 2014 gross margin and how we are viewing the business. But it is related back to the question that was just asked on the 14-nanometer push. So let me walk you through a little bit about the categorization in Q4, which may give you some insight into how this could play out. As I said and as Brian said, we are moving production on 14 nanometer out about a quarter. We are seeing an increase in 14 nanometer spending in Q4 as we would have expected. What we thought a quarter ago and what I telegraphed on the call is, that as that spending increases and we start production, we move cost from startup to production costs, but then we reserve it out. And if you remember last quarter on the call, I said expect some headwinds in Q4 to gross margin because we would have an increase in reserves. Well, as we push the production date, what you will see is the same impact on gross margin but in Q4 there is likely to be a little bit of an increase in startup cost and then you won't see the reserve impact that we had expected a quarter ago. So slightly different buckets. I still expect next year you will see a reduction in startup cost. It maybe a little less than what we have seen in other even number years but then you will see an offset on the other side of that of reserves, and so the same gross margin impact over the course of the year.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital: Great. So my follow-up, Brian, could you give us an idea of your first couple of quarters here and we have noticed clearly, with Quark and your move to try to make the company move a little quicker, we are now having restructuring charges. What are those restructuring charges targeted at and what might be some the trigger points that you have to make you move the shift in a different direction? Is the slowdown in PCs or notebooks? Is there a trigger point that makes you change the way in which you attack some of these businesses?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. So first I would separate a bit the restructuring charges from our desire to move quicker and into broader markets. Restructuring charges were mostly around the shutdown of the Hudson, Massachusetts factory. That was really talking about a factory, that was our last 200 millimeter factory on 130 nanometer. That factory had just finished its life as factory and it couldn't be upgraded to 14-nanometers, so that what most of that was. In general, restructuring charges aren't necessarily driven by how you move an organization like this into innovative new areas. For me, the way I look at this is, this is really about pushing our architecture in both directions. It's moving down and moving Atom to be more integrated, more capable with higher graphics and higher connectivity. Then moving up on the data center side with more robust products there, more integration up there and more unique products by customers and by workload to target those areas that can utilize our core technology. The trigger pose for me as we move through these is really around how fast the organization able to adapt, so we have a process coming where we want to be able to adjust products, because we believe these markets haven't been changing up until the last minute before you shipped something, so three or four months before product is going to shipped, we want to get to a point where we could make changes in the characteristics of those products and we are always away from that maybe a year, year-and-a-half, but we believe we can get to a place where we have to kind of flexibility and IT configuration that we can do that.
Stacy Smith: I think that I will give Brian a little more credit revenue he is giving himself. He is right there in the restructuring piece, the asset impairment is almost entirely driven by the factory. The larger portion of that is the people movement piece of it and I think Brian and Renee are both, moving fast in terms of picking areas where they want to make investment, picking areas where we are going to invest less and so that's the lion share of that particularly line item and in almost all of the Q4 number is just as we are looking to move people from one part of the company to make investments in area where we think we are going to get an enhanced return.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open, sir.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Brian just a follow-up on the Broadwell. I am just kind of curious why the push out? Can you elaborate a little bit? Is this is technical issue and if it is, why are you confident you overcame it or is this really a market issue? I.e. there's a little bit excessive Ivy Bridge inventory which is pushing out Haswell, which is the ramp, which is pushing Broadwell. If you could elaborate on that that would be great.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. It's absolutely not the latter. It was simply a defect density issue. This was on the issue -- as we develop these technologies, what you are doing? You are continually improving the defect densities and those resulted in the yield, the number of die per wafer that you get out of the product and what happened as you insert a set of fixes in groups, you will put four or five, maybe sometimes six or seven fixes into a process and group it together, run it through and you will expect an improvement rate occasionally as you go through that. The fixes don't deliver all of the improvements [stock], we had one of those. Why do I have confidence? Because, we have got back now and added additional fixes, gotten back onto that curve, so we have confidence that the problem is fixed, because we have actually data and defects and so that gives us the confidence that we are to keep moving forward now and that happens sometimes in these development phases like this, so that's why we are going to over it a quarter. Member of Broadwell and Haswell are incompatible for the unit for the most part these will slide into existing systems and it delivers the next generation of the low-power Broadwell. Why? Which is you give even more capability for fanless core products, so we and our OEM partners have a strong desire to get Broadwell to the market, so if I could there would be nothing slowing down. This is a small blip in schedule and we will continue on from here.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Perfect. That's helpful, Brian. As my follow-up, Stacy, the last couple of quarters relative to the gross margin bridge or puts and takes you have kind of given ASP as a potential allowance on the downside and I guess I didn't see that in Q4, which it kind of confuses me a little bit given that that's the Bay Trail quarter ramp and so - or are you just getting more confidence as you are mixing lower that that ASP is not a factor in gross margin and how should I think about that.
Stacy Smith: Well, I think it goes back to the question I asked earlier, so as we are successful with Bay Trail, it will cause the average ASP to come down in the client group but keep in mind, we are forecasting a very robust growth rate in the data center. So you have the highest end of the Intel product family growing significantly faster than the rest.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Stacy Smith: By the way, I think it is also notable in Q3. Our AFP was up a measure. There was about 0.5 point of gross margin good news which was better than I expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah - Nomura: Great, thank you. On DCG, you guys have been talking about double digit annual growth target for the year. and just based on my math, you would need to grow data center plus 20% in the fourth quarter to get there. So could you talk a little bit about near-term momentum? Then as a follow-up, I just wanted to ask about the Federal shut down. It seems like its dragging on. I am wondering if you are seeing any impact here, broader enterprise business?
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy. I will take those and Brian can editorialize on our elective representatives. On the data center, don't pin me down to exactly 10% growth but we are going to be within spitting distance of that for the year. That does imply a growth rate that's significantly accelerated from the 12% that we had in Q3 and that's what I expect and that's what Brian expects and GM of that business. Generally what we are seeing, and Brian talked about the really robust growth rates we are seeing in the cloud, high-performance computing, storage and we have seen a resumption of some growth rate in the enterprise which has been the headwind that we have been facing in that business. To your question on the debt deal and debate, I would say, we have not seen any impacts in our business. I think generally the financial markets have been pretty tame in their reaction to this. It is, in U.S. is going to make good on its debt applications.
Brian Krzanich: I am not going to comment any further on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung of Citi. Your line is open.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Brian, I probably heard this one but just wanted to clarify. You made a reference earlier to MacOS. Were you suggesting that you would see Bay Trail devices in the MacOS?
Brian Krzanich: No, I said that we would have products across the board. It's Haswell.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Okay, very good. Just wanted to clarify.
Brian Krzanich: That was a group thing. I think that comment was around Bay Trail and Haswell and all OS forms.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Okay, glad we clarified that then. As a follow-up, I did want a little more color, if you would on what you are seeing in enterprise? It's just did what I have been seeing in the quarter as well but what I don't understand and hopefully you may have more color on it. Is the fact that as enterprise suggest they are back at maybe a more sustainable trend than we would otherwise see? And do you see any underlying reasons to why enterprise is maybe getting there?
Brian Krzanich: Well, so you are talking about the classic enterprise? I think this is a case where the restuff until recent times, especially in the U.S. as companies became more comfortable with what the spending horizon was going to be and what their projections for the rest of the year were, they started to unleash IT budgets and so we started to see an uptick in that, especially Western Europe and the U.S. started to grow again slightly. Do we think it will be continually at least through the fourth quarter? We are not making any projections yet for 2014. We will talk about those at our investor meeting. But you can imagine that given where we are with cloud and networking and storage and the enterprise, we are seeing the same kind of projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Roland of FBR. Your line is open.
Christopher Roland - FBR: Guys, thanks for the question. I thought maybe you guys could give us a little more granularity into what's going on with the other IA operating loss. Do we think that this is about as large as it gets as Bay Trail ramps? How do we think about that on an ongoing basis? Is this a good run rate, or how do you guys sort of forecast that going forward?
Stacy Smith: I think, I can [anecdotally] say for right now it is not a good run rate. We don't enter businesses to lose money, so our intent is to improve it. I think it's probably worthwhile to talk about what's happening year-over-year, quarter-on-quarter, probably year-over-year is the more illustrative portion of that. What you see going on in other IA is, first and foremost the embedded or the Intelligent Systems Group had a very good quarter, record revenues, robust growth rate, very profitable, offsetting that is really three things that impact the operating profit. First, netbooks are coming to the end of their life as category. We are down to some single-digit millions of revenue from netbooks. A year ago, that was pretty robust and those were pretty profitable products. A year ago, if you recall, we were talking about a buying pattern from one particular customer in modem space that didn't repeat this year, so you get a little bit of a year-on-year comp and then the other impact is this is a place where we have been making significant investments. The things that we have been talking about here of having products SoCs that span across price points, across operating systems. Those are places where we are making investments. We believe that investment is really important to the future of the company and we believe that investment gives us a differentiated competitive advantage out in time and lets us bring the best products to the market out in time.
Christopher Roland - FBR: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. Also on the Broadwell quarter push out, do we make up for that at some point in the future, or would this also push Skylake?
Brian Krzanich: We do not think it will push Skylake, so this is just - and in fact will even make up in total volume within a quarter or two after the one quarter push, so we tend to make these up very quickly. The two are independent. The early learning that's going on during the process development has no impact on Skylake's ability to come to market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Stifel, Nicolaus & Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted few more details on the data center some of the moving parts. Stacy, you said that you expected unit growth to accelerate fourth quarter. Would that be because of the Avoton, or do you expect the ASPs to go up also. Is that the mix shift going to higher performance servers?
Stacy Smith: Before you give an [inch], I think I am not going to get more granular than I got. I would expect that unit growth accelerates from what we saw in Q3 and revenue growth accelerates from the 12% year-over-year growth we saw in Q3. Can I get more granular than that?
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. Maybe if you could just tell us about the third quarter with ASPs up 2%, was that mostly driven by the introduction of E5 or is it an overall shift towards higher performance computing?
Stacy Smith: Yes. I would say it was probably more tied to the fact that the Enterprise segment went from decline to some single-digit growth and that is tied to the E5. It's a combination of those two things, but the enterprise tends to buy pretty rich mix of MP that's why it's such an important segment for us and so single-digit growth there is pretty helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Thank you very much. My first question is on the guidance, Brian, and you told us that your guidance is based on what you are seeing, the order patterns that you are seeing. Just wanted a little bit more color as to in terms of form factors from your OEM customers as well as from you. There seems to be more out there, so in your opinion, what is it? Is it not the right form factor from OEMs, which is causing - we wanted to understand the macro is pretty anemic, but in the contest of new products that are coming on, it has to be disappointing for you to see the order pattern, so what is in your opinion that's causing that and I had a quick follow-up after that please.
Brian Krzanich: I am not sure I can fully understand your question. If you question is around the number and variety of form factors, we are actually pretty excited about the rate of innovation we are seeing in 2-in-1s, in convertibles, in OS forms, Android, chromebooks and Win8, 8.1. So we have been pretty enthusiastic about what we are seeing. In fact we have been meeting with most of our customers and OEMs and looking at their Q1 lineup with them and I have been astonished by the amount of innovation and creative designs that are coming. I think when you talk about just the market in general how we see it, we are trying to bring innovation to the PC but we are also trying to move into these markets that are growing already like tablets and phones. So our view is that at the end of the day, the customers are going to choose their form factors. Tablets are absolutely here to stay and we plan to participate in those and that's why you see us in tablets from $99 to $350. Our job is try and innovate and actually drive capabilities into the tablet space that nobody else could deliver and bring that valuation and drive up in those markets. Across PCs, we believe that as 2-in-1s, especially Haswell based 2-in-1s with all-day battery come to life, we are already seeing some signs of tablet market share win back as these 2-in-1 devices, especially in enterprise and the business side hit the market and people see the value of having both devices. The best of both devices, a tablet and a PC, all-in-one. So we believe that as we go through the fourth quarter and we get more of these devices out there, we will see how this plays out over time now.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Okay, that's helpful. Then on the pricing front. Stacy, you highlighted, yes, pricing could be lower on the mix but then cost is lower for Bay Trail. But I am just looking at the dichotomy in desktop and notebook and maybe there is a very simple explanation. Desktop volume is down year-over-year, ASP is up, notebook is the reverse on the ASP front, their ASP is down year-over-year but volume is down as well. So could you just help me understand why the difference in the two trends? Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Well, I think what we are seeing is, we have seen notebook pricing coming down over time as that becomes a broader and broader market. So I think its as simple as that. I think the desktop piece is really interesting. What we are seeing in the desktop, again I am kind of zooming out and taking a two-year view. You have seen a segment that's been relatively slow growth I think of it as a single-digit percent growth but a lot of segmentation happening within the category. So it has gone from the desktop business being primarily these beige boxes to all-in-ones and detachable all-in-ones and pretty high-performance devices that are doing gaming as well as these very cost-effective machines for first-time buyers in emerging markets. So you are seeing this hyper segmentation as a category and more stability in the pricing as a result because we have these different segments. I think we are on the verge of seeing that kind of segmentation play out now in the notebook segment with what we are seeing with 2-in-1s and ultrabooks and detachables and convertibles. So it will be interesting to watch that play out.
Mark Henninger: Operator, please go ahead and introduce the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Thank you. First question is on CapEx. Stacy, is the cut due mostly to 450. You had said before that there was no push out in the timing but some of the companies selling equipment are saying that there has been some push outs. So I am just wondering where that cut is coming from? Thanks.
Stacy Smith: You are talking about the $200 million. No, there is actually no cut in there. We are just refining our forecast as we get down to one quarter left in the year.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Got it, great. So just to be specific on the timing on 450, nothing has changed there?
Brian Krzanich: So let me answer that one. We have not changed our timing. We are still targeting the second, latter half of this decade. We continue to see great value in 450. It brings tremendous economic value to everybody who participates in it. We continue to work with our partners. We are here part of the joint development program in New York, continuing to work on 450. We continue to work with our partners, especially TSMC and Samsung and we are still targeting the back half of this decade. This is a long 10-year program when you really take a look at it. So I think you will get mixed signals throughout those 10 years, take a look at the long-term trend and then really start to understand the economic value here and you will see we will get there in the end.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. Bay Trail. If I'm not mistaken there are Android tablets using Clover Trail+ the currently available, when might we expect Android tablets using Bay Trail in the market?
Brian Krzanich: You are absolutely right there, several tablets out there currently today with Clover Trail+ using Android. What I told you was, there are about 50 designs on Bay Trail, about 20 of those are 2-in-1s, probably 25, 20 of them are Bay Trail tablets on Android, there is going to be about eight systems on shelf, eight to 10 systems on shelf, we believe, by the say Black Friday timeframe. Most of those will be Android tablets.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Could you -knocking on what proportion of your core family sales will be Haswell in the December quarter and are you seeing Haswell, why being extensively adopted in tablets or is it primarily the regular Haswell that goes into tablets in 2-in-1s?
Stacy Smith: Yes. We don't give to that level of granularity to break out our sales by product family. I think, Brian gave you some good insight into the number of systems that we see coming to the market, a lot of which will be there before Black Friday and then even more of that kind of build out over the course of Q1. I'll let Brian answer the Haswell-Y.
Brian Krzanich: You asked Haswell-Y versus [Haswell]. First, most of the tablets we are building with OEM partners are Bay Trail or as you said Clover Trail+ based. There are some that are being based on core; most of those are being based on the standard core product. Haswell-Ys are going into the fanless systems or extremely low powered 2-in-1s.
Mark Henninger: Operator, we would like to go ahead and take two more questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Stacy, something you had alluded to in your presentation at the Developer Forum. I wonder where you think die sizes are headed on average for the company given some of the moves into these different markets that you talked about.
Stacy Smith: Again, it's going to be similar to the ASP question. When you are talking average die size, it's really going to be a function of mix, so it becomes hard to answer. I think when you look at it by segment, we are improving our cost structure in each of the segments of the business. The die size is going to get better and the core family, it's going to get better and Bay Trail. It's going to get better in the tablet segment of the business, but the mix will really dictate the average. I don't know Brian, if you want to add anything to that.
Brian Krzanich: Yes. I would agree with Stacy. Each of one of the families of the products we have roadmaps even with integration, but because of Moore's Law we are able to continually drive down the die size. It's going to be mix dependent, we think if you look at the average mix, it will be down slightly, but it's not a dramatic drop at least. Again, it will be mix-driven.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. Then if I could ask for my follow-up, in terms of the mobile market, the handset market in particular, how important do you think connectivity in the other surrounding pieces around the processor are for Intel to be successful in this market? How do you feel you are positioned in those complementary pieces around the processor?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. The connectivity and comps both are very important. We had Wi-Fi for 12-plus years, so our position in Wi-Fi is good. We have made acquisitions in GPS and GNSS lately to add to our portfolio. We talked about in the prepared statements about our progress on LTE and we actually believe we are making great progress in LTE. We added LTE data now, LTE data and voice by the end of the year, LTE with carrier aggregation first half of next year. That's very good progress in our mind on LTE. I want to remind you though, but it's really when you take a look at these SoC products, it's about all of the IPs. So you have got to get the graphics right. You have got to get the connectivity right. You have got to get the comps right. We really have a drive to both our individual IPs correctly there and then to integrate them into the silicon. That's kind of the order that you have to do with it. You have to go get the IP correct. That's why you see our LTE products are standalone now. Then you integrate them in once you get the capability in a standalone product. We will be working on that next year.
Mark Henninger: Operator, please go ahead and introduce our last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from BoA/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - BoA/Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Brian, my first question is, within DCG can you help us quantify traditional enterprise versus some of the growth categories in cloud storage and networking? And where I am going with that is, when does this latter growth part start dominating and what are the implications on ASP when that happens?
Brian Krzanich: I have never done a calculation on when they would overtake enterprise. If you take a look at it, we said that cloud, storage, networking, we are growing plus 20%. But I would have to go back and take a look. We can have that discussion maybe at the Investor Meeting on how those percentages of the business change over time.
Stacy Smith: Vivek, if you go back and look at last year's Investor Meeting, you will see something presented by Diane that actually very explicitly breaks out the size of the different segments and the growth rate and what you will see there is enterprise is 40%, 50% of the overall enterprise segment. These other segments in aggregate are overtaking it, kind of as we speak and growing really fast. We will talk a lot more about that in a month.
Vivek Arya - BoA/Merrill Lynch: Got it, and then as my follow-up. I wanted to just get a sense for how much of a leapfrog advantage will 14 nanometer provide in the mobile market because recently we saw very impressive benchmarks from Apple on their A7 SoC. I understand that they optimized a lot of things within their system that other customers may not be able to do but they were able to show very impressive benchmarks on 28 nanometer silicon. I am wondering as you think about your 14 nanometer products and the fact that you will really need to leapfrog to get major share in mobile how should we think about how big those advantages will be, like what the discussion with customer have been so far?
Brian Krzanich: Sure. So, let's make sure, I mean you just kind of used the generic word of benchmarks and there are lot of different ones that are out there. So I am not sure exactly which ones you are talking about. But if you just take a look at our products and all of our products are 64-bit. So we have had that for an extended period of time and products that we are shipping today are already 64-bit. If you take a look at things like transistor density and you compare, pardon the pun, apples-to-apples and you compare, say, the A7 to our Bay Trail, which is the high density 22 nanometer technology then our transistor density is higher or more dense than the A7 is. So it's a good product. I am not in any way trying to deface that, but we do see the Moore's Law advantage from 28 to 22 nanometer as an example, when you compare dense technologies to dense technologies. We believe 14 nanometer it just an another extension of Moore's Law. So it will have that same roughly twice density that you will see between 28 and 22 nanometer. You will see that same kind of increase or improvements as you move to 14. It is a true 14 nanometer technology. Did I answer your question?
Vivek Arya - BoA/Merrill Lynch: Yes. So Brian, maybe what I was trying to get to was, as you look at the kind of Android customers or Chrome customers that you might engage with 14 nanometer. How is that changing from the engagement that you have with Bay Trail? Basically the question is, is the level of engagement accelerating as they look at your 14 nanometer progress?
Brian Krzanich: So, yes. From that perspective, they see a roadmap now. I think more importantly than just 14 nanometer. What they see is a roadmap from us around the Atom SoC. They see Bay Trail as a great first step and great product. You have seen some of the performance benchmarks out there. We just talked about the transistor density. Stacy has talked about our cost and ability to hit these lower prices points. It has got good graphics performance. As I said we are able to provide a 64-bit solution across all OS options as well. So they look at that and then they look at our roadmap, and say okay, they have got LTE, they have got connectivity, they have got a standalone, they have plans to integrate those technologies in, in a basic SoC. They are starting to build confidence in our roadmap along with us. That's, I think, what they really look at this as they see our Atom roadmap that's highly competitive.
Vivek Arya - BoA/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Mark Henninger: Thanks, Vivek, and thank you all for joining us today. Nova, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President of Investor Relations Ronald J. Pasek - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John P. Daane - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ryan Goodman - CLSA Limited, Research Division Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera's Q2 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820 and use code 258712. During today's prepared remarks, we'll be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call with a few brief remarks before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald J. Pasek: Thank you, Scott. With 3% growth on the top line, we saw a fairly broad uptick in demand. Good cost discipline held OpEx to the low-end of guidance, but our gross margin performance was below our forecast and a disappointment in the quarter that was -- that otherwise lived up to expectations. We missed the bottom end of the guidance range by 50 basis points. The cause was an unanticipated intra-vertical mix towards access and networking and, to a lesser extent, some vertical mix pressure as well. We anticipate that we will see little change in Q3 gross margin, but mainly due to vertical mix. In addition, based on our current view of mix in Q4, we should see some gross margin improvement, which would lead to a full year gross margin of approximately 68.5%. Book-to-bill in Q2 was above 1. Our backlog also strengthened, which leads to the lower turns number for Q3. As a result, we feel confident with the 5% to 9% sequential increase. Lead times have extended compared to 3 months ago, as we expected, given the strong foundry demand, as well as obviously an increase in our demand. Book-to-bill for Q3 year-to-date is over 1. I am revising the full year OpEx numbers downward due to continued cost-saving efforts. R&D should be $392 million for the year, a reduction of $12 million from my previous guidance, and SG&A should be $319 million or a $2 million reduction. Additionally, although we have just begun our planning for our FY '14, you should expect a minimal increase in next year's OpEx. TPACK and Enpirion OpEx will be incremental, but the core Altera business will have a minimal increase. Also notable in the quarter is the announcement of a 50% increase in our dividend. The due dividend has tripled the rate of just 4 years ago. We are committed to growing the dividend over time and have done so. We also continued to view opportunistic share repurchase as another cash return mechanism. And this quarter we bought back 55 million of Altera shares. Going back forward, our goal is to return 60% to 80% of cash flow from operations to our shareholders. Last year, we returned almost 60%, so this commitment raises the bar on us a bit. Finally, a quick word on 28-nanometer. No change really from our previous view. While there has been a difference between us and our main competitor in terms of initial ramp rates, the difference in trajectory is attributable to 2 factors. As we have discussed before, our competitor has the vast majority of the relatively short-lived emulation market, which we chose not to pursue at this node. Second, they have been effective in the mid range, which over time will be about 30% of the revenue at this node, but as this early stage makes up the largest piece of their current sales. At the high end, which will be over 50% of the 28-nanometer node, the tables are turned, with our share, by far, the largest. And to round out the picture, we appear to be doing quite well in the low-end space. Taken together and over time, we are quite confident that the sales gap between us narrows. For the very near term, 28-nanometer Q3 revenues are forecasted to be up substantially. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John P. Daane: Thank you, Ron. Second quarter revenue increased 3% sequentially. Our telecom and networking markets each had strong sequential growth. As expected, our industrial market grew in the quarter. Our automotive business continues to climb and is now up over 20% year-on-year. For our third quarter, we are forecasting a 5% to 9% sequential revenue increase, driven by significant growth in our new market -- new products. Telecom and wireless should grow on China Mobile, LTE shipments. The auto, industrial and military category should increase driven by auto. The computer markets should drive growth in the computer and networking category. And finally, the other category, we expect to be flat. In R&D, continual improvements to our Quartus II design platform maintain Altera's leadership in design productivity. We are finalizing our first Arria 10 mid-range product implemented on TSMC's 20-nanometer SoC and with active design engagements across the wireless, computer, telecom and military customer base. We are also well into the design of our high-end Stratix 10 family using Intel's 14-nanometer Tri-Gate technology, which will position Altera with the only product line capable of competing in the high-end of the FPGA market, roughly half of the industry's revenues in the next 5 years. In summary, our investments and partnerships are leading towards a new generation of products which will continue to expand our addressable market for revenue growth, while also providing differentiation and separation from our competition. Now let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First of all, John, given your outlook, can you maybe just comment on the Q3 outlook and your level of confidence in that numerical range and how that compares with your confidence looking into the past couple quarters?
John P. Daane: Jim, as Ron mentioned, our book-to-bill is over 1. And Q2, our book-to-bill so far this quarter is over 1, our turns rate for this quarter is...
Ronald J. Pasek: Low 40s. Yes, so it's actually a lower turns number this quarter than last quarter.
John P. Daane: So we feel fairly confident and the fact that we are booking and continue to book turns business for the quarter that we should be able to deliver a number well within the range.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then as a follow-up. You mentioned the China Mobile opportunity, TD-LTE ramping to start in Q3. Can you maybe talk about what your expectation is in terms of how much business you recognize in Q3 versus how much you would in Q4 or later quarters, please?
John P. Daane: Yes, Jim, it's very difficult for us to know exactly at this point what will ship in the future quarters. China Mobile is yet to release the final results of the commercial bidding, and we get customers who are telling us they don't quite know exactly how much they'll get. Of the radio platforms, for instance, there are still questions around the D band and -- or F band deployments. And so ultimately, I think, there's a lot of confusion within the numbers. We feel very good about the shipments that we'll have this quarter. Those orders were put on the books last quarter and continuing into this quarter. I feel very comfortable that wireless will be up. But as we've always said, it's difficult to call one quarter beyond to know exactly what's going to happen, and even with China Mobile that remains the same. The one other thing I would tell you is there's also been discussion of China Telecom's deployment for LTE. We expect that to ramp next year. So we're not expecting that in the near term.
Operator: We'll now go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Aashish for Vivek. The industrial end market was only up 3% in the second quarter and was relatively weak in the first half of the year. In contrast, several semi peers saw significantly better industrial and auto results. Could just walk us through some of the offsets and puts and takes in this end market?
John P. Daane: Both industrial and automotive were up in the quarter. We did have a decline in military which pulled [ph] those numbers down. I think if you look at industrial, it was probably in the quarter up very similarly to what you're seeing out of some of the analog companies. Industrial will be slightly up, again, this quarter. So I think what we're seeing in industrial is exactly the same as what certainly we've seen out of some of the analog players in our conversation with analog companies what they're seeing. Automotive is a little bit different in that automotive, we're having very strong growth. As I mentioned in Q2, it was up 20% year-on-year and we would expect automotive to sequentially increase again going into the third calendar quarter.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can I ask another question, please? Your older products and the non-FPGA products had healthy growth in the second quarter, right, I mean they were up 9% and 22%. Whereas your FPGA has only grown 1%. Again, was that kind of expected or was that like an unexpected tangent mix during the quarter, which also impact the gross margins?
John P. Daane: Yes. So sequentially, the -- if you just look at it on a product basis, our mainstream products were down slightly, our mature products were up, I believe, 1% sequentially. That really is because the industrial sector started to come back. And remember that, that tail, which lives into the older products, is really dominated by the industrial sector as an overall sector. So that's what we saw from a product category perspective.
Ronald J. Pasek: You shouldn't assume that those product categories would really cause a margin fluctuation. Really the thing that drives margin fluctuations are vertical mix and, in this case, intra-vertical mix.
Operator: We'll go to Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montreal.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a clarification, I thought I heard you say that you're expecting China Telecom LTE next year. There's a lot of debate whether what technology they're going to get, if it's going to FDD or TD. And I just wanted to know if you had color that a lot of us don't. And then I had a follow-up as well for Ron.
John P. Daane: So I think there is a lot of confusion over that which is why I've seen some articles saying that China Telecom was going to deploy this year, and I'm really kind of clearing that up by saying we don't expect any China Telecom revenue in LTE this year. They're continuing to deploy in the 3G, as well as 2G area. What they have said publicly is they would prefer to deploy FDD and for -- specifically because of cost reasons. So we'll see what they end up finally deploying in terms of technology. But I have not seen anything definitive from them that absolutely states that, that is going to be one of the other.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, no, that's consistent with what we've heard as well. My follow-up is on the gross margin front. Ron, thanks for giving the guidance for next year for OpEx. That's helpful. But when we think about you transitioning to Intel next year, is there a -- should we think of it a risk to margin with the new foundry? Or what's the correct way to think about it? Typically, we go to a new foundry, there's yield issues, all kinds of things that pop up. And then Enpirion, how much of that is included in your third quarter guidance?
Ronald J. Pasek: So on the margin for Intel products, that's a -- it's a little bit away from now, so it's difficult to tell. But we'll have a full node -- a full node ahead of our competitor on the high end. So I doubt that we'll have margin pressure there. To your point, there are a lot of new things we have to learn in -- from the engineering side getting the product done and out the door that are different. But they're not necessarily at this point incremental per se. I'm not sure I remember the last part of your question.
John P. Daane: It surely [indiscernible]
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Enpirion, the acquisition.
Ronald J. Pasek: We had a stub period for Enpirion. Together, TPACK and Enpirion together was a little over $2 million in the quarter. Very small.
John P. Daane: Yes, just -- if I could add to that and, one, just as a cleanup to question that Aashish asked, our other products grew 22% sequentially. Remember that we put Enpirion in our other products, so it looks like the other products are up a lot. But also remember that category as a total is so very small, that just adding the Enpirion revenue, which was very small, caused that category to go up a lot and it's really the right place to put it because Enpirion is not a CPLD and it's not an FPGA. In terms of Intel, I think it's important to kind of walk through the cost structure and why we believe that choosing Intel was the right technology, specifically for us and for the high end. Just to talk -- and maybe it's worthwhile to take a step back and look at what's been offered from TSMC. So we're implementing our Arria 10, which is a midrange product in the 20-nanometer SoC product, which is a great midrange, has the right cost structure and future set for that. As we've also seen in the press, 16FF, which is TSMC's FinFET process, does not scale from 20 SoC. So what that means is, if you implement a design or the same design in 16FF, it results from the same die size as what you had in 20 SoC. As our competition also announced in their recent press release -- or press -- excuse me, quarterly announcement, they mentioned that a 16FF wafer is more expensive than a 20 SoC wafer simply because of the extra processing steps, which makes sense because the FinFET is more complicated to manufacture. All of which means if you take a design and move from 20 SoC to 16FF, the resulting die is more expensive to implement and your product, therefore, is going to cost more. We're working with Intel with 14-nanometer. Intel has a true 14-nanometer technology, which means that the product scales, you're getting much smaller die size. And therefore, your cost moving to Intel's 14-nanometer decreases, which is exactly what Intel has discussed publicly, where they've said that, as they forward to 14 and then to 10, Moore's Law will continue and Moore's Law, of course, is the doubling of transistors with a corresponding cost reduction. So we think from a cost standpoint, we've made the right move in moving to 14FF. Beyond that, outside of having a cost advantage over the competition, obviously at the high end, what we'll also have is -- because we're in a 14-nanometer transistor, we'll have a performance advantage, we'll have a power advantage. And then also because we're in a much smaller geometry [ph] process technology, we can make much more highly integrated devices, which means we're also have a density advantage. So this is why we say moving to the high end, our competition is somewhat trapped in that they're going to try to compete with us with a more expensive technology. We've got really a more cost-effective technology combined with better feature set. And we don't see anything coming on the horizon in the foundry industry, which really will catch up over the next 5 years, which is why I comfortably say that for the next 5 years, we will own the high-end. And as we've talked about before and our competition has as well, the high-end is half of the FPGA industry in revenue. So I just wanted to follow up with that because similar question was around why Intel, and I think it's important to understand that scaling that process advantage, that node advantage is really critical to high end, and that's what we get with Intel.
Operator: We'll go to Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Unknown Analyst: Tao Ling [ph] for Glen Yeung. I have first the first question being would you talk about gross margin being impacted by the vertical mix and the mix within the vertical mix? Can you just help me understand is that the -- is that -- how can I look at it in terms of -- are there any other drivers?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, I mean -- let me break it down for you...
Unknown Analyst: What's the positive, what's the upside and what's the downside?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, okay. So what I tried to articulate was with Intel kind [ph] of wireless you have this access group, this subvertical, if you will, which tends to be a little lower margin than the higher level telecom wireless vertical itself. When we went into the quarter, I did guide downward for margin, did have turns in the high 40s, so it wasn't perfect visibility, but some -- there was some indication that we might, from a mix standpoint, see this kind of thing. And we're little surprised that the concentration of business in access and then in networking. So networking has sub-vertical networking, computer storage, as well, tends to be a lower margin. The other thing that we saw quite frankly is, obviously, we saw some intra-customer mix issues where you have some customers that in the beginning of the quarter have a forecast, you know what configs they're going to buy, you have an idea of volume, you know what your margin is on those. And where we ended up in the quarter on a couple of those customers was very different than what we thought. And that drove some of the margin degradation. That tends to be somewhat temporary because they still probably end up going back to that original forecast at some point. So that's why, I think, right now we're seeing flat guidance to Q3.
John P. Daane: I think, the simplistic way to think of the way that we price products is again we have very few products that we manufacture. The price change is really as volume goes up, the price will come down. And if you think of teleconference and if it's an optical product, there are not many optical systems shipped, pricing is generally higher. Once you go into access, you're talking about systems that are deployed in the neighborhood. The volumes are much, much higher. And in parts of wireless, like radios, you'll find that the volumes are much higher. So that's what will drive the change. It's just the mix that you'll have and some of the sub-verticals that will really depend on the volume and that drives the different pricing and that drives the different margins.
Unknown Analyst: So is that a link to the fact that you're saying China Mobile is coming up?
John P. Daane: No, that's independent of that. I mean, certainly as Ron has mentioned in the past, wireless, if it's a radio, will have a lower margin than if it's, for instance, in the base station product. But ultimately, it will depend on a mix. And this is nothing new for us. We talked about this for the 13 plus years that I've been here that we will have pricing and gross margin fluctuation, not based on a product, really based on the end markets. Consumer, as an example, will have lower gross margins than military and again, you can kind of think of that in terms of volume.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And a follow-up is that -- so you said China Telecom is going to be probably in 2014. Is there any way for us to size your benefit from that versus your benefit from China Mobile?
John P. Daane: No, we -- it's very difficult at this point because there hasn't been enough announced from China Telecom to say, number one. Number two, we do not break out specifically what we get from revenue because it will differ by vendor and ultimately, we haven't provided that deep level of granularity on the overall business.
Operator: We'll go to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just real quick on the gross margin side. So you said you expect it to bounce back up in Q4. Do you think we can expect your gross margin next year to get back to that 69% to 70% range that it's been for the last 6 quarters and then talk about the drivers there?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, first of all, the guidance we're giving for Q4 is based on, of course, what we assume revenue might be, obviously, because it's mix dependent. So we give very little detail on that second quarter out because we have very little detail ourselves. But based on what we can see, it should go up. Chris, it's really too early to tell for next year. I'm not trying to be evasive, but we really won't even start that part of the plan for a little while. So I can't really even give you an indication. But I can tell you that our desire is to have margin in that range as we have had since 2010, 2011.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then as my follow-up, just a housekeeping question. Can you give us what the 28-nanometer revenue was during the quarter? And then maybe compare and contrast your expected timing on your 14-nanometer products versus the competitors' 16-nanometer products?
John P. Daane: So I'll take the last part. In terms of product comparisons, we have yet to specifically announce dates for either the Arria 10 or the Stratix 10 in detail. We have said in the past, in the press release, that Arria 10 will be for shipments in Q1 of next year. But we haven't said tape out. As I mentioned earlier when I was talking, I said that the tape-out for us is -- for Arria 10 is imminent. If -- Stratix 10 always said is that we will do test chips with Intel's 14-nanometer this year. In fact, we will have our first test chip tape-out this quarter, so we're doing extremely well with that technology. And I don't want to get out -- the reason I'm being a little hesitant here, Chris, is I don't want to get out ahead of our marketing group and they haven't announced dates. But I would say in the next couple of months you'll probably hear exact schedules of tape-outs on Arria 10 and Stratix 10. And ultimately what we've said in the press release in terms of first customer shipments in Q1 for Arria 10 absolutely still holds. So look for something in the next couple of months for us.
Ronald J. Pasek: So the 28-nanometer revenue for the quarter, in total, was $22.5 million. But as I said, in Q3, we're guiding that to be up rather substantially.
Operator: We'll move to William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm hoping you can dig into the wireline market a little bit. We've heard a lot about wireless, it's great that we're seeing the ramps in China. Can you help us understand what's going on in your wireline business and maybe a little detail by geography?
John P. Daane: I can't really break down the detail by geography, but we did see both networking and telecom up quite substantially in the second calendar quarter. We are expecting that the businesses will do fine into the third calendar quarter, but not increase as much as they did previously. So the telecom business is actually doing good and the networking business is doing very well at this point, as well. Again, I can't give you a breakout of geographies because at the end of the day, we ship product to a customer in one geography and then they ship it somewhere else. And unlike wireless, which will have some different standards for different geographies, it's very difficult to breakdown where this equipment is going to end up going and to what market segments. So we really can't provide any additional color.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. One other if I can follow-up. You indicated that you're going to see some revenue ramp related to China Mobile in Q3. Should we think about that as being sort of fully ramped relative to the pace of the rollout of the base stations that they've discussed, I think the 200,000-or-so base stations? Or should we expect that number to creep up over the next couple quarters?
John P. Daane: It's difficult for us to know with our customers exactly when they would take more product on this because they're in a mode of waiting for the final bidding. They've obviously made some assumptions of what they're going to win. They've made some assumptions of what the mix will be between the radios and they're building now because they're expecting an imminent release from China Mobile. But until we get all of that information out, it's difficult for us to know what happens in Q4, what will happen in Q1 and beyond. Obviously, this is just an initial trial. China Mobile intends to continue to deploy over the next several years to continue to build out their network which will require more hardware, both for the base stations and then also additional radios. So that will all be additive. And then obviously, as China Telecom and China Unicom, do their ultimate deployments in 4G, all of that will be new hardware as well because if you look at today's W-CDMA and CDMA2000 base stations, which are what those 2 carriers have, none of them are upgradable into LTE. So all of the LTE deployments for that geography, as well as others, are purely new technology and new chassis, new systems, new components. So it's all great for us. We just can't mention the timing because we don't know exactly ourselves.
Operator: We'll move to Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First question for Ron. Can you talk more about this minimum increase in OpEx next year despite investing in 14- and 20-nanometers? Is that investment intensity going down or cheaper or less tape-outs or is there a lot of reuse?
Ronald J. Pasek: I mean, I think you have to kind of go back at kind of high-level and look at where we started after 2010. And if you remember, we were fairly under invested in R&D back then and I said, we are going to grow R&D faster than revenue for 2 to 3 years, and we're here. We're done. I mean, we have enough resources, we have enough people, we have enough tools. We can do what we need to do in the roadmap with what we have. So -- and that won't be an added pressure on the OpEx side. It's as simple as that.
John P. Daane: Every year, it used to be -- 10 years ago, that you'd see us really do 1 family every 2 years. And so in 1 year, there would be a number of tape-outs that would cause the mass [ph] costs to go up. What you've seen from us over the last several years is every year we're rolling out products because we have more than just 1 FPGA family. So where the mass [ph] costs may fluctuate year-to-year, the fluctuations are much smaller than they've been in past years. The investments that Ron highlighted were investments we made in tools, like completing OpenCL, a new compiler capability, additional investments that we've made in our design platform, IP that we've invested in, in order to replace ASSPs, the ARM microprocessors that we've added to our Cyclone and Arria products, the 3G packaging technology. All of these are areas that we've done substantial investments in order to deploy new products. Really those investments are because by integrating microprocessors, for instance, we can increase our ASP by pulling out microprocessor in from another vendor into our FPGA and allow us to expand our market and revenue.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And for my follow-up, it looks like your main competitor is actually exceeding you in gross margins last quarter. I don't think that has ever happened, historically, and that actually surprised me to be honest. Do you -- can you talk a bit about open mix, like the gross margin expansion opportunities? Is it more use of redundancy? Are we still in the early innings of 28-nanometers, et cetera?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, I mean, I think all are true. I think on their side, they have some legacy business that's being pulled forward, particularly for the military which drives a very large margin. And they're probably making quite a bit of money on the emulation product they have. I think everything you mentioned is still true for our gross margins. Again, I still would want to reiterate the ranges we've been achieving the last couple quarters and years. So those are still very doable.
Operator: We'll move to Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans C. Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: John, what is the mix issue that is leading to these higher volume applications mean in the overall cycle or this recovery? It's a little unusual. And then the follow-up question is, if you can explain a little bit more granularity on 14-nanometer, is there some kind of exclusivity or some kind of timeline that allows you to have a sustainable advantage there in terms of access to this technology?
John P. Daane: Yes, to start with Intel, so as we stated in our press release, by the way, our press release was vetted by Intel before it was released. We're the only major FPGA company that will have access to 14-nanometer and potentially beyond. So it's not tied to a few years, it's tied to as long as we continue to work with Intel as a partner. We will have access to it and the other major FPGA companies would not. Why did we say major FPGA companies? Well, remember they're working with a few startups. And so obviously they wanted those companies to have access and continue to have access to technologies. So our major direct competitor cannot work with Intel at this point for FPGAs. They wanted to implement a graphics product or something else. Obviously, that's not within the jurisdiction of this contract. In terms of volume, Hans, we've talked about for many, many years the fact that if you go back into the mid-2000s, we had a very big business in television sets with FPGAs and we talked about the fact that, that volume had much lower prices than would something, for instance, in the military business and depending on the fluctuation of markets or businesses, our gross margins would fluctuate. And particularly, what Ron was highlighting, if you take access, for instance, which was up very strongly in the quarter within our telecom business, well, you may think the telecom has very high margins and generally does. The access side, which is the neighborhood, has very, very high volumes and, therefore, the margins will be lower than what, for instance, if we had a huge increase in the optical business. So those fluctuations have always been part of what we've had. That's why we've said margins are not tied to products, they're really tied to end markets. And the markets are different enough. We talked, for instance, about wireless, the base station margins are higher than radio margins and it's just the difference in the volume drives that. So depending on the mix you get, any quarter could drive your margins one way or the other.
Operator: We'll move to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Limited, Research Division: This is Ryan Goodman for Srini. Just on 28-nanometer, so it looks like it was down a little bit, driven primarily by Stratix V declines. So just curious if you could let us know which markets were driving that? And also for housekeeping, could you let us know what the 40-nanometer revenue was for the quarter?
John P. Daane: So I was just going to say, the new products really suffered because the computer market was down substantially in the quarter. That was something that we did highlight and something that did happen. Since automotive, wireless and computer are really the growth factors this quarter, we expect huge growth in our new products. And so that's why we're stating that. So both 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer should be up substantially this quarter versus the prior quarter. And again, it's computer that pulled it down. The way to think of that is computer has been a fast-growing market for us, I mentioned in Q1 conference call that we had 3 months ago, that computer was up 25% year-on-year. Obviously, if it's a new market for you, it's growing fast. It's really dominated by your new products.
Ronald J. Pasek: So Ryan, the 40-nanometer was $132 million for the quarter. It was a 5% growth. It's 31% of the total.
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just for a follow-up question. Can you talk -- I know telecom and wireless was up and it was driven primarily by networking and wireline in the quarter, could you talk a little bit about what you saw, specifically, on the wireless side of things this quarter?
John P. Daane: You mean in Q2?
Ryan Goodman - CLSA Limited, Research Division: In Q2, yes.
John P. Daane: Yes, the wireless was actually flat, just slightly up. That was a surprise for us. We had actually expected wireless to be down slightly because of a pause. Part of the reason it was up is TD-SCDMA shipments, part of the reason it was up is we also saw some additional shipments into North American LTE, and both of those elements picked wireless up to be stronger than we had originally thought.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move back to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'll just ask a few housekeeping questions. You rarely [ph] had 10% customers during the quarter. And then can you please give us the impact of the Enpirion and QTM [ph] revenue in Q3?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes. So we did have one 10% customer in the quarter. It was a Chinese equipment maker, it was 11% of total. Enpirion and TPACK in Q3 will be roughly $5 million to $6 million.
John P. Daane: And that is over the prior quarter. It was...
Ronald J. Pasek: No, that's -- over prior quarter, it's about a $3 million -- $3 million to $4 million increase.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last one, just expand a little bit on the lead time extension? I think, you mentioned that it's mostly foundry-related, I don't make [indiscernible] anybody else with lead time extension? So -- and do you think this is like TSMC's gaining [indiscernible] to Intel? Or maybe just expand on that a little bit?
John P. Daane: No, it's actually something that they themselves have talked about the fact that they had a very strong increase in revenues going into Q1 and also Q2, a lot of it associated with the handset area. The areas that we saw some tightness were around 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer, in particular, it's not all products, it's a couple of products within each family. Based on available capacity for the industry, we expect that by Q4, at the latest, everything will be back to normal. And that's really because capacity is expected to open up, again, within that period of time. And so if you look at the back-end manufacturing, manufacturing there are no issues. And at a high-level, our relationship with TSMC is honestly quite strong. I continue to get together with Morris on a quarterly basis. Morris Chang, who's their Chairman, CEO. And they understood why we've made the move, I told them a year beforehand. And as he has detailed in their calls, he understands it wasn't one issue as much as many issues. And he's publicly stated, he would like to earn our business back. And we'd like to work with them and continue to work with them in the future. Obviously, we're one of their top customers still. So relationship is very strong and we're continuing to get good service.
Operator: We'll move to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research: This is Deepon Nag for Shawn. Can you give us a quick, maybe just talk about lead times, how they were in the quarter, maybe order lineary [ph] in the quarter as well?
Ronald J. Pasek: Orders were actually pretty linear. We were not back-end loaded with the exception of one geography which is a little back-end loaded that was Japan. Lead times did, as John said, for 40 and 65 they did expand between the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter. But as we're indicating, I think that will come back as we transition through the end of Q3 and start to get a little better capacity in Q4.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Research: Great. And not to beat a dead horse here, but on the gross margin outlook, revenues are pretty significantly -- so what is the biggest offset for that? Is that just a mix [ph] at the telco and auto? As we go further, I mean, how you expect the military to come back? I mean, do you expect the military to come back and kind of be a tailwind in 2014 or when should we expect that?
John P. Daane: Difficult to know. I mean, just for next quarter, I think you're seeing increasing telecom and wireless business, which as I said earlier, all things being equal, put a little pressure on margin, there's broad increases across the board in some other higher-margin verticals in Q3, which tend to offset that, that's why I'm kind of looking at a flat margin. Next year with military, it's way too early to know. It's program dependent obviously. As you know, we really struggle even at our -- when we give planned guidance to give any color on revenue growth, in particular, vertical growth for the full year.
Operator: We'll move to Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Unknown Analyst: It's Brian Leshion [ph] for Anil. On the China base station builds, just based on your knowledge of the timing, do you have a sense of whether the equipment will be more dependent on 40-nanometer versus 28-nanometer?
John P. Daane: It's actually a combination right now of 65, 40 and 28. I think what you're going to see -- well, and that's because if you look at the entire industry across GSM, across the 3G technologies and across LTE. You'll see a combination of those devices. Getting into a LTE, it's probably 40 and 28, with some 65. I would say as this technology matures really where it's all going to center is in 20 and ultimately, 14. Because the initial deployments, obviously, will uncover things that need to be redone. And you'll see, I think, a significant redesign coming up. We already have some 20-nanometer design wins where customers are actively designing with our midrange product, both for base stations and radios. And as we release the 14-nanometer product, we expect that to pick up really a lot of the base station contents. So I would say, given a couple of years, most of that revenue probably moves from the size [ph] we have of 40, 28 into 20. And I think we're extremely well positioned for that.
Operator: We'll go to Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: John, if I look at new product growth, it was up 6% in the quarter, that was less than Xilinx which was up 20. You mentioned that computing was unusually weak. As I look back at the last 4 quarters, new product growth has been below Xilinx. I think, every quarter since 2Q 2012, so my takeaway from that would be that your new product market share is declining. Is that not a fair way to look at it?
John P. Daane: I think this quarter, what you're going to see is a sort of a reversal. Unfortunately, if you think of Q1, remember we had one of our top customers, who was just under 10% this quarter. We moved to a VMI program, so we only shipped 2 out of the 3 months for that quarter, a lot of new product revenue in that particular customer and obviously, a very significant part of our total revenue. Then you look at Q2 and we had wireless was okay, telecom, obviously, because it's a long-lived product, many times will have mainstream mature business in it. And we really had computer, which is a lot of new products down [ph]. This quarter, what you're seeing is growth and the computer and wireless. And obviously, none of these one-time issues like we had in Q1. So we expect very, very strong sequential growth in our new products. And I think what you'll see there is on a comparison basis we'll continue to look good. Even last quarter in Q2 where we didn't do as well as our competition, we're still well over our overall market share in FPGAs. I think our overall market share is only about 44%. Our market share in new products is currently around 50% to 50-plus in that quarter, which was a weak comparison for us. So clearly as the new products ramp and the old products continue to fall off, whereas that old product finally falls off for our competition, we obviously will continue to gain market share. It's just a number of spaces. And again, I think as we get out of this quarter, you're going to see such a substantial growth on our new products, that the comparison will even look better.
Ronald J. Pasek: Don't forget that even in this quarter, new products for us were 40% of total. For our competitor, it was up 30%. So we -- you're talking about growth rate -- we've got a bigger base.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes, that's fair enough, Ron. My second question was just on your 14-nanometer part Stratix 10. Have you guys gotten any customer feedback at this point?
John P. Daane: Yes. It's been stellar. And the reason it works so well is the number of the major customers who use ASICs are looking at utilizing the most advanced technology for their ASICs. Obviously, as they've gone through and reviewed different foundries, they realize a substantial advantage that one would have with the 14-nanometer technology. So it was a pretty easy sell from that perspective. And this puts us so far out in the lead in terms of density, in terms of performance, of power, that the feedback has been from our customer base of trying to figure out with us how could we accelerate some of our designs into 14. So we really think that as we introduced this technology, that we will not have competition for many, many years. And no matter what the competition and there's many foundries that one can utilize, whatever they call their technologies, we don't see anybody catching up to Intel in 14 for the next 5 years.
Operator: We'll go to William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the adjustment in your full year SG&A guide, is that largely or entirely owing to the Enpirion acquisition? Or is there something else at play there?
John P. Daane: Yes. We initially estimated what we thought the SG&A would be for both Enpirion and TPACK and this is the fine-tuning of it. That's really it.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one other quick one if I can, just kind of thinking longer term about the revenue split among end markets. Should we think about the split among the, what is it, 4 buckets that you report on, as staying largely stable over time? Or do we think about the automotive becoming big enough to making the industrial known auto bucket significantly bigger, let's say, in 2 years time?
John P. Daane: Yes, I think, what you're going to see as a percentage, automotive's going to grow the fastest. It is smaller so that's understandable. Computer is also growing very strongly. We should get some solid continued growth out of communications. And so in the 2-year period, does the business fluctuate that much? Maybe not, so when you look at those categories. But overall, when you look at the growth factors, computer automotive today are the fastest growing and we would expect to continue to be fastest growing. And we have some solid opportunities in communications in a couple of those other buckets that we would expect to continue to see growth there as well.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Scott Wylie.
Scott Wylie: Great. Thank you, operator. As we're wrapping up today, with respect to conferences this quarter on September 4, we'll be at the Citi 2013 Global Technology Conference in New York. And a final note, Altera now provides highlights of its Investor Relations web page optimized for mobile users. A link to this capability is included in this quarter's earnings release and also appears on our IR webpage. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-16 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Investor Relations Paul Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Chris Danely - JP Morgan Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank James Covello – Goldman Sachs David Wong - Wells Fargo Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Doug Freedman - RBC Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Intel Corporation's first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mark Henninger, director of investor relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Mark Henninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel's first quarter 2013 conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they are currently available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our president and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our chief financial officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com. Lastly, I'd like to highlight that this year and going forward, we'll be holding our Annual Investor Meeting in the fall, rather than in May. We will send out a further date notice this spring with all the important event logistics and we will look forward to seeing you there. So with that, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Otellini : Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon. As you know, I have a month left in my career at Intel, and this will be my last conference call with you. I’ve been doing these calls since 1993, and have done approximately 80 calls with you. I want to take a departure from my traditional remarks during this, my final earnings call. During the next few minutes, I’d like to share some perspective on the company and on our industry, drawing from my career and my experience as Intel’s fifth CEO.  I came to Intel nearly 40 years ago, eager to join the team of extraordinarily smart, creative, and driven engineers and the legendary team of founders, some of the greatest minds in technology. In 1974, Intel was still a startup, with revenues of $134 million and a culture built on relentless innovation and designed to thrive on change. A revolution in computing had just begun, but it would take us another decade before we realized how dramatically it would change our business and the world. Amid all that change and reinvention, there has, however, been a constant. From the early days of DRAM to the era of the first microprocessor, from one architectural battle to the next, and across generations of form factors and operating systems, Intel has grown and thrived. Naturally, constant change and reinvention creates plenty of room for both opportunity and skepticism. As the industry and the company evolved, risk and uncertainty were common, but the company’s inventiveness, architectural innovation, manufacturing expertise, and intense drive allowed it to create and capitalize on the opportunity over the long haul.  In May of 2005, I became CEO and over the past eight years, we’ve executed a broad strategy to reposition the company to participate in all segments of computing by capitalizing on all of our considerable strengths.  We implemented the Tick-Tock model, which set the pace of innovation and has become an industry benchmark of execution. We developed the Atom microarchitecture to address low power and low cost market segments.  Through the acquisitions of Infineon Wireless Solutions and McAfee, we’ve invested in strategic capabilities like baseband technology and security that position us to deliver important new capabilities and compete across an even broader range of devices. And, we’ve invented and implemented manufacturing breakthroughs that are allowing us to deliver on the promise and competitive benefits of Moore’s Law.  Never in the history of our company has our ability to participate across the spectrum of computing been greater. From industrial machines that are increasingly connected to the internet to the smallest battery powered devices, from traditional PCs to ultrabooks, and from high performance servers to microservers, storage, and networking equipment, we now compete wherever there is computing. At the same time, we’ve put more distance between us and the rest of the semiconductor industry than ever before. In the first quarter, we shipped our 100 millionth 22 nanometer processor, using our revolutionary 3D transistor technology, while the rest of the industry works to ship its first unit.  That breakthrough is just one in a long history of materials science firsts, following innovations like string silicon and high-K metal gate. This leadership in materials science and manufacturing technology is the foundation on which our future success will be based, arming us the world’s lowest power and lowest cost transistors.  But even as I prepare to pass the baton to a new generation of leadership, I know Intel’s story is nowhere near completely written. I’m excited about what lies ahead for Intel. The company has a historically broad portfolio of products, spanning the spectrum of computing and price points, and as we begin to transition to 14 nanometer technology later this year, our architectural and [processor] technology investments and innovations will become increasingly apparent and valuable for our customers, and to the market.  Over the past few months, I’ve been traveling to our sites here in the U.S. and around the world. That creativity and drive that first attracted me to Intel almost four decades ago has never been higher. The company’s core architectural and manufacturing strength have never been more valuable, and the opportunity presented by the evolution and expansion of the computing industry has never been greater.  It’s for those reasons that I’m confident that Intel will continue to invent, grow, thrive, and deliver the best technology to a world increasingly hungry for the products of the microprocessor revolution. With that, let me turn the meeting over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith : Thanks, Paul. I’d like to take a minute and talk about what we’re seeing in each of the segments of our business and our expectations as we look forward to the rest of the year. Starting with the PC client group. PC client volumes were down seasonally in the first quarter, consistent with our expectations. In addition, we believe the worldwide PC supply chain saw a continued reduction in inventory levels in the first quarter as customers decreased inventory of older generation PCs. In the second quarter, we will launch Haswell, enabling a new wave of ultra-sleek designs across multiple form factors by our customers. We believe the combination of an improving macroeconomic environment, Haswell coming to the market; ultramobile form factors like ultrabooks, convertibles, and tablets; and touch-enabled devices leads to a return to growth in the second half of the year. Moving to the data center group, data center group revenue in the first quarter grew 7% from a year ago. On a year on year basis, we saw significant growth in both the cloud and high-performance computing segments of the market. We continue to refresh our product line to expand our offerings across all ranges of performance, performance per watt, and performance per watt per dollar. At IDF Beijing last week, we announced that our next-generation Atom processor for the microserver segment of the market, code named Avoton, and our Ivy Bridge product for Xeon [cloud] servers, will be shipping in the second half. These leadership products, coupled with our leading-edge [process] technology and the secular growth trends of the data [center] markets, give us confidence in double digit revenue growth for the year.  We are making significant progress in tablets and phones. First quarter tablet volume more than doubled from the fourth quarter, and we expect it to double again in the second quarter. We have shipping designs across both Windows 8 and Android operating systems. In the second half, we will launch Bay Trail, which will further extend our product line across screen sizes and price points. In the phone segment, we had a good first quarter in our baseband business. We are shipping LTE versions today, and are on track to ship multimode voice and data LTE baseband solutions by the end of this year. We are winning designs with our new Clover Trail+ apps processor, where customers and third parties are highlighting both the performance and power efficiency of our architecture and are on track to ship our next-generation product, code named Merrifield, by the end of this year. In other important segments of our business, we saw year on year growth in both our software and services group and our NAND business.  Turning to our financials, first quarter revenue finished at $12.6 billion, in line with our expectations. We are forecasting revenue of $12.9 billion for the second quarter, which is slightly higher than the average seasonal increase, as we expect some pipeline inventory replenishment as we launch Haswell and in anticipation of a stronger second half. Gross margin of 56% was down 2 points from expectations. Increased demand from our customers allowed us to increase production of Haswell products prior to qualification for sale. The result of this was a higher than anticipated inventory writeoff, which we expect to get back throughout the rest of the year as the product is expected to qualify for sale in the second quarter.  In addition, we saw higher than expected excess capacity charges in older generation process technologies. We are taking advantage of the excess capacity on older generation process technologies to take capacity offline and reuse more equipment and space for 14 nanometer and beyond.  The results of these actions allow us to lower our capital spending forecast for the year by $1 billion, down to $12 billion. In addition, our inventories decreased almost $400 million from the fourth quarter. For the second quarter, we expect gross margin to increase 2 points to 58%, and the gross margin forecast for the year remains 60%, with gross margins in the second half back into the low 60s. Operating income for the first quarter was $2.5 billion, with earnings per share of $0.40. Taking a look at the balance sheet, total cash investments ended the quarter at $17.1 billion, down $1.1 billion from the fourth quarter. The reduction in cash was the result of shifting almost $1 billion from short term to longer term investments.  In the first quarter, we generated approximately $4 billion in cash from operations, paid approximately $1 billion in dividends, purchased a little over $2 billion in capital assets, and repurchased $500 million in stock. As Paul said, our manufacturing leadership is extending, and gives us the world’s lowest cost and lowest power transistors. In the first quarter, we shipped our first silicon to a foundry customer, and we announced a significant foundry design win with Altera, who will move their leading edge products to our 14 nanometer process technology.  Building on this leadership, we are on track to start production on 14 nanometer process technology in the back half of this year. The combination of an improving macroeconomic environment and new products coming to the market over the course of the year to take advantage of our manufacturing leadership increases our confidence in being able to achieve financial growth in the second half of 2013. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Paul and Stacy. Before we begin the Q&A, I do recognize that there are questions about the upcoming CEO transition. The selection process is on track, and the board’s goal remains to name a successor by the time Paul retires at the annual shareholder meeting in May. Beyond this, we won’t be offering any additional commentary on the status of the process or the candidates today.  Moving on to the Q&A, as is our long practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow up if you have one. With that, operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Sumit Dhanda of ISI Group. Your line is now open. 
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group: Two questions for you. Stacy, it seems like notebook ASPs were up a little bit sequentially based on the data that you provided in the CFO commentary. Could you help us understand what that was due to? Was it enterprise versus consumer mix? Or was there a bigger proportion of touch that was shipped in the quarter? 
Stacy Smith : There wasn’t very significant change quarter on quarter in terms of notebook ASPs. I would just characterize it as a fairly benign pricing environment. The way we characterized it at the beginning of the year is that we have, I think, a strong product position really across different form factors in the market, and it played out as we expected. So I’d characterize that as just not a lot of change from the way we saw things a quarter ago. 
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group : And then for my follow up, just on the server piece, the last couple of quarters units were pretty flat, and then volumes were down [6%] in the calendar first quarter. I would have thought that would be easy comps. You might have seen a slightly better volume pickup in that business. Anything you could talk to with respect to why that did not occur?
Stacy Smith : On a year over year comparison, units were up, and ASP was up a little bit in the data center group. I think it’s a little bit of an improvement of what we saw in the fourth quarter in the enterprise segment of the data center. And then we continue to see very robust growth rates across the high-performance computing and the big [IT] data centers that support the cloud. So it’s a nice continuation of growth in those segments, and a little bit better in the enterprise segment. And as I think forward to the back half of the year, my suspicion is we’ll start to see the enterprise segment growing again just based on macroeconomic improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets:  A couple of questions. My first one is Stacy, if you could please talk about the capacity. How much of the capex can be moderated lower, if the PC industry continues to be weaker than probably what you thought going into the year? 
Stacy Smith : I think we’re really well-positioned right now from a factory and utilization standpoint. And let me just realign what we did in the first quarter. We saw that units were a little bit weaker than we expected and our expectations came down a bit. That allowed us to bring utilization down on some older generation process technology.  You can see we brought our inventory levels down pretty significantly, and actually a little bit more than I thought when I started the quarter. And we took $1 billion out of capex by rolling forward some older generation technologies to offset things that we needed to buy for 14 nanometer and new process technologies.  In terms of your question of the levers that we have, I think that’s a good example of how we can be responsive in a very tactical time horizon to changes in demand. And as I look forward across the year, the prediction right now is we’re going to run at a healthy rate of utilization. In fact, we’re starting the quarter at that utilization rate. I think inventories will continue to be healthy.  If demand turns out to be stronger, we have some white space that we can grow into, so we can respond up. If demand ends up being a little weaker than we thought, you saw the playbook in Q1. We can pretty quickly react and bring capex down if that’s the case. 
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets : And then my follow up on the foundry strategy, maybe for Paul or for you, what’s the long term vision. Getting Altera was a feather in your cap, but then looking out ahead, what implication does that have for business mix and also for the long term margin structure for the company?
Paul Otellini : I’ve described the strategy before as a crawl, walk, run strategy. We’re past crawling. We’re in the mode of collecting serious customers. The design win activity leads the announcement activity, as you’d expect in this business, and there are some other customers that we still have not yet publicly announced. In terms of the business, as Stacy said I think last quarter, it will not have a significant revenue impact to the company for two to three years. That’s the design cycle for these products. And in the case of someone like Altera, the products tend to run for quite some time. So think of that as something that will start two-plus years from now and run for quite a number of years thereafter on several generations of technology. The business model that we have for the foundry assumes value based pricing. The people that we are soliciting and people that are attracted to us are those who see the advantages of our technology as it manifests itself in their products and gives them an advantage in the marketplace. So it’s a healthy business for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.   
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: First, just relative to what your units did in PCG versus some third-party data and kind of your commentary that you thought that the PC supply chain went through an inventory reduction. There seems to be a little bit of a mismatch, where you guys have outperformed. To what extend is that just netbooks not being classified in your PC group and being classified in third-party data, and to what extent is that emerging market strength perhaps picking up that the third-party data’s not sort of capturing?
Stacy Smith : I’ll start by saying when you take into account all of the different categories that the third parties are looking at, I think we’re pretty aligned with how they view the year. And so you start with the traditional PC segment of the market, we do expect that to be down. We expect netbooks to be down significantly. You can see that in our other IAG results, and in fact it’s getting close to zero. That category is coming to the end of its life. And then we see some of the new form factors of computing are growing significantly. Gartner would call those ultramobile devices, so things like ultrabooks, detachables, convertibles. We’re seeing robust growth there. And then we’re now participating across a broad range of tablets between Windows 8 and Android. And with Bay Trail coming out and Merrifield behind that, we start to participate in a much broader set of screen sizes and price points than we are today.  And so when you net all of this up, and you look broadly at the market for computing, you see some of the traditional form factors down. You see growth in these new form factors. We get to kind of very slight unit growth for the year and that’s pretty consistent with how the third parties are viewing the year.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse :  And then Stacy, as my follow on, just the operating profitability of DCG was down about 500 basis points sequentially. And I guess it’s the lowest in the data set that I’m looking at. Is that incremental opex you guys trying to broaden out into new areas like networking and storage? Is that a gross margin problem? Can you help me understand the profitability? And when do we get back to that 50% op margin that we saw maybe five quarters ago, if ever?
Stacy Smith : It’s a combination of two things, and you’ll notice that it’s also impacting PCG. As we said at the beginning of the quarter, we had significant excess capacity charges that hit both PCG and DCG, and we had a big increase in startup costs as you kind of expect, based on where we are in the 14 nanometer ramp, and those two business units are the ones that really drive both of those, and so that’s where those costs hit.  So as the gross margin improves, we expect that Q1 is the bottom. It’s up a bit in Q2, and then a back half that’s back into the low 60s. You’ll see the operating profit moving back into what you’ve historically come to expect in DCG.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.   
Chris Danely - JP Morgan:  I guess my first question is on the foundry business. Paul, you said the response has been tremendous. You’ve also, in the past, said that you probably wouldn’t take any business that was ARM processor/potential competitor to yourself in the PC or the handset arena. Has that stance changed at all?
Paul Otellini :  No, it hasn’t. I think the ground rules that we’ve laid out, I have three that I was looking at. One would be value-based pricing, to take advantage of our technology. The second is that we would not enable a chip competitor. And the third, that we have not mentioned on the call yet today, is that it would be great if we could form a strategic relationship with a customer so that it went beyond just a single foundry transaction.
Chris Danely - JP Morgan : And then for my follow up, if you look at the sequentials for Q1/Q2 this year, it’s pretty similar to last year. I know none of us want a repeat of the second half of last year. Could you just maybe compare and contrast, and what gives you confidence that we’re not going to see a repeat of last year in the second half of the year for sales?
Stacy Smith :  What gives me confidence in the second half of 2013 really comes down to two things. One, we do expect that the macro environment will improve. That’s consistent with what we’re seeing from most economists now. That could be a repeat to what we thought last year. I think the world was expecting a stronger macroeconomic second half of ’12, but it didn’t materialize. So that is my believe right now. That will directly impact our data center business. There’s a big portion of that business that really is correlated to GDP growth when you look at it over a long period of time.  And then secondly is our product portfolio, and we now participate across a broad range of devices, tablets and convertibles and attachables, and phones, although phones won’t really drive the results in the second half. And so we can embrace this broad market for computing now, and wherever the demand increases, we can participate in it.  And a year ago, we were in the middle of that transition, and so as tablets ramped, and in particular as [unintelligible] tablets ramped, we really weren’t in a position to participate in those segments of the market. 
Paul Otellini : I had a third thing, Chris, which I think is as the OEMs start looking at new form factors that they can design around our new chips, Haswell in particular, and maybe Bay Trail, and Windows 8, enabling touch, the explosion in form factors and the competitiveness of that platform is going to be substantially different, at price points down into the $300 to $400 range enabling touch. We didn’t have that last year. So you go into the prime selling season with new products, new technologies, new form factors, and new capabilities that, up to now, were unapproachable price points.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: My first question, moving on to the DCG side, again, I know you said, Stacy, that you’re confident in double-digit growth for the year and that macro is a big part of it. Is there any sort of granularity you can give us to get us across that bridge from what seemed to be a relatively weak start to the year, whether by the end markets within that segment or new products? Anything you can help us with would be great.
Stacy Smith : I’ll give you a little bit of color commentary on Q1, just so you can kind of see what we’re seeing in terms of growth rates. If you look at the traditional enterprise segment of the market on a year over year basis, as I said earlier, it’s growing a little bit, but think of it as a pretty low growth rate. And that’s compared to the last couple of quarters, where we saw that market in decline. So I think you’d say it’s improving, but it’s not robust. And then we continue to see very high rates of growth in things like the cloud and high-performance computing. And when I say high rates of growth, think of things that are in the 20%, 30%, 40% year on year unit growth rates in those segments of the market. I think that second piece is really a secular driver. It’s all these devices computing, connecting to the internet, driving the [unintelligible] out of the cloud. And then the first piece, I think, is improving and will likely improve into the second half.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : I guess for my follow up, thinking a little bit about inventory and how it plays along into utilization. You guys over the last two quarters have taken the better part of $1 billion out of your inventory. A year ago at this time, you started ramping that back up, then obviously demand was a problem and you had to go back to the underutilization side of things.  Are you going to be a bit more cautious on the pace of utilization and inventory build this year, or are some of the things macro-wise and product-wise that are giving you confidence in the back half demand is going to lead you to the same behavior or just as aggressive as a year ago? 
Stacy Smith: I think we’re on a path where inventory levels in the year are no more than what we have today and likely less than what we have today. I think we’re all learning how to operate more efficiently. Now, it may go up a little bit in the second quarter as the various versions of Haswell qualify, which is part of the story for the Q1 margin miss. And it will continue to manage things very lean.  And as I said in answer to a question earlier, we’re now in a really nice position where we have the capability to flex capacity up if we need to, and so they don’t need to run with big inventory levels. 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Covello of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: The last time PC units were at this level was Q2 ’09, and your quarter capex was less than $1 billion. It was $981 million. The full year capex guidance implies you’re going to be spending three times that amount in quarterly capex for the rest of the year. Why do you need that much capacity when units are at the same levels as then?
Stacy Smith : Let me put capex in maybe a broader context. First, if you take out the 450 mm, we’re down a couple billion dollars from where we were last year. Pretty significant reduction. And if you just look at our capital spending as a percent of revenue relative to the last several years, we’re in the high teens and the last couple of years we’ve been in the low 20s. So I think we’re kind of in the range.  And you compare that against some of the people we compare against, a TSMC or a Samsung, they’re spending some significant multiple of capex relative to revenue than what we are. So I think we’re spending the right amount. I think we can be responsive if the market ends up a little bit weaker. I think we have the ability to flex up if the market ends up being stronger. I’m very comfortable with our positioning.  And as I just discussed with Ross, the operational indicators look really good. I think we’re at a healthy level of inventory. We brought it down to $400 million this quarter. We’re running healthy utilization, and I expect both of those to continue through the year.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs : I absolutely appreciate the perspective around the numbers, but it still doesn’t really answer why it needs to be 3x higher than when units were at the same level.
Stacy Smith : I think if you do any quarter compare, capital spending tends to be over a long period of time. So if you look at it on an annual basis, what we’re forecasting for this year is kind of down a little bit on a percent of revenue relative to what we spent in ’10, ’11, and ’12. 2009 is a weird comparison point, because you’re in the aftermath of the financial meltdown, and as we disclosed to you at that time, that gave us the ability to roll forward entire factories full of equipment from one process generation to the next. I think if you choose that particular time period, you’re going to a weird compare.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs : Okay, I was just picking it because that’s the last time units were at this level, but I understand. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Just to clarify some of the numbers, you mentioned the 450 mm spending. Is that still assumed to be about $2 billion for this year and therefore your spending on your core capex for this year is planned to be about $10 billion, down from $11 billion last year? Is that the way the numbers work?
Stacy Smith : Yes, that’s correct.
David Wong - Wells Fargo : And the other thing is, in your full year revenue guidance, can you give us any idea of roughly what percentage of full year sales might be related to tablets and smartphones, what’s assumed for that?
Stacy Smith : Let me take it at a higher level, and I’ll get to that, but the short answer is smartphones, it doesn’t move the needle for us from a revenue standpoint as we’ve said. We’re in the design win phase there. Tablets is interesting, but I want to talk about that in the context of kind of the broader market for computing.  So let’s start with the data center. It’s about 20% of our revenue. We’ve said we expect it to be double-digit growth. So if you just do simple manager math, that says it’s just the data center is giving a couple of points, maybe a smidge more than that, to the company’s growth rate that we’ve said is low single digits. So just the data center kind of gets us there.  Within the broader market for computing, it’s the answer I gave John earlier, which is we’re seeing a decline in some of the additional form factors. We’re seeing an increase in things like ultrabooks, convertibles, tablets. We’re refreshing our product line there. When you net all that out, you get to some very modest unit growth across all of those devices.  So think of that as being flattish, up a smidge. And then the rest of it is relatively small compared to those two businesses. And that’s how you get to low single digit growth for the company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. 
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  My first question is so far Windows 8 traction has been well below expectations relative to your last earnings call. So what specifically in Haswell can help turn it around? And can you give us a sense of how your customers are thinking about how they will roll out products when Haswell comes around? What will really change in the landscape to improve PC market traction?
Paul Otellini : With Haswell, there’s a number of things. First of all, the overall performance goes up, graphics performance goes up, as well as the integer performance. So it’s a better punch in the package than we’ve had with Ivy Bridge. Point one. Point two, the power envelope, or the batter life for that level of performance, is exceptionally better than Ivy Bridge.  Third, it gets into the form factor innovation and the integration with touch as I spoke about earlier, which I think is really part of the recipe required for Win 8 adoption. I’ve recently converted personally to Windows 8 with touch, and it is a better Windows than Windows 7 in the desktop mode, when you implement the touch and the touch-based applications and operating environment. It’s just a lot easier to use.  There is an adoption curve, and once you get over that adoption curve, I don’t think you go back. And we didn’t quite have that same kind of adoption curve in Windows 7 versus XP before it. This requires a little bit of training. And I think people are attracted to touch, and the touch price points today are still fairly high, and they’re coming down very rapidly over the next couple of quarters.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And as my follow up, Stacy, the buyback slowed down to I think about a $500 million in the last quarter. You were above $1 billion in prior quarters. How should we think about buyback activity for this year? How should we think about overall users of cash for this year.
Stacy Smith : As I think you know, we don’t share prospectively what we’re planning to do with the buyback, just as a matter of policy. What I can share with you is that our priorities are still the priorities that we’ve been talking about. It’s investing in our business first, it’s dividends second. And I shared with you the expectation that we want a dividend that’s on the order of 40% of free cash flow. And I think that’s giving us a pretty good dividend yield today. 
 : 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Sanford Bernstein. 
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: You spoke before about your increased confidence now versus last year. But if I’m just looking over the last three months, we have weaker results in Q1, which raises the operational bar for the second half, on both top line and gross margin, which suggests you’re even more confident in that back half ramp than you were three months ago, even in the wake of what looks to be pretty challenging market data. You’re also taking capex down, though, which would belie that increased confidence some.  I was just wondering, could you help me identify the sources of that increased confidence in that back half ramp versus where you were three months ago, as well as help me rationalize that with the cut to the capex outlook. 
Stacy Smith : First of all, just to make sure I’m not oversoaking things here, you really just need seasonal from where we are in order to achieve the low single digit revenue growth. So I don’t think we have a hugely high bar out there, and I went through a dissection of where I think the revenue comes from.  In terms of the things that give me confidence, or at least I personally believe it could be better than seasonal, it’s the things we talked about, improving macroeconomic environment, the fact that we now are participating across a range of compute devices, and so the mix between those don’t impact us nearly as much.  And then third, as Paul said, you have innovative form factors coming out in ultrabooks, in convertibles, and in detachables, that are hitting these really compelling mainstream price points that are touch enabled. And as we get into the Christmas selling season, your expectation is you will see touch-enabled ultrabooks that are $499 and $599 pretty commonly out there. $599 commonly, and $499 as kind of special SKUs.  And then we’ll see, because of Bay Trail coming into the marketplace, you’ll see touch-enabled thin notebooks with really good performance that are hitting kind of $300 price points. And then with our Android tablets, you’ll see things that are significantly, [hey, I have that]. So we’ll be participating across a broad range of compute devices as we get into the back half of this year.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: For my follow up, I wanted to dig a little bit into the trajectory of your fab output. It sounds to me like your current [time] to loading is similar to what you had last quarter, which I think was full fabs on the second half. It almost sounds like you may be running close to full right now.  What does that mean for your expectations for how much your fab output may grow in 2014, year over year. I would think you anticipate running full in 2014, and we were pretty lean in the first part of 2013. Would double digit upside be the right way to think about that in terms of fab output? And how much of that increase might be inventory replenishment versus demand upside? 
Stacy Smith : I think it’s early to talk about 2014 at this point. We have the ability to respond to lots of different volume scenarios for 2014. If it’s large, we can put on more capacity. If it ends up being closer to a bust, we can play the playbook we played…
Paul Otellini : We’ve also got the technology transition to the 14 nanometers. [unintelligible] a first order, all of our spending is focused on 14 nanometers , which gives us a fairly significant ramp capability. If demand for older products exceeds what we could build on 14, we could still build 22 for quite some time. So I really think it depends on whatever demand scenario you see out there. In any event, the most important thing for us is to make that transition to 14 and continue to have the leading edge.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein : And I understand that. Just mathematically, though, if I’m running full in 2014 and I was pretty empty in the first part of 2013, even if you’re not adding a tremendous amount of capacity, doesn’t that imply a very significant uptick in your fab output in ‘14 versus ’13, if ’13 is flattish to ’12, and in ’12 we already had too much? Mathematically, what does it imply if you’re running full in 2014 even if you don’t add anything?
Paul Otellini : We haven’t talked about 2014.
Stacy Smith: Yeah, and I think what you’re equation misses there is that we roll forward capacity. So we take capacity offline. Think of the change in capex at a first approximation of we took older generation technology offline a little faster than we thought. And we offset stuff that we were going to buy to make the transition and to build towards that 14 nanometer peak. We don’t actually have to choose the 14 nanometer peak today. We can continue to refresh capital.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein : I understand. I’m just saying if you’re running full in 2014, and you’re not full for ’13, how much would your output [go up]? Forgetting transitions and 14 nanometers and capex, just on a rough basis, how much are we talking about in terms of increase?
Stacy Smith : If we’re running full in 2014. I mean, I’m not sure how to answer that question, because I don’t yet know how much capacity we’re going to put in place for ’14.
Mark Henninger: And Stacy, I think at that point we’ll want to move on to the next questioner. I’ll be happy to follow up with you a little bit later.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman of RBC. Your line is now open. 
Doug Freedman - RBC : In the past, when you looked at Intel you were successful because your customers were successful. And right now I think it’s general perception that the PC ecosystem is really not in the greatest state of health. What is it that you think Intel can do to try to make your customers more successful in the marketplace?
Paul Otellini : I think continue to give them the tools to innovate. And I wouldn’t paint the entire customer base with the same brush that you just did. Certainly if you looked at the last quarter, even inside the PC space, Lenovo outperformed everybody else, and actually had a very good year on year set of numbers, in a down year. Apple continues to do well. Subsets of customers in different segments are also doing very well in terms of, say, those. Those providing products into the internet data centers. What I see when we look out is a tremendous amount of innovation, particularly at the ODM and Taiwanese OEM side, where the ability to miniaturize and bring things into extremely thin form factors is as revolutionary as the amount of changes I’ve seen in my time in this industry.  And so I think what we can do is give them the products, like Haswell and Bay Trail to innovate around. We can help them with other feature sets like voice and speech that go around them, and just help them build better products.
Doug Freedman - RBC : When we look at sort of what we’re seeing Intel do strategically, that is investing in things outside of what we call core PC, how do I try to quantify how big an investment you’re willing to make in things such as the set top box or in the foundry efforts or other areas of revenue that the company is seeking?
Paul Otellini : I don’t look at things with quite that level of granularity. The foundry thing, the investment is really going to be taking advantage, at least near term, with the current customer base, of capacity that we’re already putting in place. That doesn’t mean that at some point we won’t have to actually build extra capacity for a foundry customer or a foundry business, but today, up to this point, it’s certainly within our ability to absorb.  The set top box spending, or the stuff we’re doing in Intel media, in the grand scheme of things, is not a lot of spending. So the real issue is inside of our core microprocessor and platform development, and we’re at the point now where roughly half of our spending is focused on system on chip, inside the microprocessor world.  And the system on chip environment is really a lot of the ultramobile products. It’s the phones, it’s the tablets. It’s embedded systems. It’s automotive, etc. Where we have fairly strong growth opportunities. So it’s not the same monolithic Tick-Tock model that we put in place eight years ago. 
Mark Henninger: Operator, we’ll go ahead and take two more questions.  
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley:  My question is on the commentary that the pipeline inventory replenishment will be a driver for slightly higher than seasonal Q2. Can you put some perspective on that? It seems like you normally have new products in Q2, and you normally have strength in Q3. Is the current inventory level lean, or how should we view that inventory replenishment comment?
Stacy Smith : I think inventory levels generally are lean everywhere we look. We saw an inventory burn in the broader pipeline in Q1. And our inventory levels are down more than I expected when I started the quarter, and down pretty significantly. So I think inventory levels are lean.  And I also want to put it in perspective. You’re talking a minor difference. Being up 3% quarter on quarter is kind of well within Q1 the Q2 seasonality. I don’t think there’s any one big driver there. I think we’ll see people putting in place some Haswell based systems in anticipation of the second half selling season, just as they burned inventory on some of the older generation systems in the first quarter. 
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley : And then in terms of ultrabook, last year you had given pretty precise targets on where you wanted that to come out as a percentage of consumer notebooks. To the extent that you’re willing to talk about it, can you give us any kind of qualitative assessment of where you think those penetration numbers will go this year, and any kind of goals or targets that you may have?
Stacy Smith : There’s a market for ultrabooks, and it’s a sizable market. I mean, if you look at Gartner data, it’s growing robustly. But there’s this reinvention going on just broadly across the notebook. And we’re seeing now the percent of thin and light notebooks relative to the total notebook market that are kind of on the order of a third of the market. And I think that grows from here as we hit price points.  So I think the reinvention of the form factor is well underway. Some of those are going to be more premium ultrabooks with touch and then new form factors of convertibles and detachables. A big chunk of that is going to be that wedge of volume behind that, which are thin and light touch enabled notebooks that aren’t categorized as ultrabook. All of that is good for us. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open. 
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company: I wanted to ask a question about the mix between bricks and mortar and equipment spending. You had said before, when you had guided core capex minus the 450 mm spending of ’11 flat, you said the equipment portion would be up pretty sizably year over year. So since you cut $1 billion out of that, will the equipment portion still be up? Or is it now down?
Stacy Smith : I haven’t looked at that math. You’re right. The way I characterized it, we spent about 40% of our capex in 2012 on equipment. That percentage came down in 2013. More of the cut to capex was equipment than realignment of space, so I’d have to go back and look at the map. And that’s typically something we share with you in the November investor meeting, to just kind of give you a sense of where is the capex going and then some color commentary over the next couple of years.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company : And then just second thing, you just gave some price points for touch-enabled notebooks that I look back at my notes and you were previously saying $599 to $799 for touch-enabled notebooks, and now from what you just said I think you were saying that you’re going to have some at $499 with line of sight down to $300. That’s quite a bit lower. So I’m wondering, did something change? Because at those price points, you get a much different demand profile.
Paul Otellini : Separate ultrabook versus notebook.
Stacy Smith : These are touch-enabled notebooks.
Paul Otellini : We have a certain spec for ultrabooks, and that is the product that Stacy said is going to be centered at as low as $599 with some [diverse] SKUs to $499. If you look at touch-enabled Intel based notebooks that are ultrathin and light using non-core processors, those prices are going to be down to as low as $200 probably.
Stacy Smith : And I’d say the big change over the last 12 months there is that Bay Trail is going to be a great product in that segment of the market. We think it enables stunning performance relative to what the competition can bring. And it’s going to enable these price points. A year ago, we didn’t really have line of sight to hitting that, and today we’re cleanly there.
Mark Henninger: Thank you operator, and thank you all for joining us today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Investor Relations Paul Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank C.J. Muse - Barclays David Wong - Wells Fargo Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Glen Yeung - Citi Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Romit Shah - Nomura John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Shawn Webster - Macquarie
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Intel Corporation's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mark Henninger with investor relations. Please go-ahead.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Huey, and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they are currently available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. If during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com. Lastly, I'd like to highlight that this year and going forward, we'll be holding our Annual Investor Meeting in the fall, rather than in May. We will send out a further date notice this spring with all the important event logistics and we will look forward to seeing you there. With that, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon. In 2012, Intel generated almost $1 billion of net income every month. This was in an environment of relatively soft PC demand and weak macroeconomic conditions. From a product perspective, 2012 was a year of significant transitions in our markets and a year of important milestones for Intel. I'd like to take a moment to recap a few of the most significant developments. The Data Center Group saw a comprehensive refresh across its product line last year. Romley locked the Sandy Bridge architecture to servers for the first time. While the launches of Knights Corner and Centerton in the fourth quarter expanded the range of DCG Solutions from teraflops to a few watts. Knights Corner or Xeon Phi brings 60 cores in the familiar Intel architecture programming model to supercomputing applications. At six watts, Centerton is the industry's only low power microserver SoC that delivers critical enterprise features like 64-bit, ECC and virtualization. Over the last 12 months, we also worked with our industry partners to bring Ultrabooks to the mainstream, ramping from roughly 20 designs to more than 140. At CES last week, I was struck by our industry's renewed inventiveness. PC manufacturers are embracing innovation as we are in the midst of radical transformation of the computing experience with the blurring of form factors and the adoption of new user interfaces. It's no longer necessary to choose between a PC and a tablet. Convertibles and detachable, combined with Windows 8 and Touch, provide a two for one, no compromise computing experience. Ultrabooks have also served to accelerate the trend towards thinner and lighter notebooks. For example, the volume of systems less than one-inch think grew 18-fold last year in the U.S., and we expect to see the same trend continue around the world. Last quarter, our customers also began shipping tablets based upon our Clover Trail SoC and Windows 8. These systems boost up to 10 hours of battery life, three weeks of connected standby and come in a range of sleek ultra light form factors, all while bringing the benefits of software compatibility with the millions of Windows applications written for Intel architecture. There are now 10 Clover Trail tablets shipping today with several more launching in the coming months. 2012 was a milestone year for Intel architecture and smartphones with our customers now shipping seven devices across 20 countries. These phones use our 32-nanometer Medfield SoC and our extremely comparative with the best ARM designs on performance and equal or better power and battery life. We saw the introduction of our 22-nanometer manufacturing process and along with it a revolutionary new tri-gate or 3D transistor technology. 22-nanometer products represented more than half of our volume in the fourth quarter as the rest of the industry works to ship its very first tri-gate designs. In July, we announced an important strategic relationship with ASML, which combined with our process technology expertise, will accelerate deployment of EUV and 450-millimeter technologies helping to ensure the future of Moore's Law and our growing manufacturing leadership. Looking ahead to 2013, I am excited about the strong pipeline of our products, we have coming to market. In the first half of this year, we will launch Haswell, enabling one of the most significant changes to the PC since Centrino in 2003. Haswell was designed from the ground up to enable breakthrough innovation in form factor, battery life and usability. It will deliver the single largest generation-to-generation battery life improvement in Intel's history and it is inspiring a new wave of ultra-sleek, convertible, touch-based designs across our customer base. Later this year, we will ship 22 nanometer versions of our Zion and Atom products for the data center, bringing the power, performance and efficiency benefits of 3D transistor technology to our entire data center product line. In 2013, we will also begin to deliver the industry's first 22 nanometer tablet and smartphone SoCs to OEMs. We are now shipping our single mode data LTE baseband to customers and over the course of the year will begin delivering multimode data and voice modems to customers, giving us a full complement of competitive technologies to grow our device business. Last, but not least, we will begin our transition to 14 nanometers as we begin the world's first 14 nanometer products towards the end of this year. We see the industry in a period of transition and hyper innovation. We are well-positioned to take advantage of these trends across the spectrum of computing from the lowest-power portable devices to the most powerful data center servers and everywhere in between. With that, let me turn the meeting over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Paul. The fourth quarter came in consistent with our expectations for 2012. Although our financial results were below our expectations entering the year, we launched leadership products in every major business segment and we extended our manufacturing leadership. In 2012, revenue was $53.3 billion, gross margin was 62%, operating income was $14.6 billion, net income was $11 billion and earnings per share was two dollars and $0.13. For the year, the business continued to generate significant cash with almost $19 billion of cash from operations. We increased the dividend per share by 7%, resulting in over $4 billion in dividends paid and repurchased roughly $5 billion of stock. We continue to invest in our manufacturing leadership. We purchased $11 billion in capital assets, primarily building and equipping leading edge factories and made a $3 billion strategic equity investment in ASML. Lastly, we took advantage of record low interest rates and borrowed $6 billion. Total cash investments ended the year at roughly $18 billion, up approximately $3 billion from a year ago. Revenue of $53.3 billion was down 1% from a year ago and below the expectations we had at the start of the year. Worldwide GDP growth was significantly less than we had thought entering the year and the PC market segment with impacted by the growth of tablets. Our PC client group was down 3% from a year ago. The data center group grew 6% year-over-year, as a richer mix of products and significant growth in the internet cloud segment of our business was partially offset by weakness in the enterprise server market. Gross margin of 62% in 2012 was flat to 2011 at the high-end of our historical range for the third year in a row. Our investments in industry leading manufacturing process technology continued to pay off through leadership products and a highly responsive factory network. We invested over $10 billion in research and development in 2012, up almost $2 million from a year ago. The increase was driven by investments in Ultrabooks, the data center, phones and tablets. In addition, we made investments in core capabilities, like security, SoCs and extending our process technology leadership. Spending, as a percent of revenue, was 34%. Fourth quarter revenue finished at $13.5 billion, in line with expectations. We believe the worldwide PC supply chain saw a continued reduction in inventory levels in the fourth quarter as customers reduced inventory of older generation PCs. Gross margin at 58% was up one point from expectations and down five points from the third quarter. The drop from the third quarter was driven primarily by excess capacity charges as a result of the aggressive tactical actions we took to reduce inventory levels and to redirect space and equipment to 14 nanometer. Our inventories decreased almost $600 million from the third quarter as a result of these actions. Separately, we start production on our next-generation microarchitecture product code-named Haswell, which we expect to qualify for sale this quarter. This production prior to qualification for sale resulted in an increase in inventory write-offs. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $3.2 billion with earnings per share of $0.48. As we look forward to the first quarter of 2013, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $12.7 billion, down 6% from the fourth quarter. This forecast is in line with the average seasonal decline for the first quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range for the first quarter to be flat at 58% as the impact of higher factory start-up cost and lower volumes are offset by lower excess capacity charges and the qualification for sale of Haswell. Turning to 2013, we are planning for revenue growth in the low-single digits and forecasting the midpoint of our gross margin range at 60%. Capital spending for our core business is expected to be roughly flat to 2012. Additionally, we will spend roughly $2 billion to start building our first 450-millimeter development facility. We are forecasting spending for the $18.9 billion, a $700 million increase from 2012. This is the full year impact of the increase to investments and R&D that occurred in 2012 and annual salary increases for 2013. As a result of the significant progress we made in 2012 across all of our product lines, I enter 2013 optimistic about our long-term prospects. A year ago, we were just introducing the concepts of Ultrabooks to the world. Today, the market has been redefined with thin, light, powerful Ultrabooks and convertibles. A year ago, Intel was not shipping products into the tablet market. Today, we have Clover Trail tablets shipping in the market, delivering performance and power benefits versus what our competitors can do. And in 2013, we will ramp our next generation tablet SoC, codename Bay Trail, in both, the Windows and Android markets. Intel is now inside seven shipping smartphone designs. And here again, the third-party benchmark show that we are not only capable of matching the competition in power efficiency, we are leading them. In 2012, we built on the strength of our data center offering and we expect to return to double-digit revenue growth in 2013. And lastly, we built on our manufacturing lead and are well into the ramp of our 22-nanometer factories and will start production on the 14-nanometer process this year. This puts us significantly ahead of the competition. The combination of new products and design wins across all segments and our manufacturing leadership will benefit our business in the quarters to come. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: All right, thank you, Paul and Stacy. We'll now move on to Q&A, and as is our normal practice, we ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Should we please go ahead and introduce our first questioner?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: If I look back between the last two years and then heading into what you just guided to for 2013, it seems like your CapEx and your OpEx are outgrowing revenues. I guess, if I partner that together with where the stock is trading valuation wise, it really looks like investors are dubious as to when any returns are going to come from those investments. So, I guess the question after that is, when do you see the investments come or the return on these investments coming. How long do you think this investment stays last and what are some of the mile markers we should look for to see those returns being generated?
Paul Otellini: Ross, there's two parts to the CapEx this year. I mean, two large parts to the CapEx this year, Ross. One is, you are starting to see in our first significant investments in bricks and mortar and some equipment for the 450-millimeter transition which happens later part of this decade. We have to make to those investments earlier. Now that we've solidified our relationship and contractual relationship with ASML, it gives us line of sight to that conversion and therefore we're now in a better position to predict the exact timing and deploy capital for that, so I would treat that as a more of an extraordinary event that's not related to the day-to-day business in terms of volume in 2014, 2015, 2016. The CapEx that we are projecting on a base level, $13 billion minus the $2 billion is $11 billion, which is about what we spent last year. And, as I look forward into the business in 2014 and 2015 as we finish up the 14-nanometer factories and begin deployment of the construction of and equipping of the 10-factories, we need those factories principally for our view of the computing market, and in that that would include tablets and certainly the data center. So as we look at it, it gets used. Remember the leading edge capacity is the lowest cost for us on a per unit basis, the highest performance and the lowest power. So regardless of what you think the size of the market is, the world's leading edge fabs are the single greatest asset that we have.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: I guess, this is my one follow-up, just playing off of that. Is the capacity that you are going to have and I realize the 450 stuff isn’t coming till later but is most of the incremental capacity for your core PC related business? Or when you say computing, is it more DCG and I guess, the word computing could even include tablets and smartphones?
Paul Otellini: Yes, when I am talking about that I was specifically including the enterprise business, the data center business. The PC business, as we have known it and as it's evolving and I would include tablets in that because as we look forward, it's very difficult to distinguish between a detachable, clamshell notebook and a tablet. The form-factors are going to blur here. The performance requirements are going to be the same spectrum of performance requirements that we think we have seen in the PC space over the last two years. I kept phones separately out of that discussion because I think the relative volume in phones in terms of this deployment of CapEx is still relatively small.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse - Barclays: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess this is a follow-up to Ross' question on CapEx. If we exclude that $2 billion on 450 and we look at the core spending, can you talk about the spending on bricks-and-mortar last year and anticipated this year as a percentage and also how we should think about equipment spend as part of that.
Stacy Smith: Sure, Hi, C.J., this is Stacy. I will take that. Let me break out that capacity related CapEx in a couple of different ways. First if you look at it by process, it's very much driven by building for the peak of 14 nanometer and then it's the start of the investment and 10 nanometer. So just building on what Paul said, if you think about that, it's really building for units that we expect in 2014 and 2015 because that’s where you start to see the peak of 14 nanometer and the start of the ramp of the 10. In terms of the breakout between what's for facilities versus what's for equipment, as I had showed at the investor meeting back in May, we are seeing that the facility related spending is coming back and a higher proportion of that CapEx is for equipment.
C.J. Muse - Barclays: And just as part of that, are you capitalizing investment in ASML or the R&D investment in ASML?
Stacy Smith: No. Now that’s not a capital expense. It was an investment expense.
C.J. Muse - Barclays: Great, and I guess as my follow-up, in terms of the guidance for low single-digit topline growth in '13, can you walk through the underlying assumptions, particularly as it relates to your outlook for PCs and the DCG group?
Stacy Smith: Yes, I said in my prepared remarks, we expect the data center group to return to double-digit revenue growth and diving into that, it's the cloud data center plus our participation in portions of the market like storage and some of the networking sections of the market. It's both unit and ASP based on the strength of our product line and follow-up. Then for the core PC market, the traditional PC market, we have pretty modest expectations around units and we think where the growth comes from are these devices that sit in the middle. So the convertibles, it's the best of the tablet and the PC and then our beginning of participation across the tablet market.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo. Please go-ahead. Your line is open.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. The $2 billion for future 450 millimeter production. Is this an ongoing expense? Will you need to put in a similar amount next year?
Stacy Smith: Yes, so as Paul said, what changed over the course of 2013 is the industry consortium around 450triangulated on first equipment to be available in 2015 which is why people are starting to talk about pilot lines in that timeframe. Frankly, a lot of that was enabled by our investment in the ASML allowed the alignment around that timeline. So when we look at 2015 as the time where we can have equipment available, we want to start the production of the big construction of a development facility. That's typically a couple of year cycle and so I would expect some facility related spending next year that’s in the range of what we are spending this year. Then we won't get into the capital related spending for this into the back half of the decade, the production related capital spending into the back half of this decade.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Great, Thanks. The beginning of the 10-nanometer spending that you'll be doing this year, does that assume immersion lithography or EUV?
Paul Otellini: I think I will save that disclosure for our technologists. We tend to be pretty close to the best with those kinds of things for obvious reasons, David.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Paul, there are some reports Intel potentially manufacturing some ASICs for Cisco. My question is not about Cisco per se, but it's really a broader question. Is Intel fundamentally set up from an operational or a financial perspective to become a specialized foundry and what would be some of the financial metrics and the kind of end markets that you would target?
Paul Otellini: My view on this, Vivek, hasn't changed since the Analyst Meeting, Investor Meeting in May, so I can reiterate that for you. We are very interested in being a selective foundry manufacturer for certain customers. We don't see ourselves as a general purpose foundry or competing with the general purpose foundries. The kinds of things we would do, we would not take business that would enable a competitor. We would certainly consider business that would enable and strengthen relationships with strategic partners. The kinds of things that we've announced so far have been in the programmable logic area, which is an area that Intel is not in today, so that makes perfect sense and those kinds of companies need leading edge technology. So, that's the pattern for which we would do this, so yes, we are in a position to be able to handle those kinds of customers. It's we've been building up that capability for several years now and we are now going into production. I described this I think in May as a crawl, walk, run strategy and we are still in the crawl part of it. And to the second part of the question around our expectations around return, I mean it's pretty simple. To the extent that we engage with these foundry customers, we want to make money at it. We want to get paid in terms of margin and we want to get a return on our invested capital commensurate with our technology leadership.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. As my follow-up, we have recently started seeing an increased adoption of ARM's Cortex-A15 processor and I believe earlier today, DSMT spoke about their optimism, but the 20-nanometer process ramping next year at a faster pace than they had ramped 28-nanomer. So, my question is, do you see the competition catching up in terms of performance or in general how should we view the computing landscape? Thank you.
Paul Otellini: No, I don't. Now that we've met the power battery life curves and we are still on 32-nanometers as we move to 22 in 2014, you will see us accelerate. We've looked at the 815, we've looked at the 815 specs and we know our own silicon in terms of Bay Trial and Cover Trail Plus, and we are very comfortable that we can maintain a performance lead there. Micro architecture is hard and it's something we've got 30 years of experience at, and these devices are simply becoming very small computers and that's what Intel is exceptional at.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go head. Your line is open.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Just a follow-up on the foundry question. You did say at the Analyst Meeting that you hadn't earmarked any of the capital spending for foundry. Is that still the case when you look at the 2013 spending?
Paul Otellini: Yes. I mean, other than that two or three small customers that you have heard of is not driving our CapEx.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great, and if you talking about getting your historic returns, what does that imply on the price per wafer that you would charge relative to what other foundries charge on an apples-to-apples basis or is that too difficult to think about because you are in process node?
Paul Otellini: Well, I mean, we are pricing real time with customers, so it's not per wafer. Most people are now pricing, the foundries are pricing per die or per millimeter square and that tends to be the model that we would use here to for the most part depending on this level of technology we are talking about. The pricing here is going to be value-based pricing. I mean, obviously it has to be competitive, but the value that we bring in terms of the technology is I think pretty exceptional.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. It sounds to me like you are guiding traditional PCs down a ton this year and yet you seem to making a very big bet on revenue growth in to 2014 because it seems like this flood of CapEx doesn’t really start getting depreciated until then. So how much do you need to take, in terms of share within tablets or how much of that tablet market needs to be eaten up by your convertible PCs in order to fill that big bet in 2014 that you seem to be making and avoid the underutilization that may otherwise happen from the CapEx that you are spending?
Stacy Smith: I take issue with the characterization of guiding PCs down a ton and then some big snap back.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: But you said revenues were up of 2% with data center up in the double digits and phones and tablets ramping, which implies that the core PC business is down.
Stacy Smith: No, so I said for the company its low single-digits in terms of our expected revenue growth, data center up and back into the double digits. You still end up with client growth when you go through that and I think the point that Paul was making earlier was a really important one which was the lines between a traditional notebook, a convertible, a tablet have blurred to the point that it’s a market for computing and we are expecting some unit, now Q1 we think is seasonally down. That’s what we guided but when we get into the back half and you have a combination of new products in the market and an improving macroeconomic environment I think that’s a fairly reasonable assumption on the year. As we think, into the future, we think of it as just more or less normal growth, consistent with what we have historically seen, from a unit standpoint. It's just growth across a much wider range of devices than what we have historically supported. You want me to add anything to that?
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, I guess a follow-up on that. My math suggests that you are guiding depreciation this year at $1.7 billion quarterly run-rate, which is flat which suggests to me that your incremental CapEx spending doesn’t actually start getting depreciated on next year, which, again, tells me that you are looking for a fairly solid amount of growth in 2014 to cover that. At the same time, I know you talked about phones and data center and PCs and everything adding to that but the data center business, you sell what, right now 16 million chips a year, something like that which comes from a fab. You have phones which Paul admitted, we are probably sill going to be small. Then you have tablets where the dies are a lot smaller. So unless you are driving tons and tons of volume, it is actually not a ton away for volume. So what sort of growth, is your historical level of unit growth enough to fill the CapEx you are putting in and what gives you confidence that you can you have that same kind of historical level of unit growth?
Stacy Smith: I think it is and I think that we have line of sight into what our customers are designing around Haswell which is this year's innovative new core product and Broadwell which is next year. So we know the specs on those. The customers know the specs on those. I have seen the prototypes of the industrial designs. They are really exciting products. Our customers have not had this level of performance in this kind of form factor before. To some extent, we are branch predicting that that level of product will generate sufficient excitement to keep the client growth going. In none of our numbers are we projecting an inflection point, upwards or downwards. We see renewed growth around these new form-factors.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Got it. You have room to modulate CapEx down?
Mark Henninger: Stacy, we want to make sure we make time for everybody on the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda with the ISI Group. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group: A couple of questions. One question on what happened in Q4. It seems like your PC client units were down 4%. So third-party data for PCs was up 2% to 3% sequentially depending on the way you look at. Was this mainly an inventory drain and perhaps if you could talk just broadly about the inventory picture at your customers, Paul, as you exited the fourth quarter?
Paul Otellini: Yes, I will take that. We think that there was an inventory drain and a worldwide supply chain for PCs in the fourth quarter. Our channel checks would suggest that a lot of older generation Windows 7 PCs were burned off in the quarter. When we look overall at inventory levels across all the downstream inventory, we think it’s a healthy level of inventory. It looks appropriate for how we see demand and then in terms of our own inventory levels, obviously we reduced them significantly in the fourth quarter.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group: Okay, and then for my follow-up, it's on ASPs. They are up, both on the data center and the PC client group. Any particular dynamic at work? I know in the third quarter, data center ASPs are weak because of the mix. If you could shed any light on both of those categories? Thank you.
Paul Otellini: Sure, in the data center, as I said in my comments, the driver was Romley was shipping to the Sandy Bridge for server part. That drove the mix up and it drove the mix to [MP] up and that helped drive the overall richness of the data center business. On PCs, what we saw was the strength in the core product line principally going into Ultrabooks and laptops and little more weakness than we would have first thought in the bottom of the PC market in our Celeron and Pentium product lines.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Glen Yeung with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Thank you. I guess, question for you Paul on the potential for hybrid or even just Ultrabooks in the second half of 2013, and [point] of it, I think we are starting to see a bifurcation where we are selling the small tablets and they seem to be selling well and actually the tenants tablets may be not selling as well as one would have expected and I wonder if that's somehow opening up opportunity for the laptop, the Ultrabook, the hybrid to make a bit of a comeback.
Paul Otellini: Yes. I think coming out of CES, the trends are pretty clear, and certainly in Asia in terms of the buying patterns. Phones are getting bigger and you saw the core tablets, which is a phone tablet sort of form factor emerge which are six, even seven-inch phones. And then, of course, the shift of tablets from 10 to 7 inches, and I think that's probably what you are going to see. That the market will bifurcate between sort of the 5 to 7-inch type of products and the 10-plus inch type of products. And then 10-plus inch type of products, particularly as you get to 12-13 inches are going to be more classic PC level of performance and now enabled by these convertible detachable form factors that only get thinner as Haswell and Broadwell come on.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Interesting, and maybe to follow-up Stacy, just trying to think through the cash balance that Intel is comfortable working with, because it is a lot of spending coming up in a year where it's kind of anemic revenue growth. What's the level of cash at which you feel comfortable and is there any need? I know you raised that recently any need you think to have to do that at some point during the course of the year?
Stacy Smith: Not need, but we would certainly look opportunistically like we have been and we certainly have capacity if we ever wanted to, but I think it's instructive to just look at where we are. If you take Q4, which we would say was a relatively tough quarter at the top line, macroeconomic weakness, the impact of tablets on our business, we generated $6 billion of cash flow from operations, we had $2.5 billion of CapEx, we paid a little over $1 billion in dividends. So, we are generating plenty of cash to invest in our business and to pay the dividend and protect the dividend. So, I am not worried about it from that standpoint, and as I model out 2013, I get to a similar model where I am generating more cash than I need for those two things. In terms of the cash balance that I'm comfortable with, I am comfortable with how much cash we have today. I could live with a little bit less also and we make those decisions tactically as we go forward.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Next question in queue comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. I wonder if you could update us on your acquisition Infineon Wireless. It's been almost a couple of years. And specifically, where you are with 4G LTE, where you are with an integrated baseband plus Atom part and when we can expect to see more progress in handsets? Thanks.
Paul Otellini: Well, Infineon is doing well. They are well on their way to an LTE solution. I talked about that in my commentary, but to reiterate what I said was that we are shipping the data mode now, the dual data mode and the voice mode shipping later this year. First LTE phones, I would expect to have launched early next year, principally around MWC-14. We believe we have a very competitive solution. The Infineon team is known for not necessarily being first to market, but being really good at engineering a very solid solution and being cost effective and cost competitive and I think that they are doing a very good job with respect to this product. In terms of integrated solutions, you'll see higher levels of integration from us next year.
Stacy Smith: Craig, if I could just add to that too? Paul talked about our roadmap side. The thing I'm struck by in this space is how hungry it is that the customers are to work with us in this space. So I think it’s a nice combination. We got a good roll of products across the year and it looks like people are really lining up to have us as one of their key partners.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Just following up on this topic of conversation. Any plans to do anything more interesting strategically in terms of putting them in PCs or any plans to develop Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS, NFC to integrate down the road? Lastly, do you expect growth from Infineon in 2013? Thank you so much.
Paul Otellini: Well, on the middle, all of the above. We have many of those technologies in-house now and are doing levels of integration that makes sense at the right time. In terms of PCs, the problem has not been technical. The problem has been price and most PC manufacturers would prefer, for IP and royalty based reasons, to not build that into their PCs and to have it be either an add-in chip through a slot or add-in service through a dongle.
Stacy Smith: Sorry, we broke off. But I would expect that as the LTE solutions are ramping in the marketplace, we will start to see growth. So I don’t its going to be much in '13 and then it goes from there.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. The question I have is, if you share with us your view on price elasticity in the client PC market in either and aggregate or on the notebook side? I guess what I am wondering is, for the better part of last decade, the model seemed to be you drop your price something on the order of like 5%, 6% a year. You drive like and then that drove 10% to 12% unit growth and you got single-digit revenue growth. Then in '10 and '11, you crushed growth, your prices went up and your unit growth really did not. Now in '12, we have a down year, '13 is low single-digit growth and I am wondering if you think there is elasticity in the market and if you expect to drive your ASPs down in order to drive that elasticity. Thank you.
Stacy Smith: Mark, thank you. I don’t think this price elasticity. There is just much elasticity in the classic form factors. If we wind the tape back earlier than your comments, what we saw was a similar kind of price elasticity the desktop in the 80s and 90s. When PCs broke the $1,000, volume went dramatically up and the desktop PC continued to drop down until it stabilized at the price points where minimum margin was available for all the players. The cheapest desktop was $299 sort of model or something like that. Notebooks went the same way. First notebooks were $3,000 and now notebooks are $299 to $1,299 in terms of the sweet spot. I think people will buy based upon their need within those price points, but it is very difficult for me to see them going from $299 to $99. The bill of materials just doesn’t support it. What we are likely to see and what we saw in the fourth quarter, in fact in the Windows 8, touch-enabled models was that people willing to spend a little bit more to get a more capable product. That certainly has been true in the Apple model for many, many years and I think that there is model of getting paid for innovation. Intel's core product line has always shown that. Now you are starting to see it in the system-level price points as well.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thank you. For a follow-up, if I may. EUV, do you guys have a view on when you can expect to start putting that into the factories? Thanks.
Paul Otellini: Again this is like the emergent question. It's why we keep those things pretty close to our vest. So it's not what I am prepared to talk about.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Romit Shah - Nomura: Thanks a lot. Stacy, if you take the 10-year median for revenue growth, starting in Q2, I only get the slight revenue growth for 2013. So it looks like you are expecting a better than seasonal quarter. Could you talk a little bit about just how the year may play out in terms of trajectory?
Stacy Smith: I don’t think you mean better than seasonal quarter for Q1. I think you mean back half gets stronger that normal seasonality. Is that what you mean?
Romit Shah - Nomura: Right.
Stacy Smith: Yes, and that’s consistent with our view. First and foremost, it comes down to, if you consensus GDP estimates, the consensus today is that there is a pretty significant strengthening in the worldwide economy over the course of the back half of this year. Over that same ten years, the first correlation of our business is GDP growth. And then beyond that, it's the kinds of things that Paul has been talking about. You have Haswell coming into the marketplace, Windows 8 gaining traction, Touch gaining traction, so you have these great devices that are coming in that are convertibles and kind of the best of the PC and the tablet experience and then we become more and more represented across both, the Windows, tablet section of the market and Android over the course of 2013, and the combination of that puts us into a situation where we believe we have more than seasonal second half.
Romit Shah - Nomura: I'm a little confused on how to think about Q2. It seems like seasonality is changing and the 10-year median is down 1%, but I've noticed just off the last couple of years, Q2 has been actually up anywhere from 1% to 5%. How do you guys look at it?
Stacy Smith: We will talk about Q2 in 90 days.
Mark Henninger: Excuse me. We are going to go ahead and take two more questions if you would please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Paul, in 2011, the emerging market was perhaps a better cushion that investors thought for the core PC business. In 2012, it was kind of maybe a bit bigger headwind than people thought coming into the year. I am kind of curious when you look at the 2013 guide, how you are thinking about emerging market? Was 2012 all just about decelerating GDP, or do you think there was some interplay of some white box tablets starting to cannibalize within that region as well?
Paul Otellini: I think, in particular in China, the market dynamics are not much different at least in the Tier 1, 2, 3 cities. It's different than the U.S. so, yes, there is clearly some tablet sales that impacted low-end or first-time buyer PCs in China. I think the bigger issue was in China and in Brazil last year, which are the two largest emerging countries, was their overall economic health. Remember, Brazil started seeing inflation that slowed down PC sales. China, the growth dropped and they had a regime change and we saw people stalling around what the policies would be post regime change and so forth. Now, as we look into 2013, as Stacy said, China is still outgrowing any other large economy in the world and I think will be a driver for PC sales. We've been pleasantly surprised by the data center growth in China. They are deploying fairly large amounts of servers for infrastructure build out and that's helped our overall revenue picture in that country.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Paul. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, Stacy, on the OpEx side, Other IA in the quarter is now annualizing an almost a $2 billion operating loss. As you think about kind of the OpEx, is this now the right run rate for all the new initiatives and how do we think about that Other IA category maybe marching towards a breakeven number as tablets, phones become a bigger part of the revenue stream?
Stacy Smith: Yes. We are not increasing. We're not making incremental investments in 2013. And so, if you look at 2013, we expect employment to be pretty flat, so I think that the answer to your question is, yes, we think we are investing at the right level. We do have an increase in OpEx as we go from 2012 to 2013 and it's just a full year impact of the R&D investments that we talked about in 2012 and that investments are really being driven by Ultrabooks and tablets and phones and our SoC capability as well as our process technology leadership and it's interesting. I think that when you look at our performance in the business, we've got some great products in the market. I think 2013 will be a year, where we're fighting and hopefully winning some big designs. I think you will see many of those designs coming to the market in the tablets spaces we've talked about and the phone space, the volume will grow over time and we expect that the business grows into this investment level over time.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. First question on gross margins. Looks like they are a little bit better. I was wondering if you could share with us, you said your utilization rates would be below, I think, 50% in Q4. I was wondering if you could share with us where they landed and what you expect the trajectory to be in Q1 and maybe even beyond if you can?
Stacy Smith: Sure. Yes. We came in at a gross margin level a little bit better than expect in the fourth quarter and it played out from a utilization standpoint, pretty much as we expected. We brought the loadings out in the factories significantly. It was below 50%. We redirected equipment to intercept some of the leading edge process technology, and we managed to bring inventory levels down on the order of $600 million which was consistent with what we said. As we go into Q1, the forecast for gross margin is roughly flat. What you are seeing there in terms of excess capacity is, we will continue to see an improvement in excess capacity and we are going to start to see the increase in startup costs. The rough order of those two things offset and then there are couple of other puts and takes but it ends up with a slight gross margin. As I think through in the shape for the year, which was the last part of your question, when I get to Q2, I think what happens is we see the further reduction in the excess capacity charges. In fact, they will be pretty much gone in Q2 but Q2 is where we will peak in terms of the startup costs. I think that the startup cost impact is a little bit more than the reduction in the excess capacity. So I expect gross margin in Q2, everything else being equal, to be flat to down. Then we put 60% out for the year. So you should think about the second half expectations of gross margin back into the low-60s. When I think about the drivers of that, it’s the reduction in startup cost because we peak in Q2 and they start to come down. It increases in volume which would be consistent with the seasonal second half. Then our cost comes down over the course of the back half of this year. Those are the three tail winds that I projected getting back up above 60%.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Okay, great, thanks. If I might, I have a question on some of the other. If you reload in the low single-digit revenue growth you have for this year, and we throw in the double digits datacenter, we throw in the single-digit growth in PC client, that means the rest of your business must be falling something like 8% year-over-year for calendar '13 and some of these segments like the other IAA group includes some of your growth areas like you have been talking in tablets and smartphones. Can you share with us your build plan, I mean not your build plan but your plan for the year? Or how you are thinking about some of these other groups over the course of the year?
Stacy Smith: First, I don’t get to the same math and so we will just start there. We talked about both the PCCG group and we talked about the data center group but being back in the low double-digits. When we run through the rest of the businesses, we would expect to start to see some progress in tablets over the course of the year. Phones is going to be, we will be winning designs but it is not going to move the needle from a revenue standpoint. We talked about IMC in terms of the growth returns to that business as LTE ramps which is really in time. We are at the end of this year and in to next year. We expect embedded will see some growth. It's been a nice growth engine for us. We think NAND will grow. I think I hit them all there. I don’t think I missed anything.
Paul Otellini: All right, thank you, Huey and thank you all for joining us today. Huey, please go ahead and wrap up our call.
Operator: Yes, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this dies concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger - Director, Investor Relations Paul Otellini - President & CEO Stacy Smith - SVP, CFO & Director, Corporate Strategy
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Doug Freedman - RBC Capital John Pitzer - Credit Suisse David Wong - Wells Fargo Christopher Danely - JPMorgan CJ Muse - Barclays Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Daniel Berenbaum - MKM Partners Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Glen Yeung - Citi Sumit Dhanda - ISI 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Intel Q3 2012 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mark Henninger. Please go ahead.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Patrick and welcome everyone to Intel’s third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with it. If you’ve not received both documents, they’re currently available on our investor website intc.com. I am joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during the call, we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we’ll post the appropriate reconciliations to our website, intc.com. With that, let me hand it over to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Mark and good afternoon everyone. Our third quarter results came in slightly above our revised guidance as PC related billings improved in September over the July and August levels. We believe that Q3 PC sales grew approximately half of the seasonal norm and reflected flat enterprise sales. The billings upside we saw late in the quarter reflected our customers beginning their system production in advance of the Windows 8 launch later this month. As we look into Q4, we believe that the overall PC business will grow at about half of what we would expect from normal seasonality. Our revenue forecast growth is below these levels as our customers are taking a cautious inventory approach in the face of market uncertainty and the timing of the Windows 8 launch. Our forecast assumes an incremental decrease in inventory at our customers going into year end. Our Data Center business saw the Corporate Server segment softening over the course of the quarter, with the Cloud segment growing 50% over last year and storage revenue growing 27% to a new record. During the last month, I have met with all of our major customers and while the market remains tough, I have been encouraged to see a renewed appetite for innovation across the entire ecosystem. Our customers are designing entirely new categories of PCs that will take advantage of our new microprocessors combined with Microsoft’s new touch enabled Windows 8 operating system to bring dozens of beautiful new tablet, convertible and Ultrabook designs to the market. In the coming months consumers will see tremendous form factor and industrial design innovation. There will be more than 140 Core based Ultrabooks, more than 40 of which will have touch. This will include more than a dozen convertibles that combine the productivity of the laptop with the convenience of a tablet. Many of the Ultrabook SKUs will hit the mainstream $699 price point with some Burst SKUs well below even that number. Q4 will see more than 20 Atom based tablets from six or more leading OEMs using Clover Trail. Clover Trail is a brand new SoC that will enable tablets as thin as 8.5 millimeters and as light as 1.5 pounds. With three weeks of connected standby battery life and all of the compatibility that Windows users and Intel customers have come to expect, I am excited about the these products and the capabilities they bring to consumers and the enterprise. Last month at IDF, we shared details of our next-generation Core processor codenamed Haswell. Originally targeted at 15 watts, we have made significant advancements in micro-architecture and process technology that will allow us to move Haswell down into the 10 watt envelope fostering even more innovation in form factor as well as new usage models like gesture computing and voice recognition. We continue to make progress in handhelds with Motorola’s launch of the RAZR i, the world's only two gigahertz smartphone that delivers better battery life than similar computing devices. In general, I see the computing market in a period of transition, but also a period of breakthrough innovation and creativity. Intel has a history of navigating the industry’s transitions and emerging better and stronger. With the hardware and software roadmap that spans the smallest portable devices to the most powerful datacenter servers and world leading silicon process technology, we are excited about the future and confident in our strategy and prospects in all the markets we serve. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Paul. Third quarter revenue came in at $13.5 billion flat from the second quarter and slightly better than our revised expectations. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range of $13.6 billion, up 1% from the third quarter. This slight increase in revenue in the fourth quarter reflects the caution we are seeing in the order patterns of our customers as a result of concerns about the global environment, ongoing consumer softness in mature markets and a slowing enterprise market segment. As a result of weaker than expected demand environment, we are taking several actions. We significantly cut factory loadings at the end of the quarter and we will maintain low factory utilization rates throughout the fourth quarter. We expect these factory adjustments to help bring down our total inventory levels by approximately $0.5 billion. Additionally, we are redirecting equipment and space to 14-nanomter from older generation technologies. The result of this is a $1.2 billion decrease from our July forecast for capital spending with the midpoint of our capital spending forecast for the year now at $11.3 billion. Moving to gross margin; third quarter gross margin of 63% was slightly better than the midpoint of our revised guidance and flat to the second quarter. We are forecasting the midpoint of our fourth quarter gross margin range to be 57%, down 6 points from the third quarter. Two-thirds of the gross margin decline is a result of that excess capacity charges. In addition, we expect an increase in inventory reserves as we start production on our next-generation micro-architecture product codenamed Haswell which we respect to qualify for sale in the first quarter of 2013. Taking a look at the balance sheet, total cash investments ended the quarter at $10.5 billion, down approximately $3 billion to the second quarter. We generated over $5 billion in cash from operations; paid approximately $1 billion in dividends; repurchased nearly $3 billion in capital assets and had roughly $1 billion of stock repurchases. In addition, we closed our $3 billion strategic equity investment in ASML. As a result of lower than expected sales in the third quarter inventory grew by approximately $400 million. More than all of the increase in inventories came from the Ivy Bridge product ramp with an offset as we reduced inventory levels of older generation products. We are taking aggressive tactical actions to reduce inventory levels and redirect space and equipment 14-nanometer and we are also seeing some important positive trends in the markets. In the client space, we are seeing innovative products coming to the market with Intel Inside, ranging from Ultrabooks, to smartphones to tablets. In the Data Center, we expect to continue to benefit from the dole out of the Cloud and a substantial performance cost and power benefit that our enterprise customers get from our leadership products. Underlying all of this, our manufacturing advantage is extending over the rest of the industry as we start to ramp-up Haswell, our new micro-architecture on 22-nanometer and begin to build-out our 14-nanometer factory network. The combination of the tactical actions we are taking coupled with new products and design wins across all segments and our manufacturing leadership will all benefit our business over the coming quarters. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger:  Alright, thank you Paul and Stacy. We’ll now go ahead and move on to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we’ll ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up if you have one. Patrick please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BB&T [BMO Capital Markets]. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Last I checked, I was from BMO, hi guys. First question is Stacy, just on the startup cost cadence, given that you are moderating the 14-nanometer a little bit. Typically, if I remember correctly, it's a two quarter cadence, how does that play-out this time around?
Stacy Smith: I am not seeing anything that would cause it to be off of historical patterns. So if you look at what’s happened in odd number of years when we started the new process technology, you’ll see a increase in startup costs that hits pretty significantly in Q1, goes up some more in Q2 and then it will start to come down from there. So I am not seeing anything that would cause that to be different from historical patterns.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: And then my follow-up is on the CapEx Stacy, does that change from what you had given us during the 2012 Analyst Day for 2013?
Stacy Smith:  Yeah, we’re not putting out a forecast yet for 2013 CapEx yet; we’re reducing ’12 capital pretty significantly. 2013 will be a function of the unit growth that we see in ’13 and our expectations for ’14. Right now, we want to fight through the Q4 where we don’t have a lot of visibility before we lock in on 2013 number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital: Stacy, you gave a number at the Analyst Day regarding full year 2013 gross margin. Can you give us some idea what range you are looking at now that you are taking the actions you are presently communicating today?
Stacy Smith:  Yeah, we will provide a forecast for 2013 when we get to January, so again similar to the prior question, I think it’s premature to provide a forecast at this point across revenue or gross margin or CapEx for ’13. We need to fight through Q4 first. There is a couple of things that I think you can model for ’13 though that are helpful, we've just talked about the startup costs. We are starting up 14-nanometer, so historically that's worth two to three points of gross margin. In terms of excess capacity charges that we are taking, we are taking a lot in Q4. I think we’ll see that significantly better in Q1 and by then by the time we get to Q2, I don't expect really any excess capacity charges. So yeah, you will see that play out. And just to size those two things in Q1, I think the excess capacity charges and the startup costs are kind of roughly similar orders of magnitude; so those two things should offset. Beyond that, wait till we get to January because there are just many other moving parts for 2013.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital: So as my follow-up, on the revenue side we did see some movement this quarter, probably not completely expected, PC Clients a little bit better than maybe you might have expected when you pre-announced. The Data Center, however, though has seen some ASP movement that caused that revenue to be soft. Can you communicate to us what your outlook is as far as the revenue mix for next quarter and maybe what that might do to our gross margin number?
Stacy Smith:  Yeah, so just to come back to Q3 for a second and then I’ll answer your question on Q4. What we saw specifically in the Client side, it played out roughly as we thought when we did the preannouncement and if you step back from that, what we saw was some growth in consumption. But our customers continuing to manage inventories very lean, and in fact we saw across the worldwide PC supply chain, we actually saw a reduction in overall inventory levels in Q3, and normally in Q3 you would see an increase, so you can kind of get a sense of how lean they are managing things. In the Data Center, what we saw was strong growth in the internet IP datacenters, the Cloud, that was up actually 50% from a year ago. It was offset, but we started to see some weakness on enterprise side and that's where you are seeing the lower ASPs just because of the difference in ASP between those two segments. As we go into Q4, in terms of the overall mix of our business, I’ll direct you to the gross margin recon, there is an issues there with the excess capacity charges. We have some builds on Haswell; really ASP is not impact any gross margin and so you can take from that that we expect it to continue to be kind of similar mix in a roughly benign ASP environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Paul, how do you assess how much of what's going on in the PC market right now; is macro, timing of Windows 8 versus kind of the more structural bearish view that tablets and smartphones are just plain and simple eating into PC TAM. How do you think about those dynamics?
Paul Otellini:  I think it's a bit of each and I would be reticent to quantify it John. Clearly, we saw a softening in the consumer segments. We talked about that when we did the pre-announcement about a month ago and the surprise there was that China which had been very strong in those current week on us on top of continuing weakness in the mature markets of U.S. and Western Europe. However, having said that, we do believe that when the numbers are all in, the PC consumption did grow in Q3 at about half the normal seasonal rate and will also grow in Q4 about half the normal seasonal rate. How much of that happening is macroeconomic versus the timing of the Windows 8 builds and the share of wallet, war for tablets versus PCs is TBD, and we’ll know a lot more about that 90 days from now after the Windows 8 launch, after we see Intel based tablets start shipping, when people start playing with the operating system and have all the touch based Ultrabooks out there. We’ll know a lot more. So we’ll try to quantify that a bit more for you in 90 days, but right now it’s a bit of each.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then guys as my follow-up Stacy, I appreciate the fact that it’s too early to talk about next year CapEx, but underutilization in Q4 is clearly helping you kind of lower this year’s CapEx a bit and back in ‘09 off of about half the CapEx base, I think the underutilization is around the credit crisis saved you about $1.5 billion in capital spending. Is this going to hold where as we go into ‘13, the lack of underutilization will allow you to save on CapEx and if you are twice the base then can we think about $3 billion number in total?
Stacy Smith:  I am not going to get to that level of granularity. You can see that 2012 capital spending is down $1.2 billion from what we thought a quarter ago. Although, we have some indications that we were trending down a little bit and so you know that’s a big chunk and we’ll talk about ‘13 when we get to January.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. You commented on Clover Trail tablet; are you seeing many Ivy Bridge tablet designs in addition to the Microsoft Surface and can you give us some idea of how many tablet makers you are currently working with on Haswell tablets for the future?
Paul Otellini: I can help you on the former, not the latter. On Ivy Bridge, you know, there is, I would say, a handful, five to eight, something like that that I’ve seen off the top of my head. And for Haswell, it's too soon to tell, I mean we have, when you start seeing an Ultrabook with a detachable touch screen, is it a tablet and it's based on Haswell, so the tablet is an Ultrabook or is it a convertible, you know, I don't know; lots of inventive names for these things as we go along. What I can tell you is that the level of innovation there is really unbounded; I haven't seen this in a long time. But, I think in terms of, just little bit near term selling season, there are some Ivy Bridge ones. They tend to be skewed more towards to the enterprise, where our customers believe that their customers, the CIOs of the world want a high performance tablet that is compatible, that is secure and that runs all their enterprise software. So I think that’s where you’ll see those migrate versus I think Clover Trail stuff which was going to be a bit more consumer centric.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Great. And, you said you expect to qualify Haswell in the March quarter, will Haswell be appearing in systems in the March quarter or should we look for that a bit later in the year?
Paul Otellini:  The first half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Danely from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks guys. So Paul can you just give us maybe just your take on what you think is going to take to pull the PC industry out of this slunk? And do you think that with the advent of tablets cannibalizing notebooks that we’re never going to see the growth in PCs we used to; is it going to be something lower than what we have been used to?
Paul Otellini:  Again, since we don’t know how much of the flatness that we’re seeing this year in PCs as a function of which of those variables that we talked about earlier, it’s pretty hard to say that in good economic cycles that we wouldn’t return to normal growth. But, what I get back to as I lookout here, I don’t think and I said this to you guys before, I don’t think that the tablet as we’ve seen it evolve over the last several years is the end state of computing. The innovation is going to start pouring in now that you have widely available SKUs on a widely distributed operating system that will come from multiple vendors that can unleash their creativity. And, what I can’t predict is what form factor is going to win here, but I do think that some of these things that have sort of the best of both worlds, the performance and the capability of a laptop and the form factor and convenience of a tablet, are likely to be the things that are most high volumes earners, but we honestly won't know for 12 months.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks. And a follow-up question for Stacy, just a clarification on the Q1 gross margins Stacy, so you’ve given us what the utilization rates, underutilization cost look like. If we look at typical seasonality for Q1, you guys are probably down like a $1 billion or something like that. So if sales are down $1 billion and depression is up a little bit and startup costs are up, can the margins be flat with current utilization rates and what would inventory look like?
Stacy Smith: You are trying to back me into a forecast, a few lines and I hear that, I would maybe make a couple of comments though to your thesis. One is, based on what we are seeing in the back-half of this year I am less convinced that normal seasonality is a great guide. What we are seeing is that the customers are managing things very cautiously; depending on how sales go, you know I think yeah, multiple different outcomes for Q1 and we will get there in a quarter. In terms of inventory levels, we are too high today, because the unit volume that we expected in September didn't materialized, we were under on what we thought from Q4, that’s one of the reasons we’re bringing that the utilization down; lowering inventory levels down significantly in Q4 back into a healthy range and our intent would be to keep them in that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from CJ Muse from Barclays. Your line is open.
CJ Muse - Barclays: Yeah, thank you for taking my question. I guess just as a follow-up on the inventory side. Can you discuss what you have seen downstream particularly in China and then also as part of the healthy days, my math suggest exiting December at roughly 75 days. Is that kind of the new normal we should think about for you guys in a lower PC growth rate environment or do you think that you need to be some thing lower?
Paul Otellini: Let me try the China one CJ, and Stacy will come to the inventory.
Stacy Smith: And I’ll do the second. Yeah.
Paul Otellini: I was just in China a week and a half ago, so there is a fairly current view. I see the same situation. China as a manufacturing center is reflecting the comments that we had in our commentary which is that the OEMs are being very cautious with their inventory comments at this point in time for all the reasons we've discussed and it’s as lean as we've seen it in normal times without the shortage of let’s say their hard drives of last year. In terms of the channel inventory, there really isn't very much. I went into Tier 3 city, you don’t see things stocked up or sacked up on pallet and stuff. People are generally -- I think most of our customers worldwide spent a lot of Q3 thinning out their Windows 7 inventory, so they wouldn't have an overhang at the launch. And that accounts for a lot of this inventory shipped of our billings versus the consumption that we've been talking about. And now with the launch of Windows 8 coming in a week or so, you'll see a new round of build and hopefully consumption.
Stacy Smith: 
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: And maybe along those lines of the utilization or underutilization, in last year’s Investor Meeting, Andy Bryant had presented and his presentations around the risk of too much capital spending and that Intel had one more fab building that needed what we would do; is this part of that plan; are you mothballing one building?
Stacy Smith:  I would say it’s more down the line of my presentation where I showed you that we're constantly trying to match our capacity that's in place to the demand. We are putting in capacity for bigger second half than we got. We are going to now make adjustments, so that we can move capacity to 14-nanometer and bring our inventory levels down. It doesn’t change the fact that our planning model, we’re always looking to make sure we have the ability in terms of what we call white space to some unallocated factory space as well as some equipment to respond to upsides. The risk of being caught short and the cost of being caught short is much more than the cost of being long, because as you can see when we get a little long, we can take actions and within a six month period, we can get back aligned. If you are sure it can take you two years to get caught back up.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: And with the reuse of equipment, can you give an idea what percentage that is that can be reused from 22-nanometer to 14-nanometer?
Stacy Smith:  It’s not different than our historical pattern. So you could think of it in the range of 80% to 90% of the equipment that we buy and 22-nanometer is usable at the 14-nanometer nodes. And that’s not by accident. It’s one of the things that technologists spend a lot of time to make sure we have these forward reuse paths because it gives us great flexibility to respond to things like we’re seeing today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Daniel Berenbaum - MKM Partners: When you talk about clearing inventory, does pricing come into play in any fashion on the PC, just talk about pricing a little bit on the Data Center side, clearing inventory on either the consumer side or the enterprise side, is that helping? And then follow-up also a little bit on an earlier question, is there anything else that Intel can be doing to spur demand? We’ve already seen sort of Microsoft take matters a bit into their own hands with some of the designs that they are trying to sell; is pricing help you spur demand or is there something else that you can do?
Paul Otellini:  The short answer to your question is no on pricing. We do forward pricing with our customers. It’s priced I think aggressively to move into the mainstream price points in terms of the stuff I talked about. If you look at our PC group numbers quarter-over-quarter, the ASP was about flat year-over-year. It was down a bit, mobile was down a bit. What that reflects was really us going after some incremental share at the bottom of the market, so didn’t really change pricing but it changed the mix, and we thought it was time we could do some of that and we did it opportunistically. That’s more the driver on that side. In terms of demand stimulation, a lot of what we are doing is really to make sure that the feature set of this season’s Ultrabooks are really consistent with where the market is, that’s why we've been so focused on working with our customers and the ecosystem just, for example, bring the touch SKUs in. So six to eight months ago that we did not have line of sight to 40 out of a 140 SKUs of Ultrabooks being touch enabled, it was probably five or 10; we are up to 40 now, and that’s just going to get bigger as we go into 2013. So working with the vendors and the glass manufacturers to bring the cost of touch as an increment down has been one of the key things we think we can do to drive demand.
Daniel Berenbaum - MKM Partners: And related to pricing, you've obviously got a wounded competitor out there now. Are you seeing that competitor get aggressive on pricing, especially in this environment? Your competitor talked about a big inventory write-down in its negative preannouncement; are you seeing lower pricing there and is that in any way impacting you?
Paul Otellini:  I think you would have to ask them their strategy for pricing. As Paul said, we had last quarter and this quarter, we believe, we’ve won some share at the lower end of the market; that's our strategy here. So you’ve got to ask them the question about their pricing strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your line is opened.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Guys, kind of a question stand on the margins. In the context of cyclical history, what we are seeing here isn't too unique from the standpoint of the margins usually decline pretty significantly on the other side of the big CapEx cycles. I think the average margin decline is 700 basis points. The peak is 1,300 basis points. You are down about 1,000 basis points now from the peak gross margins, so pretty normal. Is there anything you see in that context that would cause this margin decline to be worse than some of the more dramatic declines you’ve seen historically?
Stacy Smith: 
 : And then the other thing I would point to that's different is while the decline is significant and we are taking some excess capacity charges, if you compare what we're going through now with 2009, in 2009 we were into the mid to high 40s; now we're in the mid to high 50s and I think that really points to the structural improvements we made in our business in terms of cost and mix and the competitiveness of our products, and so while it may have seem the same to you but actually I think it’s faster and we are still maintaining a higher gross margin.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: So my follow-up question stands specific to the Data Center Group, some of the ARM based server players are arguing that they can now address a significant part of the workload from the Google’s and the Amazon’s and Facebook’s data centers. Is that some competitive dynamic that you're seeing in that area or do you think that ARM still isn't competitive in that realm?
Paul Otellini:  They need to add features sets like 64-bits and ECC and RAS features to be particularly in those environments to be considered, so that maybe a roadmap planning opportunity that they are pushing but the products that are being shipped today certainly don't have those feature sets. You can look at some of the workloads, things like Hadoop, Jim that would be conducive to let me say in a ray of micro servers, and those can easily be run on Atom; we've got our second generation of the Atom micro server chips out now, the first one is on 32-nanometers. Now we’re now sampling the 22-nanometer one and what we’ve decided that we are just going to push Atom as hard as possible in this space and have it be a better offering for our customers than having to switch all their software and worry about all the reliability features.
Operator: Our next question comes from JoAnne Feeney from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research: Yeah, I was hoping you can elaborate a little bit more on what you are seeing and what you saw last quarter and what you expect this quarter in terms of the mix of demand, both across consumer and enterprise geographically and then PC, you know, notebooks, desktops; just some more color if you would on what kind of mix you are seeing out there and where you expect it to go and what you’re relying on to get those inventories clear say by the beginning of 2013?
Paul Otellini: Well, let me start with the last part. The inventory, I thing is straight forward. The work-in-process and finished goods that we’re expecting to come down over this quarter are our Ivy Bridge products which is the mainstream high-end product we have today. And as the market picks up, Windows 8 launches, Ultrabooks pick up and so forth then that just consumes that inventory. And as I said earlier, in my comments and Stacy’s, our OEMs are running very lean right now. So any kind of demand blip would cause us to be able to reduce that even more perhaps. In terms of the mix, there is really not much more to add than we put in our pre-release and in the comments today which is that the U.S. and Western Europe PC markets remained soft in terms of consumers. The change that we have seen and we talked about at the pre-announcement was that the enterprise PC market has gone relatively flat now and I think that’s just a reflection of large corporations making hard decisions on CapEx versus people, and where they want to put their investments and now that seems to have spilled over from the client side of the enterprise also the data center server part of the enterprise. And you know I think we will see how that sorts out over the next quarter or so as CEOs and CIOs make their next round of decisions. In terms of China, the slowdown there was – it’s principally a notebook business and the slowdown there was in consumer notebooks.
Stacy Smith: And I’ll just add in the DCG, we saw strength in the Cloud customers and over the course of the quarter weakening in the large enterprise purchases of server chips. So the mix there was more towards the Cloud.
Paul Otellini: Mix had been strong in the first half.
Stacy Smith: Mix had been strong in the first half, yeah.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research: And then as a follow-up, Stacy could you let us know what happened with units versus ASPs in PCs versus servers last quarter?
Stacy Smith: Yeah, it’s actually in the CFO commentary JoAnne, but in general we saw PC units up 1% versus the prior quarter and datacenter units were also up 1%. This is a quarter-on-quarter compare.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research: Sorry, and the ASPs?
Stacy Smith: The PC ASPs were down 1% and the server ASPs were down 7% based on the mix kind of things that I have been talking about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Wang from Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners: Great, thanks so much. First question, I want to see if we can go back to China and Paul may be kind of recap some of the feedback you are hearing from those meetings you did have, because it seems like the slowdown in China is really impacting global PC demand and weakness out there. So just curious what the latest you are hearing?
Paul Otellini:  Well, what I don’t know is how much of this is and China is in their own macroeconomic cycle slowing down, I mean the GDP forecast for the year have come down for next have come down. There is also a reasonable amount of anxiety around the change in government and that tends to put a little bit of nervousness into the system and what I don’t know is how much of that clarifies after they change, because it’s not so much they don’t know who is coming in. The issue is what are the policies, in terms of stimulus and taxation and so forth. They have been pretty generous the last year or so, a year or two rather, in terms of stimulating domestic consumption and the question is will those polices continue or not.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners: I want to talk quickly about Data Center. The trend that we’re seeing in ASPs right now are down since the last quarter; I am just kind of curious how you see that over the next couple of years, because when we take a lot at your Cloud segment, you’re forecasting pretty robust growth there. You talked about 50% growth last quarter. As that continues to really outstrip growth from your more traditional server customers, what kind of impact does that do to your blended ASPs?
Paul Otellini:  Well, I think the better comparison for us the Data Center is year-on-year, for which the ASP was up a bit, up 1%. The down a bit was really a big shift in the mix between what would be normal enterprise growth and of slowing in the enterprise growth. In general, for storage, for networking and I think for some aspects of the internet data center the mix was actually quite good. Sometimes they – two way machines versus four way machines, but they tend to be fairly high mix and one of the fastest growing elements of the business is high performance computing which buyers buys at the top of the line of our skews. As those product lines get flushed out more and more, I really don't see the mix shifting away from where it’s been in the first half of this year; I see the current mix being a bit of an anomaly as a result of the softness of corporate datacenter server purchases.
Mark Henninger:  Thanks Patrick and operator we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citi. Your line is open.
Glen Yeung - Citi: Stacy, maybe the first question for you. As you sort of think about your capacity for 2013 and you are obviously taking action now, what kind of PC environment are you notionally targeting and maybe just in up or down is sufficient unless you want to be more specific?
Stacy Smith: Yeah, I am going to be less specific. If you wanted the other, yeah either up or down; hold off on triangulating on a capital forecast or on a unit growth until we get to next quarter. The CapEx number as I said is going to be really be dependent on where we think unit growth is in ‘13 and ‘14 and right now we’re fighting through Q4. There is a lack of visibility on the current quarter; I want to have the 90 days to really think about what we want to put in place.
Glen Yeung - Citi: And then Paul maybe next question for you. Notionally, we won’t expect to see when we have an operating transition like we're seeing a spark to PC demand and yet we don't seem to be seeing that and I wonder if you could just give us your thoughts as to why you think this time that’s not happening?
Paul Otellini: Yeah, I don’t think, we know it’s not happening yet. I am very excited about this new operating system. As I said earlier, it brings touch into the mainstream for the first time and we know that in the last couple of years the tablets have changed the paradigm for people to use computers, they like touch, they like to make the photos get larger with their fingers and everything else is good about that. And so I think we haven't had a chance to really judge how the consumers will embrace this in the mainstream PC space or not. I am very optimistic as we've been playing with these things and we see the products being built and we take them out for testing to consumer and we've now on test on Windows 8, touch enabled Ultrabooks in number of the major cities around the world, across multiple demographics. The feedback is universally positive. So I think we’re just too soon to tell. The designs aren’t even launched yet and we'll know a lot more about this 90 days from now. 
Mark Henninger: Patrick, please go ahead and introduce our last questioner.
Operator: Our last question comes from Sumit Dhanda from ISI. Your line is open.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI: Yes hi, two questions. First question for you either Paul or Stacy, you know you noted that inventories are lean and you expect half the normal seasonal growth in PCs, but you're dialing down that number. If the set up is lean from an inventory perspective, why are customers choosing to take down inventories even further or is that just a cushion you are building into your forecast for the fourth quarter?
Stacy Smith:  I think it's just caution. We're seeing a very cautious environment there. But I think it's a combination of what they are seeing from macro standpoint and a slowing enterprise and operating system transition and weak consumer mature market segment, I think all of that is just leading people to be cautious. Ultimately, I think leaner inventory levels are healthy, but that's what we're seeing right now.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI: My second question was actually a follow-up on the server ASP stuff that was talked about earlier on the call. I guess my question was I think you talked about the fact that you have twice as many SKUs with Romley with a sort of $1,000 mark from a processor pricing perspective. Has the uptake on the higher SKUs stalled and I guess sort of in line with this question, I was a little confused by why the Cloud mix would be so much poorer versus the enterprise mix, because I would have assumed that the uptake in Cloud would be a richer mix and that would actually help your ASPs relatively (inaudible)?
Paul Otellini:  A lot of the cloud is two way versus enterprise at four way. That will add 50,000 (inaudible) that’s the simple answer.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI: Okay. And then the uptake for Romley of sort of above the…
Paul Otellini:  Romley has been quite good. All right, thanks everyone for joining us today. Patrick, please go ahead and wrap up the call for us.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s program. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger – Director, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini – President and Chief Executive Officer Stacy J. Smith – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Corporate Strategy
Analysts: Glen Yeung – Citigroup Inc. Sumit Dhanda – ISI Group, Inc. Daniel Berenbaum – MKM Partners LLC Christopher B. Danely – JP Morgan Chase & Co. Romit Shah – Nomura Equity Research John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Vijay Rakesh – Sterne, Agee & Leach Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James James Covello – Goldman Sachs Craig Ellis – Caris & Company
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Hope, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Intel Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, Mr. Mark Henninger, Director of Investor Relations; you may begin your conference.
Mark Henninger: Thank you, Hope, and welcome everyone to Intel’s Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you’ve not received both documents, they’re currently available on our investor website, intc.com. I’m joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we’ll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we’ll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. So with that, let me hand it over to Paul.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. Against a backdrop of mixed macro economic trends, our business in the second quarter played out largely as we expected. We continue to enjoy a rich mix of products in both the PC and data center group, and our distributor channel had its best Q2 in five years. Our Technology and Manufacturing Group once again delivered fantastic results. Our 22-nanometer process health is ahead of where a 32-nanometers was at the same point in its ramp, and ahead of our own plans. That enabled us to ramp Ivy Bridge to nearly a quarter of our PC volume, our fastest ramp ever. We also announced an important agreement at the ASML last week that we expect, we’ll accelerate the developments and deployment of 450 millimeter and EUV Lithography technologies by up to two years, and deliver significant value to our shareholders. Ultrabooks continued to build momentum, and achieved our volume goals for the first half. We are very pleased with the level of innovation and invention being brought into this category, and are now tracking over 140 Ivy Bridge base designed in the pipeline. Of those, more than 40 will be touch enabled and a dozen will be convertibles. With visibility into this many designs, we are very confident that we’ll see $699 systems at retail this fall. We are also tracking more than 20 Windows 8 Tablet designs based on our low power and low cost Clover Trail Atom SoC in addition to a number of core based tablets. In our data center business, volume growth combined with a rich mix drove record server revenues. In fact, the mix up to our highest performing [Walnut] products was more than two times that of the prior-generation Westmere at the same point in this ramp. DCG grew 15% over the second quarter last year with cloud volume growing at more than twice the rate of the rest of the server market segment. Those figures put the data center on track to the growth targets that we shared with you in May. High-performance computing continues to be one of the fastest growing segments within our data center business. And earlier this quarter, we announced more technical details behind our new Many Integrated Core Co-Processor throughout later this year. Branded Xeon Phi, this new product family will combine the throughput of highly parallel computing with the familiar programming models of the Intel architecture. Phi will be an impressive product for the HPC market segment with more than 50 cores manufactured on our 22-nanometer Tri-Gate process technology. We already have more than 40 customers bind up to support the architecture. In the smartphone space, we saw the launch of Medfield-based phones from Lenovo, Lava and Orange to great reviews. These launches further established Intel in the market building on the wide presence we have in baseband. Overall, our business in the first half was consistent with our expectations. As we look ahead at to the second half of the year, consumer market growth in Western Europe and North America is not forecasted to recover as fast as we had anticipated. Worldwide enterprise demand is growing as expected. Emerging markets, especially China and Brazil are still growing nicely, but are moderating due to GDP adjustments and currency fluctuations. Taken together, these factors have led us to adjust our expectations for the second half. We are now expecting full-year revenue growth in the 3% to 5% range versus our prior expectation of high single digits. Our results in the second quarter demonstrates, that having a deep and long established presence in every geography, combined with leading technology, manufacturing and products are important in any environment, but they’re especially valuable in the mixed market we are now experiencing. With the wide range of Ultrabooks and Intel-based tablets expected to be available this year, and an exciting Windows 8 launch just around the corner, we remain optimistic about our future. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. The second quarter results came in largely as expected. Second quarter revenue came in at $13.5 billion, up 4% year-on-year. Enterprise in emerging markets contributed to the year-on-year growth somewhat offset by continued weakness in mature markets. The core business came in as expected though we saw softness in our NAND memory business. At the segment level, the PC Group grew 4% from a year-ago and the Data Center Group grew 15%. Inventory levels across the worldwide PC supply chain are healthy, but are being managed below historical averages based on macroeconomic uncertainty and ahead of the Windows 8 operating system release. For the third quarter of 2012, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range of $14.3 billion, up 6% from the second quarter, which is at the lower end of the historical range. Moving to gross margin, second quarter gross margin of 63% was slightly better than the midpoint of our guidance and down slightly from the first quarter. Our forecast for 2012 is unchanged at 64% gross margin for the year and our gross margin forecast for the third quarter is 63%. As expected, the fast ramp of Ivy Bridge resulted in a cost increase in the second quarter. We expect that the second quarter was the peak in terms of platform unit costs with cost coming down in the third quarter and more in the fourth quarter. For the second quarter, spending was in line with expectations with $4.6 billion. Based on the macroeconomic environment, we have taken actions to slow hiring and as a result, by lowering our spending forecast for the year to $18.2 billion. We expect spending in the third and fourth quarters to be flat to the second quarter. Taking a look at the balance sheet, total cash investments ended the quarter at $13.6 billion approximately flat to the first quarter. We generated approximately $5 billion in cash from operations, paid approximately $1 billion in dividends, purchased nearly $3 billion in capital assets, and had roughly $1 billion of stock repurchases. Inventory grew by approximately $400 million. More than all of the increase in inventories came from the Ivy Bridge ramp, but then offset as we reduced inventory levels of older generation products. While macroeconomic weakness and our expectations that our customers will continue to maintain lower inventory levels has lead us to reduce our expectations to 3% to 5% revenue growth for the year. We continue to make great progress in the market. Both Romley and Ivy Bridge ramps are significantly faster than their predecessors. We are winning significant designs in Ultrabooks, phones and tablets. And our manufacturing lead continues to generate leading products and low costs. With that let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger: All right, thank you Paul and Stacy. We’ll now move on to the Q&A and as is our normal practice; we ask each participant to ask one question and a follow-up if you have one. Hope, would you please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung, Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citigroup Inc.:  Thanks very much. I think my first question is about the distributors, I think Paul you said that they had their best future in the five years. Anyone if you could just explains the reasons why that’s the case?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, over the – that’s Q2 in five years. Over the last several years, our distribution channel role has shifted and evolved quite a bit. If you take a snap shot five years ago, most of the business was then distributing desktop microprocessors, and mother boards, and then went into white box builds. And as the PC market shifted from desktops to notebooks they became less of a driver of the PC volume. They picked up skill sets to do systems integration and they’re now among our larger server channels. So the distribution channel has sort of reinvented itself and is now a fairly significant force in not just the desktops, in emerging markets or pre-assembled notebooks, but increasingly for servers and storage systems.
Glen Yeung – Citigroup Inc.:  Got it. All right, thanks. And as a follow up, maybe for Stacy, looking at the gross margin guidance and looking at your reconciliation in the printed commentary, it sounded like the only negative impact to gross margins in Q3 would be these other cost of sales, and I wonder if you could just explain what’s going on in there?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. What’s going on with other cost of sales in Q3 as we are finding some opportunities to take some 32-nanometer capacity offline. They’re relatively small today, but it’s just a result of the lower demand expectations on the year. And so we are taking some of those factories off and so you will see a little bit of demolition costs and some of those things that flows through other cost of sales. And, yeah, it’s not huge, it’s between half a point and a point, but it’s a bit of an offset in gross margin in the third quarter.
Glen Yeung – Citigroup Inc.: It is temporary or does it happen once and then it doesn’t recur?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, absolutely. Again, if you’ve seen us do this before Glen, when we have demand coming in less than expected and I actually talked about it in the investor meeting, we look for opportunities to take the older generation capacity offline and because we can reuse that equipment at the leading edge, we just take advantage of those opportunities.
Glen Yeung – Citigroup Inc.: That’s perfect. Thanks Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda, ISI Group.
Sumit Dhanda – ISI Group, Inc.: Yes. Hi, guys. First question, Stacy, could you just tell us in terms of your expectations in the channel refill that you talked about on the previous call, are you shipping back to demand levels, the 3% rise in PC Client units reflect that or was that below your expectations? And how exactly you’re thinking about that into the third quarter?
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah. So generally in the second quarter, the core business came in as we expected when we started the quarter, that being slightly below the midpoint was really entirely due to NAND, which I can talk about separately later in the call. In terms of what our expectations are for the inventory pipeline, I think we saw more than in Q2 than we expected. And as we look into the back half of the year, our current expectations that some of you are hearing from customers is, based on macroeconomic uncertainty and the timing of the Windows 8 launch, they’re going to continue to manage inventory levels lean, and that’s a change from where we were a quarter ago in those points, so they’re below seasonal guide for the third quarter.
Sumit Dhanda – ISI Group:  Okay. and then as my follow-up, just a question on the – what seems to be a pretty significant dichotomy between notebook volumes and desktop volumes sequentially, especially, given that you said kind of price was decent. so I would have thought desktops might do a little better, but curious to hear what your explanation on that is if any?
Paul S. Otellini: It’s not new. We’ve been seeing robust notebook growth rates now for several years, well in excess of what’s happening in desktop. I’d say notebooks really is a volume story and then in desktops, I think that they’ve done a really good job of driving segmentation. And so, again, even with lower unit growth, they’ve been driving some nice revenue growth but a lot of that is segmentation and ASP uplift.
Sumit Dhanda – ISI Group: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum, MKM Partners.
Daniel Berenbaum – MKM Partners LLC: Thank you. Maybe actually just a follow-up on that, when you talk about segmentation and the ASP uplift that also leads it to the competitive scenario question, obviously, you’re doing a lot better than your primary competitor just based on their recent news. can you talk a little bit about why you think that is with the PC space, you mentioned a little bit that emerging markets are still growing well, do you think it’s competition at the emerging markets or is it more really with the data center, can you help us understand that?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, if I understand their pre-announcements, well, we did a little bit better than them. We thought this quarter was probably in the low-end desktop and notebook business. So we probably took back a little share at the bottom of the PC SKUs, I think our position in the servers is really unchanged and is really quite good.
Daniel Berenbaum – MKM Partners LLC:  Okay. And then going back to the inventory question, you talked about the inventory and the channel being a bit low, but your own inventory is quite high. Understand that a lot of this is coming from the ramp of new products, but what gives you the confidence in guiding to relatively high gross margins for the rest of the year, for the full year, are you – what are the puts and takes there and what should we be concerned about or what are you concerned about potentially with that inventory build?
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah. So, let me take those as two separate things. The inventory build is directionally what we expected. I think the one thing that we are able to fill Ivy Bridge a little faster than we thought and Ivy Bridge, it accounts for all of the inventory growth, its both the units and dollars this quarter. And when I look across CPU inventory level, Ivy Bridge is not more than half of the inventory that just sitting in there. As I think about the next quarter, I think it will be pretty flat and we’ll see business level start to grow, and the days of inventory will start coming down from here would be my expectation. With the gross margin story for us really is a cost story and I talked about this last quarter. We have this phenomenon and we’ll ramp in multiple factories at the same time on 22-nanometer. Those early products coming out of the factories are pretty expensive products that led to a peaking cost in Q2. As we move into Q3, we now have the phenomenon where cost comes down rapidly on Ivy Bridge, but as Paul talked to you about, it’s about a quarter of our volume in Q2. We are going to more or less double that volume in Q3, and so yeah, this phenomenon where cost come down, but the volume doubles, I’ll see some cost good news in Q3, it’s between half a point to a point, and then I get more cost good news in Q4, as that ramp starts to flatten out a bit. And so, really the thing I mentioned on gross margin is, are we on the path of cost reduction of Ivy Bridge, and on the ramp rate, we’re doing great on the cost, with ramp rates little ahead of forecast, that gives me the confidence, that we’ll see a gross margin in Q4, that’s kind of around 65% and that gets me to 64% for the year.
Daniel Berenbaum – MKM Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely, JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Thanks guys. First question for Paul. Paul, can you just talk about maybe put a little more color around the macro slowdown you are seeing, when it happened, was it just a sudden jump down, has it been a slow erosion, but maybe going to the geos a little bit, which has been more impacted or less impacted?
Paul S. Otellini: Sure. Well, first of all, let me color it by saying that we still see growth in all of these geographies, and we’re forecasting a stronger second half and first half, and gave the year-over-year numbers. What we had expected, that we would see by now is that the U.S. and Western Europe consumer businesses will be recovering from sort of a softness that we’ve seen for several quarters. And as a result of not seeing that, two things are happening: one, we don’t see the PC sales to be as robust as we first thought, but the inventory replenishment coming off of the hard drive shortage is not as deep as we thought or as large as we thought, because people are expecting to sell into a smaller overall TAM growth. In terms of China and Brazil, which I singled out, but I could have also spoken a little bit about maybe Russia and India. In some of the countries we’re seeing the prices of computers go up as a result of the currency fluctuations against the dollar. Most PC components including ours are sold globally in dollars, and the PCs are typically priced in dollars. So – at least to the distributors in those countries, so the price goes up as the currency changes. In China, it is a little bit different. And what we’re seeing there is an abatement of the GDP growth and sort of 8.8% in the quarter down to 7.7% in the quarter. And while we still see growth there, we don't see quite as much as we first thought. So we add all those together plus the fact that the enterprise is doing pretty good, you come down to a more muted growth scenario than we first thought.
Christopher Danely – JPMorgan:  Thanks. And as my follow-up, it sounds like you’re guiding Q4 to be somewhat back to normal. Is that because you expect Win 8 to drive PC demand or some inventory replenishment or well your tablet and handset efforts start to be material, can you just go into detail on that?
Stacy J. Smith: I think if you take – Chris, if you take the midpoint of our revenue guidance for the year, you’ll come out to Q4 that’s kind of seasonal on the back of the low seasonal Q3. So I'd say, it's a continuation of the trends that we’ve seen. Specifically, to your question, no, it's not predicated on doing more sales in either tablets or in smartphones, but don’t take from that, those aren’t important segments. We think we are on a path to have a lot of products in the market, we’re wining design wins, which really is the momentum that builds into 2013.
Christopher Danely – JPMorgan: So then why Q4 back to normal then?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, we would, we expect that we’re going to leave Q3 with relatively lower inventory levels. You have refresh with Windows, and we have seen over 20 years of history, a pattern in the back half sales tend to larger than front half sales. And so I think it’s a reasonable baseline forecast for us.
Christopher Danely – JPMorgan: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy, Stifel Nicolaus.
Operator: Kevin?
Paul S. Otellini: I think we may have lost Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah, Nomura.
Romit Shah – Nomura Equity Research: Thanks. There have been reports over the last month or so that Intel has been cutting prices on Ivy Bridge, I was hoping you could just comment on that. Is it true? What’s behind it?
Paul S. Otellini: No. Our pricing strategy is unchanged and Ivy Bridge is coming in at the top of the scale. What those reports may – I haven’t seen the reports, Romit, but they may be just pointing to the fact that, we’re filling in more price points with Ivy Bridge, but we have not reduced our price points.
Stacy J. Smith:  As Paul said, by the way, the place where we probably won some share and where we are seeing kind of robust pricing as more at the very lower end of PC market is not where Ivy Bridge is pointing.
Romit Shah – Nomura Equity Research: Okay. That’s helpful. And then Stacy, in your gross margin guidance for Q3, you highlight lower platform ASPs, could you give us some color there?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah. And we realized that we’re talking kind of half a point to a point, relatively small changes. But in the third quarter, there’s a couple of things that has caused me for that forecast though. First, Q3 tends to be a larger consumer quarter, where you see a little bit of a mix impact associated with that, again, not changing our price point is just a mix of what we think sells through in the third quarter. And then the second thing is, well, I was just talking about, we think we’re probably gaining some share at the low-end of the market, we’d expect that to continue into the third quarter, but fairly muted impact. So all of this is in the context of what I articulated at the beginning of the year of a pretty benign pricing environment, I hadn’t seen anything that causes me to change that view.
Romit Shah – Nomura Equity Research:  All right. Thank you.
Stacy J. Smith:  Welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations. Stacy, you guys are kind of controlling OpEx relative to the slightly weaker than expected demand environment. You’ve also talked about kind of doing what you did back in the financial crisis as moving some spare capacity forward. But you haven’t changed the overall CapEx number for the year. Is that because this is predominantly brick and mortar, and does that give you more flexibility on next year’s CapEx, if you can just help me understand that dynamic?
Stacy J. Smith:  Well, what we’re spending CapEx on this year is really kind of building that 22-nanometer ramp, but it’s not key 22-nanometer, and that capital is appropriate to invest really in any economic climate. So the change in the demand environment hasn’t changed our view of at least to the 22-nanometer capital we’re putting in place today. That said, as I said earlier, we are seeing some opportunities to take some older generation capacity offline and roll forward. My guess is, as we work through those we’ll end up at the lower end of the range on CapEx. We’re just – we’re looking through those opportunities as we speak, and I think we’ll come down a bit from here.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then Paul, relative to the Win 8 launch, Microsoft did now come out and decided they want to be a tablet company with the Surface products, and it sounds like their intent is not to use that as a Reference Design for other OEMs to follow, but actually try to make a real business out of that. What kind of impact do you think that might have on the traditional PC business, if any?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I think you again have to ask our customers that question. From our perspective, I guess we’re certainly happy to have them as another hardware customer. We haven’t sold chips to them for quite some time since the Xbox days. But in terms of the ecosystem, I don’t know that, we know their plans deeply enough in terms of this, flagships skew or they tend to have broader designs on the market, I don’t know, until. I think that question has to go to them and to our customers.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Perfect, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. First, your PC client ASPs are staying within the benign range that I think you have mentioned multiple times. I’m curious, is there some scope of benefit from becoming a little more aggressive on pricing to stimulate demand or is this a very price inelastic market? Then where I’m going with that is on the Ultrabook side, but it has to be somewhat more aggressive because you do have cost leadership and flexibility?
Paul S. Otellini: I don’t think so. I think that the value associated with the Ultrabooks, they start with the core product line, the Core i3, 5 and 7s is still pretty good, and I commented in my statement that I think that we’re quite sure that the prices are going to be $699 and in the sweet spot. If there was that kind of elasticity, which we have not seen then I would expect some of the thin and light designs around the Pentium and Celeron chips that we sell, we’d pick up some of that volume and we don’t see that today. What we are seeing is that in the time of tight consumer budgets people buy quality and they tend to buy the high-end of the line or reasonably high-end of our product lines. So it’s not going to last, if you want something to last a few years that that tends to give them a bit more of assurance. And I’d also say the other thing that I haven’t come up yet is, the Win 7 to Win 8 transition. And as we have done in the past in terms of working with Microsoft, the units that are shipped now in the marketplace are Win 8 ready. And they have programs, incentive programs to be able to buy the upgrade with the coupon at a discount.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks, Paul. And for my follow-up, I think you had mentioned consumer weakness in the mature markets mostly due to macro, but I’m wondering what role are tablets playing in that and how soon can we look to Clover Trail based tablets to somehow help reserve back the trend? Thank you.
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah. Well, certainly over the last couple of years as tablet volumes have ramped up, they do present and have presented an alternative for consumer share of wallet, particularly at the time when consumer share of wallet is tighter than it has been in the past. And our thesis really hasn’t changed here, which is that that these are incremental machines for the most part, people still have primary computers in the likes most people do, much like they did that we saw when the netbooks ramped up several years ago. As Intel based tablets are shipping both on Windows 8 and Android, we expect to be able to participate in that fast growing market, but I don’t think those numbers are going to be material this year. I think that just because of the start on, the timing of the start is going to be a slower ramp, and Stacy really addressed it earlier in his comment on phones and tablets.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. I’m just wondering why [video amp] camp has been so much more aggressive after that Windows 8 tablet market and why Microsoft did not launch a Clover Trail based or did not announce a Clover Trail based tablet? It’s just a difference of timing or…?
Paul S. Otellini :  I think you need to – they talked about core-based machines more like an Ultrabook, those convertible kind of machine, which I think is actually a pretty good machine. And, so no compromise device. So my term is when I go shopping that’s the device, I’d buy.
Stacy J. Smith: And you will see Clover Trail tablets time to market where…
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah, at launch.
Stacy J. Smith:  At launch. So I think it’s just a choice that Microsoft made in terms of their read to the market at a higher performance, more like an Ultrabook device is what they wanted to lead with.
Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh, Sterne, Agee.
Vijay Rakesh – Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Guys, thanks. I was just wondering when you look at the inventory side, obviously came up and you mentioned this Ivy Bridge. How much of it was (inaudible)?
Stacy J. Smith:  I think you mean units or costs right?
Vijay Rakesh – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yeah. How much of it was, if you could break it out, the pick up between unit versus pricing?
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah, I think last quarter I said that unit growth was relatively muted and that was really cost. This quarter where its units primarily I mean and cost is secondary. So about to get that level of granularity, but you should kind of visualize it as we are – our inventories we are reducing units on older generation products and we are refilling our inventory pipeline with Ivy Bridges. It’s primarily units of Ivy Bridge and then those units are a little bit more expensive still than the Sandy Bridge parts that they’re replacing.
Vijay Rakesh – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it. And one last question is on the Ultrabook side and you mentioned you expect pricing to go to 699. What are the dollars you see there, because of SSD pricing, NAND pricing has gone starting to extrapolate that to red zone?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, NAND pricing is not been stable, coming to some of the reasons we didn’t hit the midpoint this quarter, it was the reason. And what we're seeing those is, there’s a variety of SKUs that our customers are designing, I talked about over 140 designs, some of them are aiming at a premium segment and higher prices using SSDs. Some of them are using these ultra low-profile very high capacity drives, which are now becoming available, which gives you the capacity and the thinness at the same time, which I think it’s a nice way to hit lower price points.
Vijay Rakesh – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann, Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James: Paul, couple of questions on Windows 8. How much of the guide in Q3 is due to this potential air pocket in front of Windows 8, and how do you see Windows 8 next year in terms of traditional, historical operating system cycles? Thanks.
Paul S. Otellini: I don't know how much of the – was – for the air pocket is Windows 8 versus the macro economics, in fact it’s very hard for us to distinguish that today. Given that if we have not seen stalls before, because we’re shipping chips in to our customers in advance of the operating system being loaded. But having said that, since the last Windows release, we've moved to more of a hub model with our chips, so that means people can draw these bit more just in time. So that maybe some of the air pocket that we’re seeing, to use your phrase in Q3, but I think that gets filled up pretty quickly in Q4, and it’s – as I said earlier, a lot of people buy the Win 7 machines with the coupon and then upgrade?
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James: Okay. And then, for next year?
Paul S. Otellini:  To some extent – my sense is that you’ll see a very rapid adoption in consumer as you’ve seen before, and an enterprise will convert, you’d typically be starting with the first equivalent with the service pack release hereafter their fall cycles were done, so it tends to like initial deployment, tends to like six months or so.
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James: Great, thank you.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks Hans. And Hope, I think we have time for two more callers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello, Goldman Sachs.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much for taking the question, I appreciate it. Somewhat related to John Pitzer's question, Stacy, you have presented some slides at the Analyst Meeting, that I think you said kind of hold on tax, what if our view on unit growth changes, and then you presented a very helpful responsiveness case study. Is what you described to John relative to ramping down some older products and fabs and putting newer products in that and being at the low end of CapEx, is that the responsiveness case study or would that be another step altogether?
Stacy J. Smith:
 :
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: And so I guess as my follow-up, I mean what do you think about factory loadings or utilization as you go through the third quarter as your outlook for the year changes and some of capacity from the previously spent CapEx kind of ramps up, you think the factory loadings will remain at high level utilization stays at the same level or do you begin to bring that down some?
Stacy J. Smith: At 22-nanometer, so the process what we’re doing, Ivy Bridge, that will stay full. We see the demand signals continue to be strong and we’re going through the inventory replenishment to get the production stuff in the inventory. We have seen loadings come down some in 32-nanometer, not to the point that we’re taking underload charges, but to the point that we can start to take a little bit of that capacity offline. And as I said to John’s question, if I have the brands to predict, I think we’ll find more of those opportunities over the course of the back half of this year.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Stacy J. Smith: You’re welcome.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Craig Ellis, Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: Thanks for taking the question. Paul, just back on Ultrabook topic, as you look to end of the back half of the year, how do you see the Ultrabook mix shaking out as a percent of notebooks, I think in the past, you’ve referenced a 40% of consumer notebooks by the end of this year. is that still a reasonable number or how are you looking at that?
Paul S. Otellini: Yes, it is. We really haven’t changed our view on that. a couple of things give us confidence there. One is, first half shipments on Ultrabooks were essentially right on our expectation set over six months ago. And the design pipeline for what we see in the second half, and the price points that we see, we think will get as there. In a softer selling season, I think these machines become even more attractive. And so, I'm fairly confident, we’ll hit our volume goals of this in terms of percent mix for the consumer notebooks.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: (Inaudible) and then switching gears, Stacy you have mentioned in earlier commentary, you’ve come back to the NAND business, I don't think, I heard you do that, so I'd just not give you an opportunity to make any comment that you might have?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, I was assuming someone is going to ask me the question. Yeah, we saw NAND soften in Q2, we saw on our commentary and as Paul alluded too, I don't think its just as, I think you're seeing that from other company, it led to us being a little lower in revenue, I think that continues as part of the lowering of expectations into the back half, you know there is a chunk of that, that’s NAND related. I want to contrast it, it's really different compared to the last downturn we went to, which I think it was about four years ago, you can really see the impact of the strategy that we've been pursuing in that business. The fact that we now have process technology leadership, and we've transitioned all of our shipments to higher margin segments of the NAND market, like SSDs and compute NAND. So that even though while it’s impacting us at the top line, it’s a business that still is generating positive profit, and its still generating positive cash flow. As a fairly new CFO, the last big downturn hit NAND and it was quite different, because we didn't have that cost leadership. And we were shipping into the commodity segments of the business. So, I think it's a real testament to what they have accomplished in the business, but it's definitely soft.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: And nice going with that business. And thanks very much for answering the questions guys.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks.
Mark Henninger:  All right. Thank you all for joining us today. Hope please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Henninger -  Paul S. Otellini - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Auguste Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Quarter 1 2012 Intel Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Misty, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Mark Henninger, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Mark Henninger : Thank you, Misty, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they're currently available on our investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. A brief reminder that we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day at our headquarters in Santa Clara on Thursday, May 10, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliation to our website, intc.com. So with that, let me hand it over to Paul.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter played out much as we expected, with ongoing strong demand in emerging markets and in the enterprise being offset by continuing softness in the mature market consumer segments. PC consumption in the BRIC countries experienced solid double-digit growth over the first quarter of the year -- of last year. In addition, we see continued momentum in IP Data Center solutions, from servers to networking to storage, across both mature and emerging markets. Our commitment to long-term research and development is paying off. We are beginning a year of major product and technology transitions that will have a very positive impact on our company and the industry. I'd like to highlight a few examples. We are ramping our 22-nanometer manufacturing process into high volume. This revolutionary technology uses our third-generation, high-k metal gate and the industry's first 3D Tri-Gate Transistors. The move to Tri-Gate Transistors delivers roughly twice the improvement in transistor performance over conventional planar scaling when applied to low-power applications like smartphones and Ultrabooks. We combine our process technology, manufacturing and design to produce a highly leveraged business model that is becoming increasingly rare in our industry. That model allows us to do things others can't, like advancing our Atom roadmap at twice the rate of Moore's Law through 2014. We're doing this at a time when the rest of the industry is struggling to ramp older technologies that lag our prior-generation, 32-nanometer process. Our research on 3D transistors began over 10 years ago, and advancements like this don't come easily. In fact, they're getting harder and harder to achieve, and our lead over the rest of the industry continues to grow, giving us product advantages in power, performance and cost. Ultrabooks are reinventing computing with new form factors, high performance, better battery life, advanced security and other exciting new features. With more than 21 designs already shipping and more than 100 designs in the pipeline for 2012, we're very pleased with our progress. And yet, this is just the beginning. Earlier this month, we launched our largest advertising campaign in a decade. And over the next few months, we expect Ultrabooks to reach mainstream price points. By the holiday season, we expect the touch interfaces and innovative new hybrid designs will combine the convenience of a tablet with the performance and productivity of a notebook for truly no-compromise devices and experiences. Global trends in data centers also continue to look favorable. We expect that by 2015, IP traffic will triple and data storage needs will grow by about 50%. This isn't just a mature market phenomenon. Data centers in China have grown at 8x the worldwide average over the last 5 years, making it the second-largest server market in the world. The Xeon E5 processor, code-named Romley, was engineered with exactly these trends in mind, improving performance up to 80% and performance per watt more than 50% over the prior generation. One month after launch, Romley has shipped nearly twice the volume of Nehalem at the same point in its ramp. At IDF Beijing last week, we also provided details about our upcoming Atom-based microserver System on Chip, code-named Centerton. Centerton will launch in the second half of the year with 2 cores, 64-bit capability, ECC and virtualization technology, all in a 6-watt power envelope delivering outstanding performance and power efficiency with unmatched software compatibility. This quarter, we made significant progress in smartphones as well. Following our announcements with Lenovo and Motorola at CES, we followed on at Mobile World Congress with announced designs with Orange, ZTE and Lava, as well as a strategic partnership with Visa for mobile payments. And finally, McAfee posted its best first quarter bookings in the company's history. McAfee's Deep Defender security product, the first fruit of McAfee and Intel's collaboration, also successfully blocked the day-0 Cridex worm attack, missed by many other antivirus systems, demonstrating the value of our hardware plus software security strategy. Looking ahead, our expectations for 2012 remain unchanged, and Q2 will bring several exciting announcements. We've already begun high-volume shipment of Ivy Bridge products, and you will soon see system availability. Ivy Bridge will be our fastest ramping product ever, comprising nearly 1/4 of our microprocessor volume in Q2 alone and crossing over 50% of our microprocessor shipments this fall. And we expect to see another important milestone for our business later this week with the launch of the world's first Intel architecture-based smartphone. Q1 was a solid quarter, and it provides a great step up -- setup for the year of important transitions built on a foundation of growing process technology leadership and the performance, compatibility and power efficiency of Intel architecture. With that, let me turn the meeting over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. The first quarter results came in slightly better than our expectations. From a revenue standpoint, the first quarter came in at $12.9 billion, slightly better than expected. Similar to the fourth quarter, our business was negatively impacted by hard disk drive shortages and the resulting additional reduction of inventories across the supply chain. Despite this discontinued reduction in inventory levels, it is our belief that the shortage did not impact actual sales of personal computers in the first quarter, with demand trends playing out as expected. Our expectation of high single-digit revenue growth for 2012 is unchanged. For the second quarter of 2012, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $13.6 billion, up 5% from the first quarter and a return to year-on-year growth. This is better than the average seasonal decline of down 1%, as we see the beginning of the refilling of the PC supply chain as hard disk drive shipments recover. Moving to gross margin. First quarter gross margin of 64% was slightly better than the midpoint of our guidance and down slightly from the fourth quarter. Our forecast for 2012 was unchanged at 64% gross margin for the year, and our gross margin forecast for the second quarter is 62%. As we move into the second quarter, we will be ramping up our Ivy Bridge production in 3 new 22-nanometer factories, resulting in an increase in unit costs. As we progress through the year, we expect unit costs to come quickly down the cost curve, resulting in second-half gross margins improving from the first half. For the first quarter, spending was in line with expectations at $4.4 billion. We are maintaining our spending forecast for the year at $18.3 billion. As we move into the second quarter, we are forecasting a $200 million increase to spending when compared to the first quarter, primarily driven by the start of our Ultrabook marketing campaign. We expect spending as a percent of revenue to come down in the second half. Taking a look at the balance sheet, total cash investments ended the quarter at $13.8 billion, down $1.1 billion from the fourth quarter. We generated approximately $3 billion in cash from operations, paid approximately $1 billion in dividends, purchased nearly $3 billion in capital assets and had $1.5 billion of stock repurchases. Inventory grew by approximately $400 million, with more than all of our growth attributed to our ramp of Ivy Bridge. On a unit basis, our microprocessor inventory went down from the fourth quarter. Our first quarter results and our forecast for the second quarter are consistent with our expectations at the start of the year and reinforce our expectations for 2012. Against the backdrop of the worldwide shortage of hard disk drives and continued macroeconomic weakness in the mature markets, our execution remains strong. We are in the midst of an unprecedented refresh of our product line across segments of our business. Both Romley and Ivy Bridge ramp rates will be significantly faster than their predecessors. Our manufacturing lead continues to extend with 3 new 22-nanometer factories ramping in the second quarter and a fourth factory ramping in the second half. Additionally, we are winning designs in embedded smartphones and tablets that will add to our growth rate over the long term. We are making investments in our business which bring us competitive advantage, and we are using the cash flow we are generating to increase shareholder returns. We will talk more about all of these trends at our next month's investor meeting.  With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Henninger : All right. Thank you, Paul and Stacy. We'll now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Now Misty, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stacy, just a follow-on to the gross margin in Q2. It sounds like the entire hit is just the ramp of the Ivy Bridge. I just want to get a little bit of understanding. Was this an unexpected unit cost uptick? Or is there something different going on with the yield curve with Ivy Bridge at 22 than you had anticipated?
Stacy J. Smith: No, it's absolutely consistent with my expectations when I started the year. Maybe it's worthwhile. It's been 2 years since we've gone through a process transition; that was the 32-nanometer transition. So let me just take a second to go through a tutorial on how the cost accounting works as we go through one of these. We have 3 new 22 nanometer factories. And at the beginning of that ramp, the first units that go through those factories in essence absorbs all of the cost of those factories. So that is, by far, the most expensive part of the ramp. Those are the products that are today sitting in inventory. And as we ramp up sales in Q2, those will be the products that we sell-through. And so the result of that from a cost accounting standpoint is we'll have a peak in unit cost in the second quarter, and then we come down nicely in Q3 and nicely again into Q4 as those factories ramp. And as I said, it's consistent with what I thought at the beginning of the year, and it's consistent with what we saw with 32 nanometer. If you go back and look at the same quarter, you'll see that same peak in unit cost. The difference there was it was 2 factories and today it's 3 factories because of the speed at which we're ramping Ivy Bridge.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then guys, as my follow-up, Paul, just recognizing that sometimes things don't happen nicely within a 4-quarter period, you guys have talked about DCG -- that DCG would be about a 15% long-term growth CAGR on top line. To achieve that this year, given the March quarter run rate, it kind of implies a pretty healthy ramp to about $3 billion a quarter for the next 3 quarters. Is that kind of how we should expect the Romley ramp to play out? Or if you can give us some guidance around that, that'd be helpful.
Paul S. Otellini: I'll give you a little color around it, then I'll let Stacy handle the CAGRs and the dollars per quarter. We went into very high volume production on the enterprise version of Romley, which is the EP version in March, and that was the data point I gave you in terms of 2x the volume of Nehalem. In anticipation of that, I think there was a bit of a lull on Nehalem shipments in the first part of Q1 from our customers as they knew this transition was coming. So that was really part of the profile of the quarter. And particularly, if you look year-over-year, remember last year, we had some large deliveries of products to some Internet data center customers that -- I think Stacy described that as being very lumpy in terms of their demand. And that's Q1 of last year, as well as the 14th week. So when you adjust for those factors, I really don't see anything on our Data Center business that puts us off-track from the numbers that we committed to in terms of the 15% CAGR. And yes, we do expect double-digit growth in the second half of the year for this product line.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. Actually, I'd just add to that. I would expect the Data Center Group -- I think Paul did a really nice job of describing the Q1 compare. As I think about Q2, we would expect the Data Center Group to get back to double-digit growth. And then as we move into the back half of this year, it's growth rates that are at or above the historical average. So it's -- it's expected to grow, and we're still committed to the goals that we talked about last May of doubling the business over the next 5 years. And the trends that are driving it are still intact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Stanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I had a question on the impact of hard drives and seasonality. So you obviously got hit by it in Q1. You're seeing a bit of a snapback in Q2. You said you're not -- in your CFO commentary, you said you weren't forecasting any more negative impact. But is a possible -- is a positive impact possible? Have we seen all the snapback you think that we're going to see from the hard drives coming back? Or is there potential for further-above seasonal growth coming in the back half? How should we think about overall seasonality in the wake of the hard drive situation through the rest of the year?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, great question. Thanks. This is Stacy. And actually, I'd characterize Q2 as being -- our forecast is pretty consistent with underlying demand, and that I think the inventory replenishment really kicks in as we get into Q3. So let me kind of talk through what I think hard disk drives have done to the shipment of PCs. Q4 was obviously impacted significantly as the impact of the Thailand floods reduced the amount of hard disk drives out there. And as we said on the January call, people weren't buying processors because they couldn't marry that with a hard disk drive and make the system. And so we saw a significant reduction of inventory levels. I think that reduction actually continued into Q1. So we saw further reduction of the worldwide supply chain. What you see in Q2, I believe, is pretty indicative of in-demand, just the fact that you have a Q1 that's depressed because of that contraction in the supply chain. And then what I think happens in Q3 is that's where you're going to really start to see the replenishment of the worldwide supply chain for PCs, and it's a combination of: they're going to replenish the supply chain with Ivy Bridge as opposed to doing it with older-generation technology, and it's anticipation of a good Q4. We have lots of catalysts in the marketplace that we think are driving a reasonable amount of excitement for how sales could go at the end of this year.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, another question, I guess, on gross margins. So this quarter, gross margins came in a little bit better than expected, and it looked like it was because your platform unit costs were better than expected. Next quarter, on at least versus where the Street was, it looks like gross margin is coming a little worse, and it looks like it's probably because of higher-than-expected gross margins -- higher-than-expected platform and unit costs. I know there have been some fluff floating around of push outs on Ivy Bridge. Is this -- should we take this as, I guess, some sort of evidence that the initial ramp of Ivy Bridge actually did see a bit of a push up from Q1 into Q2? I mean, how did that ramp versus what's going now compare with your original expectations as in back in January when you gave the gross margin guidance for the quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. If you remember during the quarter, we were pretty public that we shifted the ramp of Ivy Bridge out 3 weeks. That was to make sure that there was enough inventory in the pipeline...
Paul S. Otellini: Shifted the launch out.
Stacy J. Smith: I'm sorry. We shifted the launch of Ivy Bridge out 3 weeks, yes. And so what that means is we sold through a little less Ivy Bridge in Q1. Those products were in inventory. And then that's the Q2 impact that I talked to you on cost. So Ivy Bridge really explains the little bit of good news in Q1 and then the Q2 gross margin forecast. And again, that Q2 margin forecast is consistent with what I thought when I started the year. It's just Q1 was a little better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: I was wondering if you could help us understand some of the moving parts within desktop and notebook for the quarter and what your expeditions are going into Q2.
Stacy J. Smith: The -- yes, we don't forecast at that level of granularity. But what we're seeing -- and remember, we're comparing to a 14-week quarter back in Q1 of '11. But in general when you step back and look at what's happening in the different businesses, what we see is that the notebook segment of the market continues to grow nicely on a unit basis. Emerging markets continues to grow, and that tends to be a bit more desktop-centric. Enterprise was relatively strong and then we saw some weakness in mature-market consumer. Those kind of play through the different segments. But if your question is are we continuing to see notebook market growth, we did in Q1 when you look at the actual demand for computers relative to where we were a year ago and relative to what you'd expect seasonally.
Paul S. Otellini: I would add on top of that, that the first versions of Ivy Bridge that we're shipping are quad cores, and then bulk of those are going into desktops. And there's a lot of interest in these new generation, all-in-one desktop. If you haven't seen them, they're pretty attractive machines. And then the second launch of the products is in the dual core, which is the mainstream notebooks. So I think that helps put a profile over the course of quarter as well.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: And then I guess as a segue from the mix perspective and the pricing, pricing was roughly flat for you guys in Q1. Do you expect it to remain kind of flattish over the course of the year? Or are there some things happening in terms of your ramps that you're expecting more pricing could actually maybe increase over the next quarter or 2?
Stacy J. Smith: No. I characterize the pricing environment in January as -- I think the word is "relatively benign," based on the process technology leadership we have and the strength of our products relative to competition. I haven't seen anything that would cause me to change my view. I think 2012 will be a relatively benign pricing environment for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Paul, can I just ask you a 2-part question on the Ultrabooks? You talked about being able to achieve mainstream pricing in a few months. Can you just talk about where you were able to make changes -- helping your customers make changes in the bill of material? I know you said up -- a $300 million fund to help achieve some of those improvements. Given the way these Ultrabooks look compared to regular PCs, I just kind of want to know how much were you able to achieve improvements to achieve those mainstream pricing. And how much of those improvements are proprietary to Intel, given your investment in taking costs down?
Paul S. Otellini: Yes. The Ultrabook fund really hasn't kicked in to where it's yielding near-term bill of materials reductions, Uche. We're making those investments now. Some of them have to do with capacity that's coming online for the second half of this year, particularly around capacitive touch screens, to be able to make sure that those come down in price. The biggest changes are, quite frankly, just competition. When you -- I talked about 21 designs shipping now, another -- over 100 more coming through the second half of this year. That's driving volume and it's driving people to be competitive on some of these previously niche sort of technologies. And I'll give you one example. ASUS is now shipping a very low profile, 500-gig hard drive into an Ultrabook, something that we didn't think was possible. Yet they've found the technology to do this, and that helps give them an advantage. And I think you'll see other customers do that. The biggest change and the one that we're really focused on is trying to make sure that we intercept the Windows 8 launch with sufficient quantities of Ultrabooks that have touch enabled. And up to now, touch has been a fairly -- almost a $100 adder to cost, the bill of materials cost, and we've seen that come down very dramatically over the last 60, 90 days. As we've worked it and as more and more customers have committed to SKUs, that drives the volume. So the combination of all of these things, of the OEMs and Taiwan Inc. aiming at these volume opportunities is really what's driving prices and costs down.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's great. Any -- do you feel -- think you'll be able to achieve 40% of consumer notebooks and Ultrabooks exiting in 2012? And any update as to enterprise adoption of Ultrabooks? I know it's probably early days to say, but any sense as to what you can give us, that'd be helpful.
Paul S. Otellini: On the 40%, yes. I'm still very confident we can do that. All the signs are tracking there. I mean, everything we've looked at since we first gave that number set has gotten more positive. More designs, better price points, et cetera, et cetera, lower costs. So all the first derivative indicators are very positive around that. In terms of enterprise adoption, enterprise tends to be a little bit slower. A lot of enterprises like our vPro technology, the vPro-based SKUs for Ultrabooks I think come out this summer, first ones, and then start ramping over the course of the year. I will say that hasn't stopped the people in this room from having Ultrabooks. As I look around the table, most of them are Ultrabooks. So this enterprise, for one, is adopting them.
Stacy J. Smith: Over the objections of our CIO.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you tell us where we might expect the Romley equivalent for multiprocessor or four-way servers?
Stacy J. Smith: I'm not sure what we've said publicly on that. It's not far off, David, but I don't want to preannounce that. I don't want to preannounce the MP version of Romley. There's more Romley versions to come, as you said. The MP version and then the low-end version of Romley. And I'm not sure how precise we've been in terms of the launch date, so I'm, Mark's telling we haven't said. So let's just say it's in the not-too-distant future.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I think that you have said, though, that the die size on Ivy Bridge is about -- for a quad core, is about 160 square millimeters, quite a bit less than the quad core die size of a Sandy Bridge. So does that mean that the Ivy Bridge platform cost, when you've got your cost normalized, will actually be quite a bit less than Sandy Bridge too?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, I'll talk more about long-term trends in May in the investor meeting. But I will say that even -- I kind of talked about the cost accounting of these new factories coming on in Ivy Bridge. I'll end 2011 -- 2012 with a lower platform cost than I had at the end of 2011, even with these new factories. So I think that gives you a sense of both the ramp rate and the cost curves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with Longbow Research.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: I was hoping you could perhaps give us some insight into the mix you anticipate for corporate versus consumer this year. What kind of demand are you seeing out of the emerging markets? And what kind of demand are you seeing out of the more industrialized markets right now?
Stacy J. Smith: We don't get into that level of detail on a forecast basis. I'll say for Q1, JoAnne, our mix was quite healthy. We didn't see any significant shift in mix. Generally I think as we progress through the year, what we're going to see is relative strength based on the strength of the Ivy Bridge product line and the Romley product line in their respective segments. And then we're likely to see some price competition at the low end of the market that all kind of plays into my benign pricing environment that I expect for the year. But we don't get into that level of detail typically on a forecast.
Paul S. Otellini: But I'd add, though, JoAnne, that typically, the enterprise SKUs, particularly in notebooks, tend to be about 1/3 of the business. And that's been true sort of year in, year out for a long time. The trend that is underlying that, though, is that more and more businesses are allowing their employees to bring any kind of computer they want into the office. And so you're seeing a bit less rigidity around that number than we've seen in the past, and it tends to get a little bit more mixed. We think that we've got some ideas on how to improve those -- the security and manageability of those machines over time, while still giving the employees the choice of what they want to bring in.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Great, and I -- a nice segue into the follow-up. On the margin front, how do you see the PC CPU margins? I know you had said overall pricing is expected to be benign. I'm thinking more about next year. How do you see those margins differing between, say, your standard notebook and your Ultrabook and your tablet? Do you see mix as a threat to overall margins or as, perhaps, a helping factor?
Stacy J. Smith: I think our mix has been very strong. And I'll talk more about the segments of the business in May. But between Ultrabooks and the rest of the client business, we've got a great cost structure and a rich mix. And I think you can kind of see it in the overall results. If you just do the gross margin math for the company between our Q1 actual, our Q2 forecast, we kind of average 63% for the first half. To get to a 64% gross margin for the year, it says we have to be up around 65% on the back half. And that's -- as we're ramping Ivy Bridge, it says we're seeing Ultrabook volumes really ramp-up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Paul, I have a longer-term question. It's clear the emerging markets have been driving a lot of PC growth. I'm curious, longer-term, do you think these emerging markets go more towards Ultrabooks or towards tablets? And what implications will that have on Intel's pricing?
Paul S. Otellini: I don't think anyone in the world knows the answer to that question, Vivek. I think a lot of that has -- has to depends on -- if you look at people buying tablets today, particularly in the iPad arena, there are people that have started out PCs and very often still use PCs. And it's a complimentary device. How that unfolds 2, 3 years from now, I don't think anyone knows. What I am very excited about, and I alluded to this in my opening comments, is this notion of bringing the convenience, the thin-ness, the instant-on capability and the touch of a tablet combined with the productivity, the compatibility and the usefulness of a keyboard into the same device. And you'll see a number of these shipping second half of this year as the energies of our OEMs and the ODMs gets unleashed into this category. And I think that it's way too early to have a debate on Ultrabook versus tablet because in fact, in my view, the long-term form factor is probably somewhere in between those 2 devices.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And Paul, secondly, on your smartphone and tablet strategy, I mean, if I look at the industry, it's clear that Apple and Samsung are now accounting for an increasing number of units and even more, almost half of the industry sales. So does that leave enough room in the market for you to go after and have an impact on your sales and profitability? Is it enough potential for you to go after this market?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, sure. I mean, any numbers that we look at going forward has smartphones, going from sort of $450 million to close to $1 billion as smartphones, as most phones become smartphones. And even if you take out half of the market, which I would be loath to do, but even if you take it out, it's still a very large number. I'd point out, too, that those are both companies that we are continuing to have dialogue with in terms of our product line. And Samsung doesn't universally use its chips in its phones. They use other vendors, and that's certainly an account we would love to win for phones. And I can't ever speak for Apple, but we know where they are and they know where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Piper Jaffrey.
Auguste Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Stacy, just a follow up on the comment on gross margins and the ramp on 32. When I go back and I look at '10 in Q2, your margins peaked. And so if we were following the historic patterns, I would expect margins to be pricing here and not falling. And I'm just not sure if the ramp on -- shifted in time or there's something else going on that I don't understand?
Stacy J. Smith: You have to go back one quarter. It was Q1 of '10, not Q2 of '10.
Auguste Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So there was a -- all right. So it was a slight drop. So that the cadence...
Stacy J. Smith: It is offset by one quarter. Then if you look at that margin every time you see that, our cost in Q1 of '10 went up. I don't remember the exact number, but it was pretty significantly based on the ramp of 32 nanometer, just as we're seeing as we get into that C part of the ramp on 22 nanometer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Can you help us understand what your capacity growth looks like by the time we're in the second half of the year versus, say, last year's second half and what utilizations are at and what might they be ramping to in the second quarter, second half?
Stacy J. Smith: Well, the first part of your question is a little -- yes, the CapEx that we're spending is more to transition from one generation to the next. There is some capacity growth in there, but it's probably less than you're thinking. We expect utilization rates to be high through the year. And you can see it in Q2 where we're selling every Ivy Bridge unit we can make, and we think that continues.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you help us understand, I think depreciation is supposed to be $1.6 billion in the second quarter. Where might that go in the back half of the year as any additional 22-nanometer factories turn on?
Stacy J. Smith: I think you can kind of see the -- you can interpolate the depreciation number because you've seen Q1 actual, Q2 forecast and then the back half or -- then the forecast for the year. I think at the base of your question, it's probably going up less than you were anticipating. This comes back to my comment in the January call. You have to keep in mind that a pretty large proportion of our capacity or our CapEx in 2012 is in building factories, and that has a much longer depreciation schedule than does putting equipment into the factories. I think back in January I said it was over 1/3. I actually refined that later in the quarter and said it was more like 40% of the total amount of CapEx that we're spending this year is going to be on buildings and fabs as opposed to equipment. So I think that's why you're seeing less of an impact to depreciation than maybe your historical models would suggest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first one is just looking at this idea of high single-digit growth for the year, it implies that the back half is at least seasonal. Actually, it should be higher than normal seasonal. And I've heard your comment on Data Center being very strong. But if we looked across PC clients, maybe a potential for handsets or a micro server or maybe software, where do you see the above seasonal strength coming from in the back half of the year?
Stacy J. Smith: I think the biggest part of this is that we're exiting Q1 with historically low levels of inventory. There's not much of a replenishment in Q2. And then as Ivy Bridge ramps in, as people gear up for the kind of normal Q4 selling season, we expect inventory levels to replenish some in the third quarter. That's the biggest shift and we talked about that at the beginning of the year. That's what kind of causes the shift of units to the back half.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. Second question, Paul, is for you. As you talked to your customers or your potential customers in handset, can you talk about to what extent 2 things matter to them? One, your technology roadmap, particularly as you're able to talk to them about 14 nanometer? And then two, just the fact that you actually have or will have the capacity available -- because obviously elsewhere, we're seeing very tight supply on what's now 28-nanometer.
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the roadmap is certainly the best door opener we have in talking to these customers, but it's not the only asset we have here. Then there's 2 classes of handset customers. There's obviously the traditional OEM manufacturers, and we've announced a number of those; but there's also carriers that are interested in doing a private label, and we've announced one of those with Orange in Europe. And the relationships that we have with carriers globally are pretty strong, and they go back a number of years. And those are -- those have to do with a lot of the work that Intel has done in their data centers and in the reconfiguration of the cellular network infrastructure. As both classes of customers look at the handset roadmap, what they want to do is find ways to provide differentiation from what's out there and service platforms for themselves. That's where the other element of our strategy, the non-silicon element of our strategy, becomes much more critical. And so what's our security roadmap as it relates to that? What's our location-based services capability? What kinds of sensors can we build into the handset? All of those are really hardware-centric features that employ software that allow someone to create a service annuity stream. That discussion is much more sophisticated and complex than just showing a roadmap. And that's the level that we're at today with most customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question for Stacy. I think you mentioned earlier that the BCG group would start growing double-digits. Did you mean year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter in that second quarter comment? And how should we think about the contribution of the network and storage traction that you really hadn't been addressing as much in the past?
Stacy J. Smith: Year-over-year. And thanks for the opportunity to clarify that. So yes, when I think about BCG, I'm always doing year-over-year comps because of the growth rate of that business. And I'll hold off, I think, on going through the various segments of the BCG business. We will talk a lot about that in May. But if I take you back to what we said last May, which I still believe to be true, we're seeing secular demand drivers that are driving the classic server business, and that's the build-out of these big IP data centers. And then from an Intel perspective, we're benefiting by the fact that our architecture is now extending into things like storage and networking and even some of the backplane infrastructure in the data center, and so that's giving us added growth. But we'll go through that in a lot more detail in May.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And the follow-up question is one for Paul, and it's a bigger-picture manufacturing one. In your preamble, you mentioned about Intel being able to do things others couldn't from a manufacturing point of view. To that end, as you're able to pull further ahead of the competition on Moore's Law, how should we think about that benefit manifesting itself, either strategically for Intel or on the types of markets you can address, the revenue growth margins or even the business model implications that you can do with things like potentially entering the foundry business, et cetera?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the business model that we have today is one that I'm extremely comfortable with and we're working as hard as possible to maintain, which is -- and I described this last year in the analyst meeting. As compared to other non-integrated device manufacturers, we get paid twice for our products. We get paid the equivalent of a foundry margin, and we get paid the equivalent of an architectural margin and that allows us to generate fairly nice margins. So as long as we can fill up all of the factories we can build with Intel products at those kinds of rewards in terms of the ROI, that makes the most sense for us. Are there opportunities out in time to take advantage of the lead that we're building in areas like foundry? Yes, perhaps, and I've said that before. And you've seen some small announcements to that effect, where we've signed up some companies for some foundry activity over the next several years. I would look at those, and I would ask you to look at those as being learning experiences for us. A lot of the work we're doing here is to build the libraries, the tools that allow us as a company and our designers of the company to be able to use quick time to market, quick derivative capabilities, modularity for our SoC businesses going forward. And the best way to test those is to have some third-party customers to really validate how good they are, how -- or where they need some work. So it's a learning expense for us. It is for profit, it is not done strictly for -- just to get to know how to do this. And in terms of where it goes long term, I'll leave that point open.
Stacy J. Smith: And if I can maybe just add, one of the tactical benefits we see being an integrated design and manufacturing house is the speed at which we can ramp these factories. We'll have 25% of our shipment volume in Q2 coming from Ivy Bridge on 22 nanometer. And it's just an incredibly fast ramp rate. And even compared to what we did on 32 nanometer, that's a lot faster than what we're able to do. So we can just transition the market to these great new products. And I think you've seen some of the non-integrated models where they really struggle with ramp rates and yields and things like that. So it's a benefit in the long term to the product lineup, and it's a benefit tactically to our ability to transition the product line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Actually, Paul, just a follow up on Ross' question. I mean is there anything that would prevent you from getting Apple's processor business for the foundry or QualComm's business? I mean, it would be kind of competing against the Atom. But is that theoretically possible? Are you opposed to anything like that?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, anything is theoretically possible. The things that would stand in the way with that, both of those, would be the right commercial agreement. I have to say that from a -- from the kind of taste it would leave my mouth, the Apple win would be a little bit -- a lot more attractive than the QualComm win.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Something tells me it will help the stock, too. As my follow-up, can you just maybe give us your sense of just the trend in PC demand out there? And in particular, if you could just spend a little time on the various deals, what you see happening in China and North America and Europe? Is it seasonal yet? Is it better than seasonal? Worse than seasonal? Getting better or getting worse? Any words would be appreciated.
Paul S. Otellini: Our geo managers are in this week, and we're going through the reviews. And the question I've been asking everyone as they come through here is do you see the year any differently than you did 3 months ago, the last time we were all together face-to-face? And the answer is universally no. It's -- this is playing out exactly as we had predicted so far. It's only 3 months into the year. But given that we now have line of sight to Q2 and we've sort of worked our way through the HDD morass, it's feeling pretty good. As I look out towards the second half of the year, it doesn't take a lot to deliver the kind of numbers we're talking about. Stacy gave an indication of our view of some inventory refill around Ivy Bridge as that ramps up. I'll remind you that we are going into a new -- a year where we have a new version of Microsoft operating system, and that traditionally has been very strong for the industry. And this particular version gives us the opportunity to participate with a mainstream operating system around touch, and I'm very excited about that. So you add those things up, and I think the battle for the consumer dollars even in a soft consumer environment can be -- is not going to be as clear anti-PC as it perhaps was last year. And lastly, we're not going to get trapped into giving numbers, but we do feel a little bit validated about the fact that the third-party analysts raised their numbers to equal ours, particularly around the desktop business, which has been a point of difference between us. Also, we're looking for a relatively decent year with strength in emerging markets in all segments, strength in enterprise globally and continuing softness in the Western Europe and potentially United States markets.
Mark Henninger : Misty, if you could go ahead and poll for 2 more questioners, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Stacy, relative to the balance sheet, you guys have done an absolutely terrific job returning cash to shareholders, dividends and buybacks, and you certainly have a terrific capital position. But cash is coming down because your free cash flow is kind of neutral. And then obviously, with the dividends and buybacks, that's drawing the cash level down. How low do you feel comfortable drawing down the cash and still feeling like you're in a tremendous capital position that gives you an advantage?
Stacy J. Smith: Well, one cautionary note. I think you want to be a little careful on the free cash flow generated in Q1 relative to the long-term trend. You have a couple of issues in Q1. First is it's pretty depressed, given what happened with hard disk drives. And as our business recovers, the cash flow is going to improve. And then secondly, remember there's things we accrue for all year long. We have big payments in Q1. That's kind of a couple of billion dollars worth of shift in free cash flow. So that's on the free cash flow side. In terms of cash balances, what -- we don't peg a specific number out there, although I think, as you know, we have very specific conversations with the board. I think you can see in the first quarter, we're obviously pretty comfortable with our cash balances. They changed a little bit, but we've kind of been now bouncing around this number for a couple of quarters.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I could ask for my follow-up, relative to the view that Ultrabook adoption will pick up steam as the price points get down to a "mainstream price point," if I look at consumer activity today, the iPad 3 is already at a higher price point of where Ultrabooks are today and obviously, had tremendous adoption almost immediately. So how do we get comfortable that it's really a price point issue and not a product preference issue?
Paul S. Otellini: I don't think -- I'm not a subscriber that it takes mainstream price points to get us to high volume. I mean, I think this is -- that just helps. And what you're going to see is an incredible amount of differentiation from $699 to $1,299. And I love that. People are doing different experiments with different screen sizes. I talked earlier about convertibles and hybrids and slide-out keyboards and things like that. Some people are putting touch in, which is a cost adder. I really don't see the need to get to those price points to deliver the value proposition. The price points make everything work better because it lowers the bill of material's cost on some of these previously very expensive niche components.
Mark Henninger : Right. One last question please, Misty?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, as you think about a PC recovery in the second half, curious what you think will be a bigger driver there between Windows 8 and Ultrabooks?
Paul S. Otellini: I think it's way too -- it's a little hard for us to predict that. I mean, the Ultrabook, even as we hit our numbers, we said that's going to be 40% of consumer notebooks at year end. So that's still not the majority of PCs. I think the general issue is that this has been a market which, as we've talked about, has not had a lot of new and exciting products the last few years. And so this year, you've got a one-two punch with Intel and Microsoft both delivering dynamite products that are the result of years of innovation and lots of R&D. And we're hoping -- we are optimistic that the combination of those 2 will bring growth.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And as a quick follow-up, you talked earlier about your manufacturing leadership and clearly, no doubt there. I'm curious if you could provide an update on your plans for 14-nanometer ramp in terms of equipment, installation and when you think you'll come to market there?
Stacy J. Smith: No.
Paul S. Otellini: We'll give you some -- better granularity to that in the Analyst Meeting in May. But generally, it's every other year. From a rule-of-thumb standpoint, that's as granular as I think I want to be right now.
Mark Henninger : All right. Thank you, Misty, and thank you all for joining us today. Misty, you can please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President of Investor Relations John P. Daane - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Ronald J. Pasek - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Delos Elder Unknown Analyst David Wu Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie: Thank you for joining this conference call, which we will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations Web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820, and be sure to use code 258712. During today's prepared remarks, we'll be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. As we indicated during our last call, we have added some additional information into our earnings release that we previously have covered in our prepared remarks. And in an effort to get to your questions as quickly as possible, we are attempting to be briefer in our prepared remarks by no longer repeating information that is included in the release, unless there's a need for application or clarification. Ron will open the call and John will follow. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald J. Pasek: Thank you, Scott. Despite the headwinds of the second half, 2011 was a good year following a phenomenal 2010. We saw revenue increase nearly 6%, with another year of share gains versus our primary competitor.  Gross margin at 70.4% was stronger than our 70% guidance. As the year progressed, we successfully stepped up our R&D spend to a level more in line with our long-term business model as we began the introduction of our 28-nm FPGAs and initiated a series of strategic initiatives with a longer-term payoff. We were disciplined though. OpEx at $605 million was $5 million under the guidance for the year. Our profitability remains the best in the PLD industry.  Cash flow from operations in 2011 was $960 million, an increase of 12% from the prior year despite a net income decrease of 2%. As a result, we were able to raise our dividend by 1/3 as well as repurchase nearly 200 million of Altera shares. My impression is that we managed well during a year that had its ups and downs. Our response to the Japanese earthquake supply-chain issues was quick and effective, allowing us to avoid seriously disrupting our customers. Facing cyclical revenue deceleration in the second half, we managed inventory adeptly. As we entered 2012, our inventory levels and lead times are normal. In 2011, 40-nm revenue increased over 100% and represented 22% of revenue for the year, with good growth prospects in front of us for the next several years. Looking forward, book to bill in Q1 2012 is now above 1 and although we are far from great visibility, we do you see revenue growth returning in Q2 2012. So all together, we are well positioned this year for growth.  With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John P. Daane: Thank you, Ron. Fourth quarter revenue deceleration was caused by broad end market inventory reduction, coupled with slowdowns in a few markets such as Wireless and test. As expected, Military grew significantly in the quarter and Computer Storage declined due to the end of the earthquake-related ASIC replacement business.  For first quarter revenue, we are forecasting a 5% to 9% sequential decline, with program timing in Military contributing to slightly more than half of the decrease measured to the midpoint. Wireless should also be down across multiple geographies due to continued inventory depletion aftermarket softening in the second half of 2011.  For 2011, Altera grew revenue 6% and we are very pleased with this result. Once again, we increased our PLD market share and we also outgrew the semiconductor industry by at least 2x. With design incumbency from our 40-nm product success, our momentum continues in 28-nm. With performance, power and software leadership, coupled with feature advantages, including transceivers and DSP, we are winning a majority of the designs in the market. In Q4, Stratix V revenue increased 49% sequentially, and we shipped first revenue for Arria V. The growth opportunity for PLDs comes from 2 market forces. First, the continued replacement of ASICs due to the tipping point, where with each new process node, our products become increasingly more cost-efficient. Second, we are seeing a blending of microprocessor, DSP, ASSP and FPGA technology to create new products through silicon convergence. In combination with our programmable fabric, a technology not broadly available in the industry, we are integrating complex IP blocks of microprocessors to replace these discrete solutions. With the tipping point and silicon convergence, we have a servable market greater than 10x the size of today's PLD industry, providing the opportunity to continue to grow revenues at twice the rate of the semiconductor industry. Now let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions.[Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think, John, you talked about visibility enough to see that Q2 revenues would be up sequentially. Can you talk a little bit about what gives you that confidence? And what kind of signals you're seeing broadly from your customers on that? And specifically, within communications, whether you expect wireless or wireline to begin rebound first?
Ronald J. Pasek: Jim, this is Ron. It was me that mentioned it. As you know, we usually don't give guidance more than a quarter in advance. We have limited visibility, but the visibility we do have suggests that Q2 is going to be a sequential growth quarter. Beyond that, I really -- we really can't get into a lot of detail by segment or vertical, et cetera.
John P. Daane: Just to follow up on a communications side, Telecom was flat in the fourth calendar quarter from Q3, and we're forecasting it to roughly do okay again this quarter. It's within that category. It's really Wireless that we see the decreases, Wireless specific to -- really some inventory accumulation at end accounts because they thought that between India, China and North American deployments, they would be stronger in the second half the year. Obviously, in all 3 geographies that did not happen. So they've been burning through inventory. We do think that this is most likely the last quarter of that and that we'll see growth again in the future. A couple of other points to note, as we've said before, book to bill this quarter is above 1, which is one of the reasons that we do think we're now seeing the bottom. We also, towards the tail end of the year, saw some acceleration in business from our small accounts, which is why we beat our previous forecasted range. This is early, but we think those 2 signs are positive that perhaps, inventory in most segments is very, very lean. Demand is stable in most segments, and we're now starting to see the bottom. And again, hopefully believe that we will grow in the second calendar quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Hey, this is actually Aashish Rao instead of Vivek. Question on the Military sales drop. I mean, you notice in the press release that the Military sales were going to be sharply down. Can you discuss kind of what's driving the sharp drop in sales and what you're timing for growth expectations in this end market are?
John P. Daane: Absolutely. I think those of you that have followed the PLD industry know that military procurement is program-based rather than spread out over time as that you see with the commercial sector. We therefore have quarters of significant growth as we did in the fourth calendar quarter. And correspondingly, we also have some quarters where you see significant decline as in the first calendar quarter. Although in aggregate, our Military revenue continues to grow. Overall, its decrease that we're seeing this quarter is not tied to one program. It's actually over several programs. And again, it's just timing, not related to anything else.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Wu with Indaba Global Research.
David Wu: Yes, I have a quick question on -- if I look at last recession, coming out of the '09 first quarter, the following quarters jumped pretty quickly, sharply for Altera, as well as your lead competitor. I was wondering whether the end demand situation would give us the same kind of exit trajectory as we have the last time. And if not, why not?
Ronald J. Pasek: Difficult to -- this is Ron. It's difficult to say. I mean, there are some similarities between 2009, although I think the inventory depletion we saw this time was probably just as severe, if not more. And we're in the midst of a product transition as well. It's really hard to look forward that far and say for certain what we think this curve may look like. We -- as I said earlier, we have the best visibility, it just did within the current quarter at this point.
Operator: And we'll go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: I was wondering a couple of things, if you give us an update on 28-nm last quarter, you said it was worth a couple million dollars. I'm just curious on that. And then is there any update to your OpEx guidance that you outlined at your Analyst Day? I believe it was somewhere around $671 million for calendar '12?
John P. Daane: Stratix V was up 49% sequentially. And we did ship revenue for Arria V. We've, typically, over the last 5, 6 years, soon as a product line gets to $1 million-ish, we provide a revenue number to start with. Arria's still below that figure. So our 28-nm ramp continues to go extremely well. And again, we feel that for the production-based market segments, we are winning about 2/3 of the overall designs, based on revenue potential.
Ronald J. Pasek: And Shawn, to your question, the full year guidance I gave for 2012 for OpEx still stands. So exactly the same as we talked about in New York.
Operator: And we'll go next to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: John, you said even excluding Military, it looks like your guidance is going to be for a sequential decline. I'm just wondering if I compare that with your -- some of your peers who are forecasting growth for Q1, I'm trying to understand now what the differences might be. And also, along the same lines, in the wireless business it was an inventory correction continue for several quarters now, where do you think inventories are at your customers and how does this compare with the previous cycles?
John P. Daane: Okay, to answer that in reverse order, I think within Wireless, again we've had inventory, simply, because the market itself did go through a downtick in the second half of 2011. So customers were building in anticipation of a stronger back half of the year. They have inventory. We do believe that based on the take rate that will be depleted this quarter, and again this inventory is actually over several of our customers across several different geographies. So it's not tied to any one customer or any one place. So I would say, it's -- if the market itself did not change direction, we do feel that we'd probably be at a good spot in terms of inventory. Telecom, the business has been much more stable, and we don't see any significant inventory in that marketplace. In terms of differences, I guess versus our largest competitor, based on what they discussed for the first calendar quarter, they're seeing an uptick in their military programs; we're seeing a downtick in ours. I think again, what you've seen from both companies over time is there is some program-specific buying patterns that do vary overall. We're continuing to grow and we did have very strong growth in Military in 2011. Secondly, we're projecting that Wireless will be down due to inventory. They're projecting it to be up. I don't know of any specific program or design shifts or anything else that's driving this, other than we just believe that our customers have inventory and are going to be down. Other than that, I really couldn't tell other than I’d probably point out Q4. One major difference between the 2 companies is that our Mature and Mainstream categories did decrease. And that is very typical. If you go back over time, the Mature category is in decline as customers continue to obsolete, Mainstream as a category typically is in decline. And in particular, during a phase where customers are trying to deplete or drawdown inventory, Mainstream should decrease. And that's what you saw out of us. What you saw, I believe, out the -- our major competitor, is those 2 categories were flat for them. I attribute this, and I'm guessing that I attribute it to the obsolescence program that they've been running, combined with the significant price increase that they've had. Given time when the obsolescence program is done, I don't know how long that will run. Clearly, because these are products, older products for which they had very high market share. One would expect when this obsolescence is done, clearly our market share is going to tick up and probably, quite substantially. Number two, I think the other thing which has been a benefit to us is the obsolescence program and price increase have been very disruptive within the customer base. And there are a number of customers that have been doing business predominantly with our competitor, that in turn have opened up and are engaging with Altera. So we find it to be great because we not only have the momentum from 40-nm but we're getting some additional momentum into 28-nm. Other than that, it would be hard for me to guess at any the differences between the 2 companies.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just wanted to make sure I understood your comment, John. You said that the smaller customers are more stable. Are you alluding mostly to industrial, I'm assuming? And then just a quick follow-up. 40, 45 your competitor grew pretty meaningfully Q over Q, and I know Q over Q -- every quarter shouldn't matchup, but could you just help us understand why your revenues were down in that?
John P. Daane: Sure. In 40-nm I think our revenues were down because of the downtick in Wireless and some of the other markets. So I think what you're seeing is some of the production programs where customers ended up with inventory, took a pause in the quarter. Nothing has changed there. And 40-nm, we believe that we captured the majority of the business. Our market share continues to be in the 60% range, and we expect that to continue going forward. Second part of the question, I'm sorry --
Ronald J. Pasek: Smaller customers.
John P. Daane: Oh, smaller customers. You're absolutely right. We did see a comeback of some of the industrial customers in the tail end of the quarter. And the reason that's significant is we had figured the second half of December would be very slow, simply because it's almost impossible for a customer to turn from procurement of semiconductor devices to systems to be able to ship revenue in the quarter. So we had expected most people would push out anything in the back half of the quarter or back half of the month of December, simply because they wouldn't want inventory on their books. The fact that we saw an uptick and basically an acceleration of turns orders, we took that as a very positive sign because that means that people had firm orders early in the first calendar quarter that they needed to fulfill. And again as we pointed out, our book to bill so far this quarter is above 1. We just want to continue to remain cautious based on the macro environment and see what develops.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next the John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, this is Ryan Carver [ph] standing in for John Pitzer. Can you talk about clearly the PLD content in Wireless is a big driver for the revenue. Can you talk about clearly Wireless has been down in the past quarter or 2. Can you talk about how PLD content recovers, as Wireless comes back, and right into that is do you expect to see any ASIC or ASSP incursion upon the PLD business as the wireless CapEx comes back? And I have a follow up.
John P. Daane: I do not see any incursion in the business from other products or other technology. As we've commented before, the content for programmable logic, at least our products and I'd assume our competitors as well, does increase with every generation in the system. Going from 2G to 3G, our content doubles in 3G. Going to LTE, our comment -- our content triples. And then as we move to LTE Advance it goes up 4x. So ultimately, if you look at communications and wireless, it's a great market for us. I do think part of the reason you're seeing Wireless softer is ultimately Telecom was reasonably soft in 2011. A lot of CapEx dollars were moved from Telecom over to the Wireless side, and then several carriers cut back on wireless deployments in the back half of the year. I do think that's temporary across both markets. Ultimately, LTE deployments in North America are very early. And I do believe will continue particularly with all the new handsets being sold and advertisements. Number two, you've got Japan, which is going to do LTE deployments. China is still very early in 3G, and we think that will continue. And then as you know, we've had the auctions of spectrum, fairly a long time ago in India without any deployment. And we do expect India for both 2G and 3G to pick up. So I think Wireless will do well, and then ultimately, Telecom as well because ultimately with the new generation of wireless technology, you need to upgrade the backhaul capability as we're seeing more data and video used, metro is going to have to go through an upgrade as well. So we think both segments over time have a very strong potential for us, and a very strong potential growth. We just happen to be in a period of time in the second half of 2011. And into this quarter, where we're seeing some ebbing long-term -- I expect to see continued solid growth out of comp.
Unknown Analyst: And then my follow-up. Your competitors talked about 28-nm fairly explicitly outlining 350 design wins, 90 plus customers, $1 billion of lifetime revenue, production of their first devices in the June quarter this year. Can you put a little more color around this 2/3 of the available design wins that you guys are capturing with 20-nm and help us understand a little bit more sort of how you're quantifying that revenue? And when you expect to be in production with some of your first 28-nm products?
John P. Daane: Yes, we do have different terminology than our competitor. We count something as a commitment when a customer commits to us, we count it as a design win when they actually put parts on a board. I think their probably calling our commits design wins. So the reason we haven't released data is I don't think it would be consistent. What we do is a look at design wins and losses. We don't look at it by socket. About 10 years ago, we changed that to look at based on the revenue potential out of that particular socket. In its peak year, we look at design wins and losses, not only to FPGAs but also to ASICs and ASSPs. And right now, within 28-nm, we're solidly winning 2 out of every 3 designs that are in the marketplace, again, based on the value of the design wins. Based on the claims of our competitor, we do take them very seriously. We do continue to ask ourselves what aren't we seeing, scrub data, visit customers, talk to customers. We simply don't see what they claim. And so far, within the ramp of the design value, where Stratix clearly has been ramping revenue. We haven't heard much from our competition in terms of revenue. We think so far, we're showing that we're doing very well in the marketplace as well. We'll continue to view that and see what's going on, but clearly, that's where we are. I think we do have a number of product advantages as we talked about, with a tailored product portfolio. It does give us performance advantage, power advantage, some features in terms of DSPs. Certainly transceivers again for many generations, that's been in our favor. And then coupled with software productivity advantage and the design win incumbency from 40. This is what we would expect to see and so far we're executing the plan. So we'll see how this plays out, but we're very confident in what we've seen and what we're doing.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Quick question. Do you have, outside of your distributors -- did you have a 10% customer in the quarter?
Ronald J. Pasek: Yes, we did. We -- Huawei was 13%, I believe, in Q4 -- I'm sorry, 14% for Q4.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: So part of the adjustment obviously out of the Asia Pac or China region is obviously Huawei. Looks like it was down quite substantially year-over-year. Do you think that inventory depletion would be done at Huawei in the current quarter?
John P. Daane: So what I do not want to do is tie my comments on Wireless to any particular one customer. As I did mention, it's actually across several different geographies. I expect Wireless to be down in Europe, I expect it to be down in Japan and I expect it to be down in Asia. But don't want to talk about any one particular customer. So hopefully, that gives you sort of a feel.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Again for my last question, then. The small -- you said your small customers are coming back. Just curious about your -- what your larger OEM customers are telling you in terms of visibility going forward?
John P. Daane: Well I think in terms of the market segments for the first calendar quarter, as we mentioned, we expect Military to be down because of program timing. Wireless again because of inventory, generally most of the other verticals to be slightly up or slightly down, not a lot of action yet. We do see a lot of stability. We have seen more expedites and pull-ins. We do, as we mentioned, have a book to bill which is strong so far this quarter, but that's basically our forecast for the quarter. And our customers remain cautious and I think what they're doing still is trying to minimize inventory and really only purchasing product when they have firm orders themselves.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: At some point should carrier CapEx return strongly, could you talk about any sort of shift in carrier investment we should expect, whether it's like 100 gig optical networking or same in terms of base stations and wireless backhaul?
John P. Daane: It will depend on the particular market. I think what you're going to see is in developing countries OTN will probably get deployed more. Existing countries that have a significant infrastructure may deploy other types of technology. Clearly, Ethernet is growing very strongly within the telecommunications industry with some different flavors and features added to it. And I think certainly, you're going to see 100 gig get deployed. And there's a lot of development going on in the 400 gig space as well. All of those areas really benefit Altera quite well because we have the high-speed integrated transceivers. So for most of these applications, we really are the only PLD supplier. And then at the high-end, we have the performance with Stratix, which is another key. So ultimately, I think we're very, very well positioned within telecom for the growth. I think in some markets, you'll see wireless, microwave backhaul as part of the way to connect to the base stations. Within that space, we're by far the best-positioned PLD supplier. So I think we'll benefit all the way around.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And for follow up Computering and Storage. You're guiding down I assume none of that is the temporary ASIC business and it’s just a further leg down in destocking. And briefly when you talk about OpenCL high-performance computing, is that a greenfield opportunity, or are you displacing things like GPUs or is it a combination?
John P. Daane: Yes, so with OpenCL, what we're really targeting there is and I have to give absolute credit to NVIDIA for first recognizing the opportunity to develop higher-level compiler tools. It could operate off of a C-like language to take advantage of a non-microprocessor architecture for high-performance computing. We've adopted OpenCL. OpenCL is an open standard for parallel programming. FPGAs are wonderful for being able to instantiate multiple types of blocks to do parallel high-performance computing. And this language is an open standard. We've developed a compiler. We've developed the accelerator blocks underneath. And so we now have a technology which can work at a higher performance, at a fraction of the power either than x86 server CPUs, or GPUs in these applications. Target markets include computing for markets such as financial transactions. We're seeing a significant uptick in that space already. And then in the military space, not only for applications such as radar, but also in the high-performance computing side of military as well. We are I think the only PLD company that is talking about the technology we have. I believe over a dozen customers using the product from us to date. And we think this opens up a really new, exciting space for us. It's exciting because first of all, it's a new growth opportunity, but it's also one where, if you look at computers, there's typically a 3-year refresh cycle. And in the computer side, they would use or highest and most expensive FPGAs for this acceleration. So it gives us access to a market that would go through a much faster refresh cycle than we traditionally see in our Industrial or communications business and also is quite large in terms of space. And again, we've already seen some sales into that category and a growing business there. So we’re quite excited about that. And the first part of the question?
Ronald J. Pasek: The first part of your question, Ian, the ASIC replacement business we had was specific to Q3.
John P. Daane: And it was within the computer networking sites. So that's why you saw the downtick going into the fourth calendar quarter, when you look at the Q1 numbers, we're really not expecting much difference out of Computer and Storage. Overall, it's roughly going to be flat with networking up, Computer slightly down. But not a significant change in either market again for the first calendar quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My question, I guess first question, and I recognize that the visibility's clearly limited. But when you think about your share at 40-nm at 60 plus percent and your customers moving from Xilinx and minus 1 to you this year, what kind of share do you guys can gain overall in 2012 in terms of percentage terms?
John P. Daane: Well I think in 2011, we gained about a total PLDs about 1.5%, somewhere in there. I think within FPGAs it was 2%. I think in the prior year, we gained about 2% overall in PLDs. It was about 3% in FPGAs, somewhere in there. So it's been -- we've been gaining market share for actually a long period of time and FPGAs in particular, it's been 9 straight years of market share gain. Hard for me to predict, 40-nm clearly as you point out, as that ramps our market share in 40-nm is substantially higher than our overall FPGA market share. Overall in FPGAs we're still well below 50%. So having 2/3 of the 40-nm node as that ramps will continue to ship market share in our favor. It is hard to predict because I think the one thing that could have a short-term impact is an obsolescence program. Clearly, that helps accelerate future revenue into a near-term period of time. That could have a temporary impact ultimately again just in a short run. And so, for that reason, and lots of others, it's really hard to predict exactly what will happen this year.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then in terms of recovery, you've talked about Military down, very lumpy business, and also in terms of Wireless burning through inventory, but when you look through that and you see where end demand is today and the visibility you have to at the inventories, what do you think drives a recovery? Is it going to be 1 or 2 segments or will it be pretty broad based and kind of any color you can add there, segment-wise and then how we think about mix and implications for gross margins would be very helpful.
John P. Daane: Well I think Wireless, quite honestly, is weak across several geographies right now. I think any one geography picking up does help that business. Number two, because the -- some of our end customers have inventory, what they are doing is working through that at this point. So we're basically under shipping their actual usage. And so we do think at some point this business will stabilize and start to pick up. Telecom, as we mentioned, has been very fairly stable. I do think it's going to have some better growth in the future certainly than we saw in 2011 where it was I believe just slightly down to flattish. A specific time? Very hard to predict at this point.
Ronald J. Pasek: On gross margin, I think I would stick with the guidance we gave back at the analyst conference. You should see margin this year at 70% plus or minus 1. And to your point, it will just vary by quarter depending on the flavor of certain verticals.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So looking at 2012, it looks like we should expect more or less the same mix within markets with potentially communication increasing? Or is there any other shift that we could expect percentage-wise?
John P. Daane: Tristan, it's very difficult to project 2012 at this time as we have -- had done for several years. We particularly like to stay with just one quarter guidance at a particular time. I do think if you look at the end markets, communications should have strong long-term cycle growth because of deployment in China for 3G continuing. India, 2G and 3G, and then Japan and North America on 4G. As we've noted in the past, backhaul for wireless communications, the bandwidth has to increase. So there's no equipment allowed to be deployed, either microwave or fiber. And then ultimately, as we've also talked about, to try to fully utilize the spectrum that's out there, we should see more base station, in particular, radios deployed. All of those products have FPGA content, and those could be accelerators of revenue. And as we have also commented Telecom should start to increase simply because we're seeing some saturation in some markets because of video and data usage. Industrial, Military and Automotive should continue to grow for us due to the fact that they're increasing electronics content, our design win momentum, the fact that particularly for Military and Automotive, they're smaller markets for us. And industrial is fairly under penetrated for programmable logic and offers a very, very large opportunity that honestly, because of its volume, everybody else in semiconductors ignores. And then as we talked about in the past, 40-nm really is driving the growth of the FPGA industry and that clearly is in our favor. So we think we've got longer-term, some good product cycles in what are our key markets. We clearly have the design win momentum. We'll just have to see how it plays out and again because visibility is very limited with our customer base, we prefer to just take it one quarter at a time.
Operator: And we'll go next to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: John, you said you expect Q2 to be up. Would you expect all end markets to be up and any one particularly more than the other?
John P. Daane: I cannot project exactly what will happen on a vertical basis. I think what we're doing is we're projecting it off of a couple of things. One is where we've seen for instance Military decrease this quarter because of program timing, we've seen some continued burn off of inventory in Wireless. We don't see any such events happening in the second calendar quarter. They could, but from what we see today, there's no onetime customer issues inventory or other items happening. Number two, based on our conversations with customers, distributors, inventory is extremely thin. And so, we think therefore, if demand continues at its current rate, customers are going to have to return to purchases. And the third item is we are seeing better business environment from a turns order perspective, and we're taking that into consideration as well. What each market will do in the second calendar quarter is very hard for us to predict. So we'll just have to see how it plays out when we get there.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then for my follow-up, a question for Ron. So Ron, you guys are keeping the 2012 R&D guidance. Can we expect R&D to drop in 2013 as a result of the spending from this year?
Ronald J. Pasek: So Chris, you're getting a little far ahead there. We haven't even begun to plan for next year yet. So I really can't comment on that right now. You do know our long-term business model, which is to have R&D at 18%, roughly. So I think if you're modeling something that's still a good long-term model number to use.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you just remind us whether it's fourth quarter or full year 2011, how much Military was of sales? And then generally speaking, do you expect that Military business to grow in 2012 on a full year basis?
John P. Daane: In terms of the full year, we're not, at this point, projecting any particular vertical and what they’ll do. Again, visibility is overall limited. I believe for the fourth quarter, Military was about 11% roughly, of sales. I don't have the full year number in front of me.
Scott Wylie: It seems to be a little less than that.
John P. Daane: Yes, I'd project it'd be less than that too, because it was roughly I think about --
Scott Wylie: In the high --
John P. Daane: 7% or 8%.
Ronald J. Pasek: About 9%.
John P. Daane: Okay. So 9% for the full year.
Ronald J. Pasek: Military -- there's 3 verticals or really 1 main vertical and 3 sub-verticals that we consistently discuss as our long-term highest growth vertical. That's auto, industrial and Military. So without giving a specific number, we can tell you that Military is one of our fastest growing end markets.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. As a follow-up question, can you remind us what disti versus OEM revenues were in the fourth quarter, maybe the full year? And then as far as the order patterns, inventory burn, at some point rebuilding inventory, et cetera, discuss the differences you're seeing between your distributors and the OEMs?
John P. Daane: Well, first of all, remember that we recognize revenue when our distributors ship the product to the end customer, not when we ship it to distribution. We do include the distribution inventory within our month supply and end figures so that you have a full understanding of the inventory between us and distribution. I don't think we have a good breakout right here today...
Ronald J. Pasek: You'll see it in the K, though. We do break it out in the K.
John P. Daane: So you'll get the OEM versus distribution revenue breakout between the 2. And again, I think the inventory and the behavior really depends more on some of the vertical markets than it does small customers, large customers. Happens that you see more large customers in wireless. So perhaps you'll see some more large customers down this quarter. But overall, I think it's more tied to segment than it is anything particular due to large or small customer.
Operator: And we'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Delos Elder: This is Delos Elder for Glen. I just wanted to go back to the obsolescence program you mentioned. Are you able to quantify or even qualify the share gain there, or the opportunity you're looking at? And over what time frame that will occur?
John P. Daane: No, all we can do is take a look at our Mainstream and Mature categories and compare that to our competitors. And based on that, get a sort of rough understanding of what is happening from an acceleration perspective. I think ultimately, that's all we're able to do, internally. We don't see any particular product breakdowns that provide the data. We don't see any particular detail that provides any more color. But it is significant because if you look at the fourth calendar quarter, had our major competitors’ mainstream and mature products behave like ours did and our behaved very normally. And we would've outperformed them in the quarter. So I point not only because I think it is fairly significant to short-term revenue growth and short-term revenue flow. Perhaps you could ask them as to the details of that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: John, two questions. First, on the wireless side, as new programs and new designs are being done, it seems like there's more competition for FPGAs this go around than you may have had, and when you're looking at 2.5G and probably initial 3G base stations. I'm just wondering if you've seen evidence of that as you guys are out there trying to win designs, both from an ASSP perspective, as well as perhaps some of your larger customers potentially looking to take some of the FPGA technology and maybe go the other way and go back into ASIC.
John P. Daane: Actually, we don't see, I would say, a major shift there. Within existing equipment base, I think the partitioning is remaining roughly the same. So are there ASICs in these systems? Absolutely. Are there DSPs? Yes. Are there FPGAs? Yes. But we're not really seeing a significant change in mix, I would say within the existing systems. And the ASSPs that we see really are along the lines of DSPs; DSP combinations with microprocessors. So I would say in general, we're not seeing any particular change. There is discussion about obviously femto cells. I'm not a huge believer in femto cells. That is an ASSP play. It does not really include much, if at all, any FPGA content. And then there's also depending on the carrier discussion of how to create higher utilization of existing spectrum and the discussion of microcells or pico cells. And picos, there may be the adoption of more ASSPs. But overall, we don't see that as a disruption because ultimately, first off, picos will be additive, not subtracting from macros. So that doesn't have any impact to our business within the macro space. At #2, I think most of the major carriers and now most of the major equipment suppliers are realizing that you simply can't deploy more pico cells without having significant intelligence and handoff -- or intelligence to do handoff. So you can better use spectrum within congested areas. And so what's being discussed is perhaps macroarchitectures moved into micro- or pico, and in that case, the FPGA would win out. And I think there's still a lot of early discussion there. So overall, we haven't really seen, I would say, within the existing equipment, any significant change. Within programmable logic, there are several competitors here. We do see all of them, and we always have. But we don't see a dramatic shift away from Altera at all.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And quickly, in terms of 2012, given that you have this sort of onetime in nature Military event in Q1, and based on inventory digestion coming to an end potentially, do you think that you can have another year that's favorable compared with the semiconductor industry in 2012?
John P. Daane: Well, I think that's our long-term goal is to continue to outperform the semiconductor by 2x. We've done it for a couple of years. We believe in general and on average we could do it over the long haul. There may be a year where that doesn't happen. What I would say is if you go back to the third calendar quarter, remember, Military was very soft in that quarter. And that happens to us. Military is more program-specific. It does come in and come out and even though we had a very weak Q3, we still had very solid growth within Military for the full year. So I’ll have to see how the overall year plays out, but we do think, because of the growth of 40-nm and our early prototyping and some early production of 28 clearly, advantaging Altera from a market share perspective that we should still be able to do extremely well this year.
Operator: We'll go next the Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first question I had was, just wanted to go back to the 28-nm. You talked about winning 2/3 of the design wins at that node. As you -- based on the feedback that you've gotten from customers, I was wondering if you could help us understand what it that's differentiating your products? Is it the transceiver, the time to market, the number of gates? I'm just trying to -- any kind of color you can provide there on what's differentiating you guys in enabling that 2/3 share?
John P. Daane: The features that are important by market segment, I think the features that are key for us right now is remember, design win incumbency, which is a term that actually our major competitor coined maybe 10 years ago now, is real. Customers who are doing designs with an existing supplier tend to stay with that supplier unless the other guy has a better product. Right now we don't see the other guy having a better product. One of the key advantages we have is software productivity, compile times as an example. Some of the features that we have are more ASIC-like, like static timing, analysis capability being in a format that's very much like the ASIC industry has used. Those advantages carry forward because the engineer works with your design tools so if yours are better, they will stay with you, #1. Number two, we have the performance it was Stratix V at the high-end across the family. We have much lower power consumption than our competitor, which actually is very important for all markets. Variable precision, DSP with floating-point capability, very important for wireless, medical and military applications, the transceivers, again anything above 6 gig is still -- the only company that we can see shipping in the industry is Altera. And so, looking through all of the press releases of people, we still don't hear of any working product other than above 6 gig other than Altera. Our transceivers go up to 28 gig. Many of the newer standards require greater than 6 gig. So if you look at the newer standards of things like PCI Express all the way through whatever it is, they all require higher-speed transceivers, certainly a big advantage. Then we have things, point tools like DSP builder and Qsys, which help customers enable DSP and microprocessor peripheral capability and then, again, those are productivity enhancement tools. So I think we have a lot of advantages with the tailored architecture. We have a lot of advantages with tools. We have the incumbency. It would take a much better product from our competitor or it would take Altera failing to see a significant market share shift, neither of which we see in the marketplace right now.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just as a follow-up, I just wanted to get back to the outlook for the March quarter. You talked about your book to bill being greater than 1. So how should I think about the turns business or did I misinterpret that?
Ronald J. Pasek: No, the turns number is in the low 50s, which isn't bad. It’s higher than it has been recently, but it's lower than it has been historically, at some point. So I think that's the highest it's been in about 7 quarters. But it's still a reasonably good number. I means we enter the quarter with half of the revenue for the quarter in backlog.
John P. Daane: So we would anticipate that long term, our turns will get back into the mid to high 50s, maybe in the low 60s where they were a couple of years ago before the unfortunate Japanese earthquake disruption and before that, the sort of shortages that we saw in the industry. That's where we operated for many years, that's very expect the go back to in the future and we're sort of slowly climbing back there right now.
Ronald J. Pasek: Remember, when our lead times are normal, which they are, it's not unusual to see turns at this level or event higher to John's point.
Operator: And we'll go next to Sujeeva De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: I think last quarter, you talked about 28-nm being about $2 million or so. Did you give the number for this quarter? Or if not, was it up sequentially?
John P. Daane: Yes, the Stratix V, it's -- all this detail is now on the press release, but Stratix V was up 49% sequentially, and we did say we shipped revenue for Arria V, but it has it's well under $1 million. So we haven't reported that as a specific revenue starter point yet. Probably very soon, you'll see that from us.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And then 28-nm, you talked a lot about in the last question about that, but your compared is pretty bullish on their Kintex product versus your Arria. You can you talk about how those 2 stack up? And also when will you have a stack silicon product off?
John P. Daane: So specifically, Arria versus Kintex, what we have I think within that segment the predominant advantage we have is much lower power. Features generally elsewhere are fairly similar. Stratix at the high-end, we have much higher performance as well as lower power, higher speed, integrated transceivers certainly whether integrated or not, higher speed transceivers. And then at the low end, we see we've also got a performance advantage with Cyclone. In terms of -- sorry, I'm fighting a cold and my memory is not working, stacked silicon, the technology's early so we've done a number of test shifts and technology developments to prove out the technology. There are a number of things to work on in order to get it right. We don't view it as really the product to do, perhaps multiple FPGAs into one chip. We can do that monolithically very well with very good cost structure. It is a technology in the long term, I think it will be key to our industry, semiconductors. I think you'll start to see integration of various types of components, analog, memories, other technologies integrated into singular devices, predominantly to cut power consumption. And obviously, we're doing a lot of R&D within that space and you will see products from us in the future when the technology is mainstream and cost-effective.
Operator: And we'll go back to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: John, can I just ask you, I mean a lot of good questions have been asked, but let me just ask you about -- go back to questions that been asked on 28-nm and ask you if you can follow up there. At this stage, there's a lot of claim and counterclaim as to who is ahead and who isn't ahead and perhaps it's too small at this stage to even figure out who is better. Two questions I want ask you. The first question is to what extent do you think that you being the incumbent now at 40-nm allows you to hold on the 28? And frankly, I mean you had to fight these incumbents as seeing all the way from 130-nm through until 65 when you had your breakthrough. Now at 40 you are incumbent, and Xilinx is making claims about market share. Do you think that, and I'm just wondering to what extent is incumbency important here? And if it is, does it help you? And then secondly, as we look at 40-nm's growth for 2012, our view is that this is really what's going to be the key growth driver. What is your view as to product penetration and growth in 40-nm, say over the next year?
John P. Daane: So on 40-nm growth, I am unable to project specific revenue growth for the product line. The reason for that is that's really tied to individual programs and again because visibility is limited and were really not providing any long-term forecast for the end verticals. It's very difficult to impossible to do on a product line. What I would note is in 40-nm our revenue doubled last year in 2011 over 2010. And it was at the end of the year, 22% of revenues. And we're still in the growth phase of 40-nm. In fact, it is really going to be the dominant revenue driver for programmable logic for the next several years. So because of that, I think we're in a great space to continue to take market share and grow faster than our particular industry. Secondly, in 28, incumbency is key. And again I've commented on this many, many years ago, having joined this industry from the ASIC industry, the difference was in ASICs, customers used third-party tools. So it was fairly easy for them to switch vendors and I assume that was the same in programmable logic. And what I and many of the others that joined found out is that incumbency was real. Engineers get very wed to a particular design tool because they are different from the vendors. So they become expert users, and they do not necessarily want to switch because it requires a time to learn the new tool and ultimately, from a management perspective, that means the program may slip or may be delayed several months while the engineer learns the other tool and very rarely do you hear any engineering VP or general manager saying it's okay to take a product delay hit in order to switch. So from that perspective, incumbency is key. A second reason incumbency is a big deal is many designs that you see over time become a cut-and-paste. In other words, they take an existing program and they add new features, capabilities to it over time. And that always favors obviously the one who is in the current socket, because ultimately, our architectures are different. So to move from one FPGA to the other does require redesign effort. The DSP blocks are different, memory interfaces are different, a lot of the intellectual property blocks that customers are using from us both hard and soft, are quite different and so for those reasons, there is a lot of work to do to change. So from that perspective, incumbency is very key. What we had to do to win market share in nodes starting at 130-nm was quite honestly, have a better product because if you look at 130-nm forward, it was very rare that Altera was actually first to market. In fact, at 130 we were quite late to competition. I think that was actually true also when we had for instance 60-nm, what we did have is better features, better product, better technology and because of those reasons, we were able to entice engineers to take the productivity hit and look at us and switch to us over our competitor. What we do not see in 28-nm is any compelling technology feature that our competitor has, because of their unified architecture being really a middle of the road type of technology. We don't see anything that is compelling enough for a customer to want to switch. And so, I think ultimately, we do carry that momentum. It's quite real. We talked about it, us being disadvantaged for it for a long time. Now we are advantaged by it. We just need to continue to execute and continue to come out with strong products. If we do that, I think we're in good shape. Of course, as you know, this is definitely, as with all industries, a difficult industry. You have to work hard every year. You should never get arrogant, always keep your head up and look out for competition from different angles and we're trying to absolutely do that.
Scott Wylie: And operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Nathan Johnsen with Pacific Crest Securities.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can give kind of an update on FPGAs embedded with microprocessors on 28-nm and whether you should expect that to account for any meaningful portion of design wins anytime soon.
John P. Daane: Yes, it's actually -- we are winning designs on our platform already. We did put out a Virtual Target in combination with Synopsys that is a bay for customers to do early software development. We actually are the only one shipping that product, even though our competitor did announce a similar technology with another vendor after us. And we are planning to come out with silicon still on schedule. And so we'll be shipping products this year. We are winning designs already on it. We do have some differentiating features from our competitor in this space that we think are very key. And in terms of meaningful revenue, I think it's still -- it's not going to be, I think for either company, meaningful this year. I think it's really -- you're going to see more revenue in 2013.
Nathan Johnsen - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one quick clarification in terms of your guy’s strength. Since your mid-quarter update I think you highlighted smaller customers and industrial, was there any other sources of strength? Or was it pretty much concentrated there?
John P. Daane: Yes, I think the only -- there's nothing really notably that's increasing this quarter. We are seeing a lot of our end markets flatten. Some of them are coming up. Generally, I would say the notable changes this quarter are really Military down because of the program timing, and then also Wireless, because of inventory end customers. Some markets will be up, some markets may be slightly down. But overall, we do feel like we're hitting the bottom.
Scott Wylie: Great. Thank you, David, and as we wrap up today, let me note that Altera will appear at 3 investor conferences this quarter. On February 16, we'll participate in the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference of 2012 in San Francisco. Then later in the quarter, we will attend the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference also in San Francisco. And finally, on March 5, we'll present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thank you for your interest and participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 17:30:00) =====
Executives: R. Kevin Sellers - Vice President of Finance and Director of Investor Relations Mark Henninger -  Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul S. Otellini - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arnab K. Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Quarter 3 2011 Intel Corporation's Earnings Conference Call. My name is Misty, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
R. Kevin Sellers: Thank you, Misty, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they're currently available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them followed by the normal Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we'll post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com. So with that, now let me hand it over to Paul.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. I am very pleased to report another very strong quarter for the company with the highest quarterly revenue, earnings, earnings per share and microprocessor unit shipments in Intel's history. In particular, we were very pleased with the momentum in our notebook PC business and consumer demand for our industry-leading second-generation Intel Core processor family. Relative to the third quarter of last year, our notebook business saw double-digit unit growth, leading to record microprocessor unit volume and revenue. Trends inside the quarter played out largely as we expected. While consumer demand in mature markets like Western Europe and North America remained soft, Enterprise PC demand remained strong and consumer demand in emerging markets continued to rise year-over-year. China was up 12%, India 21%, Turkey 14% and Indonesia 23%. The Global PC landscape is being reshaped. Emerging markets now represent 2 of the top 3 consumption PC markets in the world. China is now the #1 PC consumption market in the world, while Brazil has become #3. In total, we grew the business by 28%, adding more than $3 billion in quarterly revenue year-on-year. Even excluding the acquisitions of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communications, revenue grew by a full 18% over our Q3 2010 results, which were a record at the time. We have now had 6 consecutive record revenue quarters, and our financial performance is allowing us to return significant cash to our owners via both dividends and buybacks. Our investments to expand our capabilities and create long-term opportunities across the computing continuum are already paying off. Let me give you a few examples. The Data Center continues to be a key source of growth, with revenues up 15% year-on-year in Q3. During the third quarter, the Data Center business also set an all-time record for storage units. We also announced that our Sandy Bridge-based 2 socket server product, code-named Romley, is shipping for revenue. Demand for Romley is forecasted to be 20x that of Nehalem at the same point of its life cycle, and we expect to launch early next year with almost 2x the design wins Nehalem had at its launch. In addition, we closed our acquisition of Fulcrum Systems, an ethernet switch silicon provider. The deal advances our strategy to deliver comprehensive building blocks across the Data Center from servers to storage and networking. Turning to mobile computing. At IDF, we were proud to announce an extension of the long-standing collaboration between Intel and Google, which will enable time-to-market optimization of Android on Intel architecture. Work on Medfield-based smartphones and tablet designs continues, and we remain on track for Medfield-based devices to launch in the first half of next year. I'd like to give a short update on our acquisitions. McAfee and Intel Mobile Communications, for example, contributed revenues of $1.1 billion in the third quarter. Sampling is imminent for Intel Mobile Communications' LTE product, and earlier today, McAfee launched Deep Defender. This groundbreaking new security product is the first fruit of the collaboration between Intel and McAfee. In PCs, we are beginning to see the first generation of Ultrabooks come to market for the holiday selling season. Industry and consumer interest in Ultrabooks is high, and these early designs offer compelling, thin and light form factors with instant on capability, enhanced security and excellent battery life starting at less than $1,000. And yet, this is just the beginning. Over the next 2 generations, we expect that Ultrabooks will evolve to include features like touch screens and an always-on, always-connected capability, all at mainstream price points, offering a truly exceptional PC experience. With more than 70 designs in the pipeline, we are excited about the future of Ultrabooks. During the third quarter, we began volume production of Ivy Bridge on our 22 nanometer process technology. 22 nanometers will usher-in the era of 3-D transistors, which will pay dividends in power, performance and density for generations to come. The midpoint of our outlook for the quarter puts us on pace to deliver nearly $55 billion in revenue for 2011, after crossing $40 billion for the first time in 2010, representing a year-over-year increase of 26% or more than $11 billion. In closing, we are very pleased with the results and accomplishments of this record-setting quarter and year-to-date. We remain very confident in our growth strategy and are excited about our new product pipeline. With that, let me turn the meeting over to Stacy.
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. Revenue in the third quarter was a record, and it was our most profitable quarter ever. You can see the growth of our business by looking at a year-to-date comparison versus 2010. At the end of the third quarter, our revenue of $40.1 billion is $7.9 billion higher than the corresponding first 3 quarters of last year. Third quarter revenue of over $14 billion is up over $3 billion when compared to the third quarter of 2010, equating to 28% growth year-on-year. McAfee and the Intel Mobile Communications Group contributed $1.1 billion of the $3.1 billion increase from a year ago. Intel-owned inventories were slightly down from the second quarter. As we look more broadly at the worldwide PC supply chain, we believe inventories stayed at healthy levels and continue to be tightly managed by our customers. Gross margin in the third quarter was 63%, up nearly 3 points from the second quarter. As expected, gross margin benefited from seasonally higher volume, lower unit costs as we ramped 32 nanometer factories, lower factory startup costs as we started 22 nanometer production and lower charges related to the Cougar Point product issue from earlier in the year. Across all measures of profit, the third quarter was our best ever. Operating income of $4.8 billion was 34% of revenue, up over 3 points from the second quarter. Third quarter net income of $3.5 billion and earnings per share of $0.65 are up 17% and 25% respectively from a year ago. After excluding acquisition-related accounting impacts, non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.69 was up 1/3 from a year ago. In 2011, we have increased our employment by approximately 17,000 people, driven by acquisitions and hiring in research and development and manufacturing. And while business levels remain strong, the uncertainty around 2012 GDP growth rates has caused us a slow hiring for the rest of this year. As a result of this, our R&D and MG&A for the third quarter came in $150 million lower than the outlook we gave in July, reducing our spending as a percent of revenue to 29%. As we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2011, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range of $14.7 billion. Year-over-year revenue growth is expected to remain strong, growing 28% from the fourth quarter of 2010. The midpoint of the fourth quarter range is up 3% from the third quarter, lower than average historical seasonality based on concerns about economic growth in Europe. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be up a couple of points from the third quarter at 65% as a result of higher volume, lower unit costs and lower startup costs. The fourth quarter gross margin forecast assumes a late quarter qualification for sale of Ivy Bridge, our first product on 22 nanometer. The cash generation of our business remains strong, and in fact, increased significantly in the third quarter, with record cash flow from operations of $6.3 billion. Over the course of the year, we have made both significant investments in our business and have systematically increased the return of cash to our shareholders via increases in the amount of free cash flow we allocate to the dividend and via buybacks. Additionally, in the third quarter, we took advantage of record-low interest rates and borrowed $5 billion, primarily for the purpose of repurchasing stock. This was one of those rare opportunities where the weighted average after-tax cost of the debt was approximately 1/2 that of our dividend yield on the date of issuance. Total cash investments ended the quarter at $15.2 billion, up $3.7 billion from the second quarter. So far this year, we have generated over $14 billion in cash from operations, paid approximately $3 billion in dividends, purchased nearly $8 billion in capital assets and repurchased $10 billion in stock. Since restarting our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of 2010, we have purchased over 500 million shares and reduced diluted shares outstanding by over 350 million shares. Additionally, we're announcing today that our Board of Directors has approved a $10 billion increase to the authorization limit for share repurchases. The third quarter results illustrate several of the business drivers that we articulated at our investor meeting in May. Emerging markets are growing as a result of increased affordability of the technology that we sell. Our Notebook business saw strong unit growth at a very healthy mix. Our enterprise business continues to grow rapidly and generate high returns as data centers are built to support the explosion of devices that are computing and connecting to the Internet. The integration of both the Intel Mobile Communications Group and McAfee went well. Each had strong quarters and offered new opportunities to differentiate our core business as well as grow in new areas. And lastly, we are generating increasing shareholder return via increases in our dividend and we are contributing to record earnings per share via our buybacks. These trends have us on track to achieve record revenue and record profit in 2011. And with that, let me turn it back over to Kevin.
R. Kevin Sellers: Okay. Thank you, Stacy and Paul. We'll now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Before we poll our first questioner, Stacy has a brief announcement that he would like to make.
Paul S. Otellini: Yes. Before we begin the Q&A, I want to announce the change in our Investor Relations team here at Intel. When Kevin started in the role of Director of Investor Relations nearly 5 years ago, I told him he couldn't leave until our revenue was over $50 billion. Our revenue is on track to $55 billion this year, so it's time to announce that Kevin will be moving into a new role in marketing, where he'll be responsible for global advertising, online marketing and corporate events for the company. Therefore, I'm pleased to announce that Mark Henninger is taking over the role of Director of Investor Relations. Mark is known by many of you already and brings over 15 years of Intel experience with over 3 years of IR experience to the position. Of note, I'd like to say that I plan to hold Mark to the same standard as Kevin, which means that he can't leave the role until we're up another 55% and hit $85 billion in revenue. With that, I'd like to thank Kevin for his leadership and welcome Mark to the role. We will now have Mark take us through the Q&A portion of the meeting.
Mark Henninger : Great. Thank you, Stacy. Operator, if you can go ahead and pool the line and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First of all, Paul, let me ask you, ASPs have been stable so far, and as you start to look to drive Ultrabooks, is there any likelihood that this might be something that may -- you might have concede on as a way to drive that market, and obviously because a pushback in Ultrabook [indiscernible] on pricing, even at $1,000, do you think that is enough demand to drive this or do you have to make some concessions to drive the penetration?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, there are a couple of things. But the short answer to your question is that everything we envision for Ultrabook presumes that this happens at mainstream price points. Right? And so we don't think that people are going to spend more money on average for computers tomorrow than they spend today. So that's built into our model. Having said that, when you look at where Ultrabooks are this holiday season, they're in the $899, to $1,000, maybe $1,100 at the high end some of them. I think a year from now, you'll see them at, say, $699 and up. And at those price points, that there's plenty of room for Intel's Core Processor family to be in there. Second of all, as the form factor comes down, Intel's built-in materials in these Ultrabooks has a chance to go up, integrated graphics is used more often that not, solid-state drives will be used more often that not. And then the third point I'd make is around the ecosystem. Today, thin costs more. And so a lot of the components, not necessarily chips, but other things like the touchscreens or the batteries or the low-profile hard drives or solid-state drives cost a little bit more. And so what Intel's $300 million Ultrabook fund is aimed at is really accelerating the volume price points through volume commitments and investments for those components such that the industry can't collectively hit those price points. So I think that we've really thought this through in terms of how to get volume and profitably at the same time.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. In terms of all the events happening in Thailand now and the comments from the [indiscernible] manufacturers, what is your sense as to what impact this will have on the PC supply chain? Obviously, I know it's early days, but do you have any thoughts you can share with us on how this may affect your guidance for the fourth quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. This is Stacy, Uche. We don't think it's going to have an impact on the PC market sales in the fourth quarter. Their combination of alternate supplies and inventory levels will carry us through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The question is most semiconductor companies are cutting their forecast and your 3Q is pretty close to seasonal, if not better. What do you think is going on? Are you gaining share from AMD? Are you gaining share of silicon content in the PC? Is this just what we should expect for an organic growth in PCs? Any clarification there would be helpful.
Stacy J. Smith: This is Stacy. I think it's really a continuation of the trends that we've been talking about. The emerging market demand was strong across the board. The Enterprise segment of the business was strong and it offset slower sales in the mature market consumer segment of the market. To your question on share gain with AMD, we'll wait and see their results. Our sense is we may have picked up a little bit of revenue share at the end of the quarter. But just to quantify that, I think it was probably on the order of $50 million to $100 million of impact to our business. I think the broader impact there is the leading-edge process technology becomes more and more complex, and we believe, becomes more of a competitive differentiator going forward. And not just with AMD, we're seeing this across-the-board. We're solving these problems a full generation ahead of everybody else. They're very difficult problems to solve. By being ahead of the rest in the industry, we can bring more features, more performance, bring cost down, be more power efficient. I think that has been a big driver of our business, and I think it will continue to be so.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's a great set-up for the follow-up question, which is there's a debate about x86 versus ARM in mobile and notebook processors. And I guess, if you could just share with us your view on the important vectors to compare x86 or Medfield or whatever the proper processor name for you guys is versus ARM, and when should we expect to see you guys shipping x86 into volume handsets?
Paul S. Otellini: Sure. Well, the short answer to your question, the last part of your question, is what I said earlier, which is you'll see Intel-based phones in the first half of next year from a variety of suppliers. And we won't make any announcements until those phones are ready to be shown in public. But the other answer to your question is that there is -- just like there's no one ARM, there's no one version of Atom going into these devices. We have -- Intel has tailored Atom for low-end PCs, it's now tailoring it for tablets. We're tailoring different versions of it for handsets and cellphones, and other versions for embedded and automotive implementations. And the ARM guys have done a lot of that in the past with different derivatives of their products. As the need for computing performance goes up, both the Intel architecture and the ARM architectures face the same fundamental physics problems, which is more performance requires more transistors. So at the end of the day, to deliver multi-core performance, better graphics performance in a battery-constrained environment is going to be a function of the transistors more than the microarchitecture. And that's where Stacy's comments on our transistor advantage, today and going forward, become critically important in understanding how this will play out.
Stacy J. Smith: Okay. Mark, let me just -- let me also add to that. I hear this argument a lot about ARM coming into the PC segment of the market, and the way I hear it articulated from some of our competitors is they're talking about they're going to come into that segment of the market, which is the low -- very low end of the PC market with a $30 processor to compete against our $100 processor and therefore, they win. I think if you look at the low end of the market today, it's pretty instructive. We're there today with $30 processors where we make a very good product margin on, actually, $30 kits in that segment of the market. AMD, our prime competitor, is in there, well under our pricing. They're selling at a $20-kit pricing. We still win the lion share of that market, and we win the lion share of that market because we bring more performance, we bring features, we're a reliable supplier, we have high quality levels. All of the benefits of doing business with Intel shine through there. It's going to be the same issue with ARM. All of those advantages will be even more so against ARM. And with AMD, they're socket and application compatible. With ARM, they're not. And so the cost and the complexity to our consumers is quite a bit higher. So I'm really confident in our play in that space. And as Paul said, at the end, it all comes down to we're solving these problems of physics 2 years ahead of the rest of the industry, that gives us a cause-to-performance a future advantage that become very difficult for people to match.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first question, in terms of your revenue guide up 3% sequentially at the midpoint, can you help me understand kind of the moving parts there? What's outperforming, what's underperforming within your various segments?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. I'd be happy to. So first, I want to put that in perspective. It's 28% revenue growth year-on-year off of the back of a strong 2010. 2010 was a strong year for us. But you would look at the 3% and say against a kind of wide range of seasonal outcomes, that's kind of at the lower end or below the seasonal average. When you deconstruct what's going on, I think that we're a little cautious on Q4 based on, as I said in my prepared remarks, just macroeconomic concerns, particularly in Europe. And you have to remember that Q4 is a very strong consumer quarter and that has been a section of the market that has been sluggish really all year. So that's one. We're hearing from our customers that they're going to manage inventory to very lean levels, supply chain inventory very lean levels. So that also is, I think, a little bit of a headwind, assuming that in-demand ends up where we're predicting it to be. And then third, our IMC business, Intel Mobile Communications group, is down a bit. We have one key customer that's moved to a multi-source strategy. By the way, we knew that when we did the deal, but it's now coming to fruition, and so they'll be down a couple of hundred million dollars as we go from very a strong Q3 to Q4.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I guess, as my follow-up, in terms of CapEx, your budget is unchanged this year, and I think you've made sort of some internal changes as you think about cutting your 1270, 1272 roadmaps. And I guess my question there is, are you pulling in the 1272 so that, that will actually come in faster? Is that still on track for where you thought it would be 6, 9 months ago?
Stacy J. Smith: It's on track to where we thought it was 6 to 9 months ago. And remember, the capital we're spending this year is kind of 22 nanometer peak, it's the front edge of 14 nanometer, it's putting in place the space to support the fact that we're now a $55 billion business that's growing. So the kind of short-term movements don't really impact the capital budget. But to your question, 20 nanometer is similar to what we have believed all year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess as my first question, Paul, can you talk a little bit about DCG? A lot of buckets within that. What's been kind of outperforming versus kind of underperforming? And as you think about maybe that maintaining at 15% top line year-over-year growth rate, you kind of had been flat here for the last couple of quarters. What's the drive to kind of the next leg of growth there?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I think there's 3 elements of the business. There's the classic enterprise data center, which has been going through a sort of secular consolidation over several years now, starting with Nehalem, where people are moving from older generations of 1 and 2P servers to MP virtualized machines. And that, we've only begun to see the impact of that and some of the early hints on Romley that I talked about are indicative of the upside we still have in corporate enterprise data centers. The second big clump is in the Internet data centers. And those -- that growth rate, which is basically tracking the cloud growth rate, is really quite strong. Those customers tend to buy in a more lumpy pattern, around our best technology. So you might imagine that some of those large customers may be waiting for our next generation products to be deployed, which are being shipped now, but they'll start deploying in the next several months. And then the third one is in things around servers in the data center, networking and enterprise, and those businesses have been quite strong. You saw EMC's announcement this morning and our announcement that we had a record quarter in storage. There's really no difference in that. People are adding storage capacity as fast as they're having cloud computing capacity because they go hand and glove. I think that the biggest issue relative to the quarterly trends is probably this lumpiness in the Internet data centers.
Stacy J. Smith: I was surprised when I looked at the data -- John just said, give a little more color on that, how quickly these guys convert to our newest technology. We looked back at Westmere, and what we saw is in the first 90 days, they converted, that 90% of our sales to them we're on the new technology. And so as Paul said, I think we saw a little bit of a stall in Q3 as they were waiting for the Sandy Bridge version, and that's now telling for revenue and we're seeing acceleration in the business. So I think that skews those quarterly results somewhat.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then as my follow-up, Stacy, you gave us ASPs at the platform level. I'm kind of curious when you look within the PC client group, with MPU revenue up 15% versus chipset up 6% sequentially, can you help me understand on the MPU side, what was unit driven versus ASP and are you benefiting as you're tucking in integrated graphics? And how do we think about that going forward?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, so first of all, it becomes increasingly difficult, if not misleading to try to separate out the CPU from the chipset. We're selling this as a platform of capabilities. And so I think that the most intellectually honest way for us to talk about it is at a platform level. In terms of what drove the Q3 results, it was really all units. Quarter-on-quarter pricing was relatively flat. It was a unit-driven story. We saw double-digit growth across PC units, and notebooks were notably stronger than the average.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you talk about the assumption that's built around Ultrabooks in your Q4 guidance? Is it material?
Paul S. Otellini: No, it's not.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, from a revenue standpoint, no.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And also you've previously talked about the expectation of say lower cost of sales outlook for next year. Assuming stable ASPs, you've mentioned several times now multiple design wins in mobile phone. Does that lead us to change any ASP assumption potentially for next year?
Paul S. Otellini: I'm not sure I understood the question. Are you talking about an average between our client ASP and phones? Is that where you're heading?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, whether the ASP outlook could change next year on the basis of your mix and, of course, this having some derivatives regarding your gross margin outlook.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. I'll provide an ASP forecast to you in January for 2012. If you go back to the stuff from the investor meeting, what I showed was we've upped the range and I'm pretty confident that we're in the top half of the range in 2012, that hasn't changed, which is 60% to 65% or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the Q4 forecast, how much of the below seasonal sales would you say is due to just an inventory drawdown versus softening demand? And then any commentary from your customers on the demand environment would be great as well.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, we don't think that there's an inventory drawdown. We ended Q3 lean and they all continue to be lean. So, I guess, what articulated is I think we're a bit below -- when I say we, the worldwide PC supply chain, kind of a bit below model today. It's healthy to lean, and we don't think that they're going to grow inventory levels in the fourth quarter.
Paul S. Otellini: Let me just add on customers as a development. Let me add something you didn't ask, but wanted to color my comments, which is the shape of Q3. And as we went through Q3, we saw September being very strong. So we didn't see a tail off at all in the third quarter. In terms of customer forecast, it's really -- it's an interesting dynamic that they are, obviously, moving very rapidly around the enterprise sales, but everyone is cautious around consumer sales, particularly in the U.S. and Western Europe. And not less so obviously in emerging markets. The other dynamic that's here is that there seems to be an adequate supply of components to build, in particular, laptops. So screens, power supplies, hard drives, all the stuff that a quarter ago was a little empty because of the tsunami, seems to be in more than adequate supply. At the same time, for other reasons, macroeconomic reasons, it's now cheaper to ship by air than it was in prior quarters. So our customers have more flexibility on the upside for taking turns environment should they see opportunity over the course of this quarter than we've seen in a couple of quarters. And so I think what you've got is them just staging to be cautious and not get caught on the downside with inventory, but to be ready to pounce on any upside opportunity.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And for my follow-up, I'll completely switch gears. This year, you guys have really made a statement through increasing the dividend and the buyback. If you could just maybe talk about sort of what drove that change? And then also any sort of metrics you look at as far as how you allocate cash either way and what is your sort of long-term goal for cash at Intel versus debt level? Anything like that would be helpful.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, I'll take a shot and forgive me in advance. We tend to not talk about the level of cash that we're targeting, nor do we talk about, on a prospective basis, buybacks. But I'll go back and talk about our strategy and put it in place. I think you're right. You have identified, we -- between Paul and I and the Board have had robust conversations, made a very conscious decision to prioritize and articulate the strategy of what we're going to do with cash. And as I've said before, it's first and foremost invest in our business. You can see we're doing that in areas where we think we get tremendous value, it's leading-edge process technology, it's buying companies like McAfee and IMC where we think we generate important differentiated capabilities. Second is the dividend. And I will try to be very explicit that we are allocating more of our free cash flow to the dividend, and what I said at the investor meeting is that I'm targeting something on the order of 40% of free cash flow via dividend payout. And then we continue to use the buyback then as the third way that we return cash to shareholders and the combination of generating a lot of cash in 2011 and the fact that we were bringing down our cash balances sum from where they were to where they are, led to a pretty significant buyback to date. And I'm sure it didn't escape your notice that we also announced today that the Board has authorized, at Paul's and my request, another $10 billion buyback authorization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Now that emerging markets is becoming an increasing part of your business, can you talk about the changes we may expect to see in the next, call it, 4 to 8 quarters in terms of mix and form factor, but also in terms of new product uptake and the kind of visibility that you get from the emerging markets?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, there's about 3 variants of that. So in terms of mix and uptake of new products, in the last 4, 5 years, the emerging markets, at least, have not behaved materially different than our mature markets. That is the Tier 1 cities in China or Brazil tend to buy essentially the same products that you buy in Tier 1 cities of North America or Europe. And there's a very rich mix of products. In fact, for a while China was actually a richer mix than the United States on average. But now we're seeing Tier 3, Tier 4 cities come on. So that's being mitigated a bit. In terms of being able to have visibility, I think the visibility is as good, if not better. In these markets, there is still a reasonably large amount of the business that is still desktop and that is distribution related. And that business, we have almost realtime a visibility into because we don't recognize revenue until a unit is sold out of distribution, which means it goes into a PC, being built that day basically. So I like our visibility in these markets, I like the buying pattern, and I like the rich mix and I like, obviously, the upside opportunity of new buyers.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Second question is on Ultrabook. The commentary often centers around what's ARM going to do to Intel next year. But by the same token, do you think that Ultrabook stimulates overall PC growth to maybe be above what we would have expected without Ultrabook and does that growth, even if ARM takes some share, offset any potential they may have?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I would hope so. And I think there's a couple of things next year that are intriguing. One is the growth of Ultrabook, and the other is a new release of Windows. And historically, a new release of Windows has benefited Intel nicely. I think that we -- while there is certainly some possibility of ARM incursion into PC space, I think it's going to be minimal for the reasons that Stacy said earlier. I actually look at it the other way around, which is to date, our presence in tablets has not been that large. With Windows 8, you have a monolithic operating system across PCs and tablets that Intel can participate in and bring in the advantage of legacy support for applications and device drivers. And in that dynamic, I think we have, net, more upside than downside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In terms of the market, you guys have given us a great articulation of why your business is growing so much faster than the third-party data suggests, and I think a lot of that is the emerging markets that you guys have been very helpful in, in allowing us to understand. What I don't understand as easily is your business versus the other component companies that theoretically should sell into those same emerging markets: DRAM, panels, power management, hard disk drives. I mean, all of those things also would sell into those same emerging markets. So can you give us a little bit of perspective on why your business is so much better than theirs?
Paul S. Otellini: At the end of the day, it can't be. For every laptop, there's a chip and a panel. There is a bit higher fraction of desktops in emerging markets, but not so much that we would throw the data off along the line that you're suggesting. My sense is that -- those industries are far less concentrated. And so it's probably harder for the third-party to get their arms around the dynamics, particularly as there may be some differential quality going into parts selection to some of these markets. People may sell their off-spec panels into cheaper notebooks going into some of these markets, or off-spec memory and things like that. I don't know that that's a big factor, but it's the only thing that comes to mind in trying to explain that economy.
Stacy J. Smith: It might also be, and I'm speculating here, but we have seen people manage inventory levels on CPUs very low. And so it's possible that what you see as inventory builds up on something, there's a correction here, a correction there, whereas with CPUs because of hubs and the cost of the CPU relative to the overall system, we get more realtime sales. But that's speculation, Jim. At the end of the day, as Paul said, over time, they have to match.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And for my follow-up, if I could ask, can you guys give us an estimate on how much unit capacity might increase in 2012 and then when that capacity ramp would start vis-à-vis the new fab coming online?
Paul S. Otellini: Yes, I'll provide a forecast for 2012 in January, Jim. I'm not going to go there yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: When might we expect the launch of your 32 nanometer chip for Android tablets? I guess that's close with you?
Stacy J. Smith: No, 32 nanometer is Medfield and...
Paul S. Otellini: The tablet. Yes, it's the Medfield core.
Stacy J. Smith: It's the Medfield core.
Paul S. Otellini: Yes, you'll see those shipping at first half next year.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And the other thing is that you talked about a stall in Q3 waiting for Sandy Bridge for storage and Internet data centers. So similarly, do you expect a jump in server processor sales in the first half of next year when Romley-based enterprise servers start shipping?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I gave you my -- the pent-up metrics for Romley, and that's about as far as we can go. I mean, we're 20x the kind of design activity and 2x or 3x the backlog activity of Nehalem.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. I think it would be safe to say a rapid start for Romley. The question is macroeconomic and we'll provide that.
Paul S. Otellini: But we have mobile versions of the Sandy Bridge server products. So they all start phasing in over the next several months.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My final thing, when might we expect the first PCs with Ivy Bridge chips to be on shelves?
Paul S. Otellini: Spring.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Now my question, Paul, a number of foundries seem to be struggling at the 28 nanometer node, and obviously, one of Intel's strengths is in process and manufacturing in your roadmap at 22 nanometer and then 14 nanometer. I'm curious, how is that benefiting your discussion with potential tablet and smartphone customers about long-term relationships? Any color would be helpful.
Paul S. Otellini: Well, as you can imagine, it only helps having those conversations. And I said earlier, I think at the end of the day in these markets, transistors are going to be a defining point of differentiation. And when we look at these long-term customers in this area, people making long-term design commitments, the fact that we're operating at 22 today and have great line of sight to 14, and they see our internal roadmaps on what we can do on System on Chip at those 2 generations, it becomes pretty compelling. And I understand the proof's in the pudding here so to some extent you're going to have to wait until we bring a phone up on stage and run it through its paces and bring a tablet up on stage and run it through its paces vis-à-vis the competition to be able to be convinced to this.
Arnab K. Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: And one follow-up for Stacy. Stacy, Q3 gross margins were a tad below the expectations. I think the benefits of the 22 nanometer startup cost declines are not as quickly as I think you had previously hoped. What is behind that? And just in sort of a related question, do you expect any additional startup cost as you start thinking about SoC's next year?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. So let me just take you -- let me do the Q3 gross margin walk. It wasn't exactly as you stated. I caught several small things. But we had anticipated that we would get benefit from higher volume, lower unit cost, lower startup cost and less impact associated with the Cougar Point product issue that we've had in the first half. We got all of that. We got a point for volume, we got a point for unit cost, we got about 0.5 point for startup cost, 0.5 point of having less Cougar Point. When I go back to the forecast I made, you probably had 3 things that moved in different directions. We got a little more good news than I expected on product cost. I got a little less good news than I expected on startup costs and Cougar Point. None of those were equal to 0.5 point of gross margin. So they're all relatively small, and the combination of them just caused me to round down. So it's kind of as simple as that. In terms of impact of 22 nanometer SoC startup cost, I struggle to answer that question a little bit. We have startup costs all the time. As I've shown in the past, we have a baseline of startup costs and then when we're launching a new process technology, which is for us odd years, you tend to see an elevation in those startup costs. So that hasn't changed. I'd expect startup costs to be less next year, and then they'll elevate again in 2013 as we're starting to bring 14 nanometer to the marketplace. And SoCs don't change that equation for me.
Mark Henninger : And operator, we'll take 2 more questions, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Stanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A question on your guidance, particularly weakness in Europe. What does your European strength look like this quarter, at least from an end-market standpoint? I was actually kind of surprised that your direct sales into Europe were up 16%. But I find it hard to believe, that I guess your total end-market demand in Europe was hugely strong this quarter. And do you expect it to be significantly weaker in Q4 versus Q3, which is driving, I guess, the full amount of the sub-seasonal guidance? Or what does this actually imply, I guess, for outlook in other regions, particularly areas where you're currently seeing strength?
Stacy J. Smith: So first, Stacy, you have to separate out what we report to you as billings versus the strength of end markets. And remember, our billings data, as Paul was talking about earlier, will capture typically the channel sales, which is more desktop-oriented -- actually it's almost all desktop-oriented, and it captures server builds, which sometimes are done inside the market. The rest are built by big MNCs, it tends to be build in either Taiwan or China, and then is shipped into Europe. And so our comment on weakness in Europe was more of an end-market comment based on mature market consumer that does intend to be built inside of Europe. I'll pause there and pause for your other questions.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So what did your end-market demand in Europe actually look like in Q3 and how do you expect that to be different in Q4? Was your end-market demand in Europe significantly strong in Q3?
Stacy J. Smith: No, it was -- again, it paralleled the high-level comments. It was, for EMEA, it was strong in the emerging markets of EMEA. So central Eastern Europe, Middle East. For Enterprise, it was relatively good. We saw much slower growth in mature market consumer in EMEA and you'd say it was sub-seasonal growth in that segment. We would expect those trends to continue into Q4. The difference is in Q4, it is the big consumer selling season in Europe, and so the impact on our business is going to be bigger.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So you just had a stronger, I guess, enterprise demand across, which gave you very strong results versus your guidance this quarter, and the enterprise lift eases in Q4 and you get exposed to consumer weaknesses. Is that how I ought to be thinking about this?
Paul S. Otellini: We saw strong emerging markets and enterprise, we expect that to continue, so it doesn't lessen the differences, as Q4 is a much bigger consumer, mature market consumer selling season, which is why we're below season.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And for my follow-up, I just want to see if I can get a little color around your depreciation. So it looks like you took your depreciation guidance for the end of the year up from where it's been. And I would assume that is related to CapEx and among other things. Can you give us some feeling for where you expect, I guess, depreciation run rates to go in 2012 versus where they've been running for much of 2011 and maybe where they're running versus Q4?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, I don't think we took our depreciation forecast up. I think we were right...
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Was it 1.4 versus 1.3 or 1.2 the quarter before?
Stacy J. Smith: We may have a round that caused it to round from 1.3 to 1.4. But in essence, depreciation for the quarter and for the year is right on what we expected. And I'll provide a depreciation forecast for 2012 in January. I just looked at the data, there's no change, Stacy, to the depreciation forecast.
Mark Henninger : Operator, this will be our last question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The first question, Paul, in 2011, the enterprise side of things and the demand was very strong, and the emerging markets were as well. As we look into 2012, especially giving Ultrabooks and potentially what Windows 8 is going to do, how should we think about the enterprise versus the consumer in aggregate and what that may or may not mean to Intel's mix, gross margin and ASPs?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the overall pattern hasn't changed. Enterprise -- big business enterprise, as opposed to small, medium business, represents about 1/3 of our PC sales. And that hasn't changed. That's a large installed base. That installed base is not going to be an early adopter of Windows 8. Enterprise always adopts it after this first service pack is out, which will be sometime in 2013. So I think we've got another year of conversion to Windows 7 ahead of us. As you remember, it is still -- we're not even halfway through the XP and Windows 95 conversion to Win7 right now. So I think that will continue over the course of next year. People will buy machines that are, of course, Win8 ready in their buying patterns as they -- in enterprise next year. In terms of Ultrabook and Win 8, I just -- that really is a function of the health of the consumer market a year from now. And you've seen the same GDP forecast I have. I think it's too early to call that. I will point out that we have been pleasantly -- we've enjoyed good unit growth and good revenue growth the last couple of years in the middle of difficult economic times. And that really speaks to the nature of what our products do for people and businesses. They're tools of productivity. So even in bad times, we've done pretty well. So even if you have -- if you project another year of difficult GDP environment in the mature markets, I would think we could do equally as well, as we have the last couple of years here.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess then for my follow-up, changing gears completely, on the Atom side of things, down a bunch in this last quarter. How much of that is still Netbooks? And where should we think about that Atom revenue bottoming, and then how should we think about it going up as the embedded side of Atom starts to gain even further revenue traction versus the design win traction you've talked about before?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, the quarter-on-quarter change is almost all Netbooks. Actually it is, the downward change is all Netbooks. In terms of your question about embedded, like others that play in the industrial and automotive segment of that market, we saw weak results in the third quarter. It's pretty clear there was an inventory overhang out there that people had to work through. When I dig in, in the Embedded business, the data we showed you in May, where we're looking at the design wins that we're engaged in, the design wins that have been won, the architectural conversions, if anything, it looks like we're accelerating in terms of conversions coming to us from MIPS or ARM to Atom. And so I think the long-term pieces of growth in that business is still intact.
Mark Henninger : Thanks Ross, and thank all of you for joining us on our call today. As a reminder, our Quiet Period for the fourth quarter of 2011 will begin Friday, December 16. Additionally, certain of our smaller business outlook items, the forecast for amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, impact of equity investments, interest and other and tax rate will be pulled from guidance at the close of business, October 25, and not subject to update by the company after that time. Our Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call is scheduled for Thursday, January 19, 2012. Thank you, and goodnight.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - Vice President of Investor Relations Ronald Pasek - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance John Daane - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Wu - Global Crown Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Altera Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation. Mr. Wylie, please go ahead.
Scott Wylie: Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations Web page where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820 and use code 258712.  During today's prepared remarks, we'll be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call and John will follow. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald Pasek: Thank you, Scott. Revenue for the second quarter of 2011 was $548 million, a sequential increase of 2.3%, at the midpoint of guidance. We saw a sequential growth in the Telecom & Wireless vertical, which was somewhat offset by an anticipated decline in the Industrial, Military & Automotive vertical. Our other vertical decreased 9%, while Networking, Computer & Storage increased 4%.  We achieved a 1% sequential growth for our new products, while mainstream products grew 14% and mature products declined. Within our new product category, Stratix IV decreased 8%, with Arria II up 41%, Cyclone IV up 5% and HardCopy IV up 24%. The Stratix IV deceleration was due to a military program transition at one customer and does not change our outlook for continuing 40-nm growth in the second half, particularly Q3. All in, 40-nm revenue increased 7% sequentially and totaled 19% of revenue in Q2.  Q2 turns were 46%, consistent with our guidance and book to bill for the quarter was above 1. Gross margin for Q2 was 70.9%, a decrease of 1.7 points from Q1. This sequential decrease, about what we expected is the result of vertical mix, growth in the Telecom & Wireless vertical, and an anticipated decline in the Industrial and Military & Automotive vertical. As we have commented frequently in the past, vertical market mix is the most common reason for gross margin variance, and this was the case in Q2.  Operating expenses of $150 million were slightly lower than guidance. The largest contributor was R&D, which came in at $80 million, $45 million below guidance. More on R&D a little later. Operating margin for Q2 was 43.4%. Our Q2 effective tax rate was 10%, and net income for the quarter was $250 million, or $0.65 per diluted share.  On the balance sheet, cash and investment balances increased to $3.3 billion. Cash flow from operating activities was $159 million for Q2. This was down from Q1 simply due to the timing of shipments, which were slightly more back-end loaded than usual. Our cash conversion cycle is 82 days. As we have indicated, we are committed to increasing the dividend over time as one of the methods of regularly returning cash to shareholders. This quarter, the board has approved the increase to our quarterly dividend of $0.08 per share, up from the previous $0.06 per share. We ended Q2 with total pipeline month supply on hand of 3.0 which is comprised of 2.3 months for Altera and 0.7 months for distributors.  Moving to guidance for the third quarter 2011. We expect revenue to increase sequentially 2% to 6%. Q3 turns look to be in the low 40s. Book to bill thus far through Q3 remains above 1. Gross margin for Q3 will be 69% to 70% as we expect some negative vertical mix. While this margin rate is below our recent quarterly performance, it is strictly a function of the vertical mix. We expect gross margin to recover in Q4 '11, with mix improving due to anticipated Q4 Military business.  Gross margin for the full year, we expect to be at the high end of the guidance we gave you on November 29, 2010. We're targeting R&D spend at $87 million to $89 million, up from Q2 as we continue a multi-quarter period of 28-nm introductions in a series of strategic R&D initiatives. So although we are slightly behind the R&D ramp at the half, we expect to catch up and reach the full year number of $330 million we gave you on November 29, 2010.  SG&A for Q3 should be $71 million to $73 million. We expect Q3 month supply on hand to be in the 3.0 range. The tax rate for Q3 will be 10% to 11%, and the diluted share count for Q3 will be approximately 332 million shares.  Finally, before turning the call over to John, save the date announcement. On November 7, in New York, we'll host a meeting for the Altera Investment Community. Scott Wylie's group will be sending out additional details shortly.  With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you, Ron. We return to sequential growth in the second quarter after a one-quarter inventory correction combined with a pause in the wireless market. For the third quarter, we expect fairly broad-based market growth resulting in record quarterly revenue for the company.  In Q2, Telecom & Wireless revenue increased 13% sequentially with growth in each, but with Wireless the stronger of the 2. The recovery in Wireless in turn fueled the growth in 65-nm products. Huawei represented 14% of revenue in the quarter.  Industrial, Military, Automotive decreased 7%, with Military driving the decline. Computer, Storage, Networking increased 4%, with Computer down and Networking up. Other declined 9%. In the 28-nm node, we are very confident in our competitive positioning and momentum, particularly as the incumbent from our broad 40-nm success. We extend our differentiation with our continued use of a tailored product approach, utilizing different architectures, process technology and features, providing power and performance advantages across the board.  Stratix V is, and will be, the only FPGA using a high-performance process. With software available for over a year, we have several customers that will transition the volume in Q3. For Q3 revenue, we are forecasting a 2% to 6% sequential increase based on fairly broad market growth. We expect growth in communications, driven by Wireless, a decline in Automotive, Industrial and Military caused by Military, strong growth in Computer, Networking, driven by each submarket and the other vertical to be flat to slightly up. A portion of the Q3 growth is from short-term ASIC replacement due to supply disruptions from the earthquake in Japan. As these designs are high volume and price sensitive, we expect that they will transition back to ASICs in Q4.  The rising cost of semiconductor design will continue the favorable [ph] programmable products with a tipping point well underway. We continue to replace fixed-function ASSPs and ASICs in the infrastructure markets and grow at a faster rate than our customer base. Our goal is to double the growth of the semiconductor industry, and we expect to do that again this year. We have the leading position in 40-nm, the growth node for PLDs over the next several years and a very strong competitive position in 28-nm using our successful tailored product approach, providing the potential for continued growth and market share gains in the future.  Now let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Let me start off by asking Ron about the inventory days decline in the quarter. Four [ph] questions here, one is how much of that was due to the shift from ASIC to PLDs, and are you able to rebuild inventory going forward? And secondly, on the subject of gross margins, are you saying that outside of the Military area, gross margins in the other areas did not suffer at all? Is there any other thing we should read into the gross margin as to the other [ph] areas of the business?
Ronald Pasek: So let's start with the second question, Uche. So yes, we are attributing the gross margin decline in Q2, specifically the vertical vertical mix. That's it. And we saw this coming when we gave you the guidance in the call in April, and so there's really no surprise there. And again, as we look out the mix going into Q3, we see a similar phenomena. So there's no underlying other cost issues going on, okay. The first part of your question, I wasn't sure I understand, you were asking specifically about inventory?
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: The days [ph] -- the declined days of inventory. I was just wondering if this is going to be the way level of inventory for you [ph] to rebuild inventory days because you saw both the MSOH was down and also the DSP inventory was down.
Ronald Pasek: Yes, and we targeted that from the call in April as well. We typically like to be between 3 to 4 months, lately we've been at the low end of that and we'll continue to be that way for Q3 as well. There's no other story there.
Operator: We'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: This is Ambrish with BMO. Just a question, clarification, John, on the ASIC movement to PLDs, Are you implying that fourth quarter might be a little bit worse than seasonal because of the transition, which sounds like over the short term? And I have a follow-up as well.
John Daane: Okay, so certainly I cannot comment on Q4 at this time. It's much too early for us to call one way or another how the revenue will play out. In this case, what did happen is there are some very high-volume designs that, unfortunately due to the Japanese earthquake, customers were unable to procure. They looked at PLDs as a temporary replacement for those devices. I think that does show the power of programmable logic, the flexibility and that you can take an ASIC design in literally in a matter of 1.5 months, convert it to the FPGA, and be back up into volume so it doesn't cause disruption from the system perspective. But ultimately because these are very high-volume price-sensitive designs, they do belong in ASIC long term, we simply cannot meet the cost structure in the PLD. So we're really a temporary bridge for these customers until they move back into the ASIC, probably I would bet for these programs at the beginning of the fourth quarter, which is why we're saying that really we're seeing this volume only this quarter.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: We really appreciate the details on that, but what would be the dollar impact? And then my follow-up is of the 28, John, could you please remind us where are you on the rollout for the other 2 product categories?
John Daane: Sure, okay. So let me -- I'm just writing down the 28-nm. So on the ASIC replacement business, it's over half of the growth for the third calendar quarter. I would note that if you pulled out this ASIC replacement, or temporary business, we would still grow in the quarter and so forecast growth sequentially. Additionally, it still would be very broad-based growth across almost every one of our market segments with the exception, really, of Military and, perhaps, test. Want to comment on the gross margin impact for the quarter as well, Ron?
Ronald Pasek: I think given the fact that this is replacing some products that are very, very high volume, it's at a price point that we don't usually see, which is somewhat you're seeing in the gross margin degradation into Q3.
John Daane: And ultimately why we believe that the gross margins will recover again going into the fourth calendar quarter. And I would note even though the pricing and the margins are more aggressive on this ASIC replacement business, it is accretive. These are some strategic customers for us and we're getting, I think, some good goodwill out of assisting them during their time of need. In terms of 28-nm, we are well into the Stratix deployment, Stratix V. It's going extremely well from a design perspective as I've mentioned before. The design was far more robust, the rollout is going much better than we saw within the initial Stratix IV 40-nm deployments. So we're very excited and happy, especially with the complexity of the device and the fact that we added some significantly new features. We're very, very thrilled with that. Arria is roughly midyear and you're going to see silicon products rolling out in the third calendar quarter. And then we'll provide you an update in terms of other families and their schedules at a little later date.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Sandeep Shyamsukha with Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC: My question was actually if you could provide a little more granularity on your defense business, what might have leading to these declines in Q2 and Q3 there, and do you expect this business to bounce back? Has this something to do with a specific design win or, I mean, is there some other trend going on here?
John Daane: Military is the one vertical market where you tend to see program buys where they come in and purchase and then go away for a period of time, and they may go away for 1, 2, 3 or 4 quarters before they purchase again. So the numbers can be swayed very heavily on a sequential basis just because of program timing. Ultimately in the second calendar quarter, we did see several programs decline from the prior quarter. We expect that to happen again this quarter. We do expect that Military at this point will increase in the fourth calendar quarter based on the visibility that we have in that segment. And that's part of reason ultimately, that and the fact that some of this ASIC replacement business is going away. This is the reason that we expect our gross margins to rebound in the fourth calendar quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Maybe just a couple of quick ones. So if we exclude Military would Auto and Industrial have been up for you in Q2, and do you expect it to rise again in Q3? And then can you give us some comments on your lead times, are there any product areas which are tight for you? Or just general comments on lead times.
John Daane: I answer it backwards. Generally, the lead times continue to improve. I would say by the end of this month, everything should be generally back to normal. There are a couple of products that we get surprises on where customers need more than a forecast, and that happens every month, every quarter. But generally, everything is very quickly returning to normal after the Japanese earthquake. In terms of the Auto, Industrial and Military segments, Industrial and Automotive were both up in the second calendar quarter, and we expect those to be flat to up in this calendar quarter as well, probably both up, I would say. Military is the drag-on sector both in the second calendar quarter and again in the third calendar quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: When you said you expect gross margins to bounce back in Q4, is that to the 71 level they were in Q2, or the 73 level they were in Q1? And then any sort of estimate on how gross margins will trend, or what the drivers will be for next year?
Ronald Pasek: So Chris, this is Ron. All I can tell you is they'll rebound. I'm not going to give a specific number, but I did give a full year number, which is will be at the high end of the full-year guidance we gave you back in November. And what we said back then was 70%, plus or minus 1%. So on a full-year basis, we'll be at the high end of that number. Really too early at this point to give you any indication of next year, but recall last quarter we gave kind of a long-term gross margin number of 68% out to 2015. So what that signals is a fairly slow decline over time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the Telecom & Wireless area, that's been strong for you. For some time, it continues to do pretty well. There's also been some debate out in the marketplace about the directionality of China, CapEx spend, some talk about possible optical push outs or it lay [ph] in the fifth generation of the 3G tenders. Are you seeing any of that going on from your customers in terms of order patterns right now?
John Daane: Optical did grow for us in the second calendar quarter, and we would generally expect that Telecom will grow again this quarter. There are certain geographies that are slow, there are certain geographies that are faster in any given point. Wireless was strong last quarter as we predicted. We expect it to be strong again this quarter. I did tell you last quarter I didn't expect in Q2 we'd have any TD-SCDMA that it would push out into the third calendar quarter. I am expecting that we will get revenue from TD-SCDMA in this calendar quarter. Really if you go back to Q2, we did see a broad strength in 2G GSM, in 3G and 4G deployments across many geographies. And we would expect Wireless to be up even without TD-SCDMA. I would note for this round, TD-SCDMA is smaller than it was for the previous round in terms of the number of bay stations deployed. So it won't have, perhaps, as a large of a contribution as it did for the fourth round but then on the other side, it won't come down as much on the other end of it, probably into Q1. And additionally, I think the good news for Altera is our market share is higher in this round of TD-SCDMA than it was in the last round. And in the last round, we have more than 50% market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: Just a quick follow-up on the end markets. Question on the Auto segment, particularly in Europe if you're seeing any weakness there given the news that we heard of the microchip a week or so ago. And then on the wireline side, if you could just maybe give us some -- what you think are the drivers of the wireline side on a go-forward basis?
John Daane: Yes. So in Automotive specifically, it was up for us in Q2, and I would expect it to grow again in Q3. We're not seeing any slowdown in that particular area, and I would note that we're actually seeing some significant expedites from a couple customers in that field. On the other side of the coin, I'd also note Automotive business is a small market for us. So it's not that we're in every car, every model across the world, more in a generally higher-end models. So I cannot compare or contrast ourselves to really any other company as to how they're doing. In terms of the driver within Telecom or wireline, really, we've seen that the access area has been slow for some period of time. Growth predominantly has been in optical Metro Ethernet and some long-haul. And really those are both associated, I would say, with the need to build out local infrastructure around data centers in order to handle all of the Internet traffic. We're also seeing the builds associated with backhaul capacity for the wireless capacity that is being put in place, particularly in 3G and 4G, and would expect those to continue to be strong for some period of time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: A couple of questions. I guess first, question on the new product. I think you mentioned that Stratix IV decelerated 8% because of specific military program. I guess I was just curious on the math related to that, given that Military as a whole is a pretty small percent of the business and how the one program ostensibly impacted growth as much as it did for Stratix IV.
John Daane: Military was well over 10% of the business last quarter. And as Ron is pointing out, that was a major driver. Certainly, it wasn't everything, but it was, I think, the most significant contributor.
Ronald Pasek: And to John's point earlier, the Military business can be kind of lumpy. That's all there is to it.
John Daane: I think the other thing I'd point out is that we expect 40-nm is actually going to be the driver for most of the growth this quarter. So it's not only going to rebound, it's going to accelerate this quarter from a revenue perspective not only for some of this ASIC replacement business, not all but some of it. But just generally, across a broad set of customers, we're seeing very aggressive ramps in the 40-nm product for Q3.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: Okay, and just one quick housekeeping question. The R&D guidance doesn't change for the full year, Ron, despite the under on, on Q2?
Ronald Pasek: No. I mean, I think we're going to hit that number. That's the best number I have for you at this point. As we indicated, we put the first guidance into place in November. We ramped R&D to grow 25%. That was a steep ramp. We're a little behind in the first quarter, get some good catching up in the second quarter and I think we're going to make it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to see C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: I guess 2 quick questions. The first one, I was hoping you could talk geographically in terms of where you saw strength and weakness on the Telecom side, and then secondly on the R&D side, given the timing of your ramp for 28-nm here, would love to hear your initial thoughts on how we should see R&D trajecting for 2012.
John Daane: I really don't have any specific geographic breakdown to give you the on the wireline sectors, so apologize about that. Don't really have anything to provide in terms of color. Ron, on the second point?
Ronald Pasek: On the second point, C.J., we'll clearly [ph] ask that you wait until we have the Analyst Meeting on the 7th of November. At that point, we'll give you quite a bit of guidance for next year. We've just barely started our planning process at this point. So I would just ask you to wait a couple of months.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: A couple here. John, on the near-term ASIC replacement because of the Japan earthquake, can you tell us what end market specifically that's going for, and you guys did a good job talking about the revenue impact. I'm just kind of curious what was the gross margin impact from that business, i.e. had you not had that business, where do you think gross margins will be coming in for the September quarter?
John Daane: Okay, so in terms of the market segments, I would like to withhold providing that. The reason is, is I don't want to -- I'm sensitive to the fact that people may start to guess which customers these are, and again it's a couple of customers. And because I'm sensitive to providing any information about our customer base, I'd just rather hold off from pointing to that. What I would point out though is that even without this ASIC growth, almost all of our markets would be up and so the growth would still be very broad based. So ultimately, we're still -- I think that's a good positive, and that we're seeing strong growth out of almost all of our market segments, really with the exception of Military and possibly this quarter as well, test.
Ronald Pasek: So on gross margin, I think we can attribute about a point of the decline in Q3 to this business. It's about a point on the rate, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: John, on the TD Phase 5 commentary that you had, it sounded like you were expecting kind of a quick in-and-out, maybe see that start to add early next year. Are you expecting kind of the bulk of the ramp in Q3 or does that happen in Q4?
John Daane: We expect it to be Q3 and Q4. I would expect it to ramp down into Q1 and there maybe some residual, but probably loaded into Q3 and Q4. And that's very typical to what we've seen in the last couple of cycles where the bay station build is about 6 months.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Great, and are you seeing any activity related to TD-LTE yet? And then finally on the 28-nm ramps that you we're talking about in Q3, how do you characterize those? Are those kind of replacing some 40-nm product or are they new sockets that you've won, et cetera?
John Daane: Can you repeat the last part of the question, please?
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Yes, just you talked about some 28-nm products starting to ramp it further, had customers. I'm just wondering the initial design wins that you've gotten in 28-nm, are they designs that your customers are replacing the Altera 40-nm products with 28-nm or are they kind of new sockets that you've won?
John Daane: In terms of TD-LTE, the activity that we're seeing is initial prototype builds and initial system deployment for testing. So we haven't seen any significant commercial deployment, and I think it will probably be a little while before we see that. The current round requirement for the fifth generation of TD-SCDMA is that the systems are supposed to be upgradable to the TD-LTE standard. And so for the most part, that is achievable with the bay stations that will be shipped with some software, and perhaps some hardware upgrades as well. In terms of 28-nm design, the initial customers that are ramping volume are in the communications and test area. Test is a great fit for us because of the 28G transceivers that we have that were really, I think, transceivers, in general been a strength of Altera for many years. And certainly from what we've seen in 28, continue to be. And those are not replacing existing Altera designs. They are replacing either new systems, new sockets that are being developed, or replacing other components, ASSPs, ASICs or other FPGA vendors so it's all additional revenue.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: John, we've obviously seen a lot of macro uncertainty in the last few weeks or even months and yet your business has done quite well, and I recognize there's some volatility with respect in the inventory cycle that happened last quarter, and then this ASIC issue, post the earthquake. But I wonder if you would step back and look at your business broadly and give us a sense as to how resilient you think it actually is to any volatility in the economy. Seems to be a little less consumer sense to me [ph] which may be helping, but any thoughts you can give us as to how resilient you think your business maybe at this point?
John Daane: Well as you pointed out, consumer is weak, I think, across the industry and that the good news there is we have a very small portion of our business in consumer. We're in infrastructure play, we, in some markets, are new to this market like automotive, the security area as examples, and so we really are ramping into some new markets. Even if they're soft, it's going to be a growth opportunity for Altera. Communications there, I believe even if we see macro challenges, there will continue to be deployments in China and the United States and some other geographies of new wireless and wireline technology in order to build out their systems. So over the next several years, I expect that to go well. We're actually seeing a lot of activity in Computer and Networking, both new design wins displacing other components as well as new areas. The whole flash memory area is for computers, has been a wonderful home for programmable logic and particularly Altera. So we've been growing in that. So are we completely immune to macro factors? Absolutely not. They would affect us. But in general, even if some of these markets slow down because we are new to areas like Automotive, Military, security or because we are increasing market share, I would expect us to continue to do well. One point not to lose sight of is that 40-nm really is going to be the growth driver for PLDs over the next several years. And obviously, that was a node for which Altera did extremely well, and our market share is very, very significantly higher than our overall FPGA market share. So we would expect that to also benefit us uniquely over the next several years.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: That's a good point. Okay, second question is just thinking about the capacity. I heard your comments about lead times becoming more normal. But as we think about the capacity available to you in Q3, Q4 and arguably beyond that, do you sense that, that is becoming more available? And is that partially because post the earthquake, people may have placed excessive orders during the inability to get certain components and that has now come down and ostensibly opened up some capacity for you?
John Daane: Well, I think ultimately, the challenge from the Japanese earthquake was twofold, one is companies who operate at fabs that were in the area that were impacted obviously had shortage issues on the wafer side. And then I think the larger issue for the entire industry was on the package material side, predominantly for flip chip. All of that on the back-end side for packages really has abated at this point. We see that the suppliers have returned to prior capacity levels. Prior capacity levels actually, they were not operating at full capacity before the earthquake. So there's, I think, spare capacity available for many of the package materials at this point. So I don't see that as a limiter. We have the ability to procure everything that we need, and more at this point. So I do not see capacity as being a limiter for our growth for the rest of the year, or for that matter in the next year either.
Operator: We'll go to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a clarification and a question. John, in the vertical breakdown that you provided, there's a segment called the Other, which is about 19% of your sales, and that's down 9%. I'm just wondering what's included in that segment and what's driving the decline.
John Daane: Yes, there are 4 particular subsegments within that segment, broadcast, consumer, test and medical. If you look at the second calendar quarter, broadcast and consumer were both down significantly. Test was down, medical was up. I would say going into the third calendar quarter, we expect that broadcast is going to grow, consumer's going to grow, test, I think, is probably flat to down and then medical is probably flattish. And you put all those together and you get to my flat to slightly up sort of forecast for the quarter.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, great. And then just a clarification on the TD-LTE comment that you made, you mentioned that some of the bay stations are software upgradable. If you have to take a look at the entire market, the TD-LTE opportunity in China, just wondering if you're going to compare that with the TD-SCDMA longer term, how should we think about the PLD content, given that some of the bay stations are obviously software upgradable?
John Daane: Well, I think in general, remember there are 3 operators in China, each of which today for 3G is deploying a different standard. So CMCC or China Mobile is the one deploying TD-SCDMA. As we get into TD-LTE, all 3 carriers will be deploying that equipment eventually. And what that means is ultimately, the market for just TD-LTE is going to be bigger than it is for TD-SCDMA. In terms of content, our continent has continued to increase, going from 2G to 3G to 4G. So we've said in the past and it remains true today that our content in 3G doubles from 2G to 3G, and then it goes up about 2.5 to 3x going into 4G from 2G. So our content's up. There'll be more bay stations deployed. Ultimately, the number of radios deployed is very high because generally also you see that the frequencies being deployed for the newer standards is much higher, requiring more units so we think therefore the communications business for us over the next several years is going to continue to grow very well for us.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: I have 2 quick ones. John, what is your sense of the current design in the market share at 28-nm? Is it pretty much spread between yourself and Xilinx where you were taking the high end and Xilinx going up to the midrange? And the second question is somewhat different. The dividend raise is encouraging. It brings the yield up. What will it take to match the 2% dividend yield that Xilinx is supporting?
John Daane: So I'll take the first question and then I'll leave the second for Ron. In terms of 28-nm, I think actually today, we're leading in terms of market share. The reason I say that is we've had software for Stratix V for over a year and have the only silicon in the marketplace for the high end. So ultimately, all design activity for that is coming our way. In fact, we don't see competitors quoting 28-nm at the high end today. If they're quoting, it's an older generations of products. In terms of the midrange, if you want a working product today that's also production qualified, Arria II is the only answer and so we haven't seen really any significant shift in the midrange away from us. Remember the midrange was entirely our category in the past, so I think we're still doing extremely well There. Would also note that we're very shortly going to be releasing our midrange product. And then if I look at the low end, there really is no discernible difference in timeframe from what I understand between what we're doing and what our competition is doing. I would say in general, if you kind of take a step back and you look at history, the key to success has been who has the better product, not who's out first. The reason I say that is these products live and have a design win window for about 2 years before you come out with the next generation of product. So a few months here or there does not matter. If you're significantly late, that does matter. But if you're a few months early, a few months late, I don't think that has a material impact necessarily on the family. However, having the best product because you're head-to-head with your competitor for a couple of years is really the key determining driver to how successful you're going to be. And I think because we're using the tailored approach in 28-nm and that tailored approach has shown proven success over several generations for Altera in terms of market share gains, we're going to have the better product set. Roughly, our timeframe is either earlier or very similar to the competition so we're not at a advantage there. And I think we'll do as well with 28 as we did with 40-nm. Last point I'd make is incumbency. Certainly when I joined this company, I underestimated how important that was from a software customer perspective and how difficult it is coming back in the marketplace once you have lost that. We certainly have that today. And I think that definitely plays in our favor. So 28, I'm actually really excited. We did extremely well in 40. We have incumbency, we have the better product set with a tailored approach and we're either out early or very similar to the competition. So the advantage, I think, is definitely an Altera's favor again for this node.
Ronald Pasek: So with respect to the dividend, the $0.02 increase we announced was a 33% increase to the dividend. The payout rate is slightly less than 1%. It's twice the increase we announced last year, so I feel really good about that. Over time, you will see continued increases in the dividend. I'm not going to give you a timeframe. At which point, we'd equal anyone else's yield. But it is going to be, over time, a regular way of returning significant amount of cash to shareholders.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: John, last year, when you gave guidance, you assumed that your customers were doing some level of inventory adjustments or over ordering and after that dynamic is occurring now. But is that what you continue to just assume that there could be some over ordering method again that you're seeing? I have a follow-up.
John Daane: The book to bill was above one for the quarter and so far for this calendar quarter as well. But again since the lead times are returning to normalization, I would expect that if anybody had any inventory, they would be either pushing out orders, they were canceling orders, and we simply don't see that because the book to bill is above one. Of the larger customers, we saw a couple that tried to procure a lot of product as the Japanese earthquake tragedy played out. We were able to make sure that they did not so that we could spread the material across the customer base so that everybody got what they needed. And by doing that, we made sure that really no large customer was able to establish proper stock. Some of the smaller companies may have. We haven't seen a material change in really the business there that says that there's inventory in place. So generally, my feedback to you would be we believe at this point that there's a minimal amount of inventory, if any, out in the customers, and what we're seeing from a demand perspective is really true demand.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then as a follow-up, going back to 28-nm and at the high end of the market, on the transceiver side, what is your comfort level regarding your solution at the 28-Gbps? Your competitor has a slightly different way, of approaching the market, so I just wanted to see if you got a chance to look at what customers are saying or how you guys are positioned?
John Daane: Yes, so the 28G transceiver is fully functioning and working. We actually will be -- we've been shipping up to 14G on the initial Stratix V devices. We're very quickly going to be shipping now the 28 -- up to 28G silicon. I think, honestly, transceivers have always been a strength of ours. Anything still today in any process technology above 6G, we're, as far as I can tell, the only working silicon in town. And so, very pleased with that overall design effort we've been able to, time and time again, extend our leadership fully functioning. We've actually got a video that we put together that we've been showing that shows the 28G both transmit and receive, so I think this is another competitive advantage for us, and certainly in this node, we'll remain so.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ian Ing with Gleacher & Company.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: First question is high-volume ASIC placement opportunities. Is it largely MAX II we should think of, and are you going to remain opportunistic for these sockets or would you ever revisit the market with some new strategy or roadmap? When I look at smartphones, I see Lattice and SiliconBlue getting some more permanent sockets right now.
John Daane: Yes, these are not in a -- good question. They're not MAX II opportunities. These are really higher end ASICs that are in very high volume. And again price points, we can't touch. So you want to think of really the Stratix class sort of devices, Stratix IV, Stratix III in terms of replacement opportunities or technologies. And again, these are sort of one-time events. I don't expect these to ever repeat. It really just was because of a tragedy that happened and we're a near-term fill-in. We did want to disclose it because it's obviously a temporary piece of business.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And maybe you could talk for 28-nm a little bit more on the software update. It looks like Arria and Cyclone, is it currently beta version right now for customers, and is there a GA release dates? And what do you want to highlight in softwares with sort of the runtimes or what advantages do you want certainly look at?
John Daane: Yes, I think at software, we've had advantages in compile times or, as you say, runtimes. We've had advantages in terms of static timing analysis, getting more of the ASIC standard design format. We've had advantages with DSP builder tool, which is very powerful for both the broadcast and military markets. We've had, I think now, an advantage with Qsys, which is our new system builder tool for microprocessor work that we have released as well. So I think software has been a strength and remains a strength of ours. I don't have particularly off the top of my head the release schedule, so I apologize for that. I don't know exactly when the general release is. We usually issue a press release around that, so we'll find out very quickly. I should know that, I apologize I don't.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, well, a lot [ph] of your customers -- your competitor has shared already beta version should be in the customer's end at this point, right, for mid and low tier?
John Daane: Yes.
Operator: Next question, we'll go to Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: I just had a quick question on, just following up on the TD-LTE builds, the question that came earlier, and just want to touch on the LTE market in general. I was wondering if you can just touch on, from a design win perspective, can you talk about the shared differences between macrocell versus microsell? Are you seeing any differences in terms of the percentage of sockets you're winning? Can you talk about how that market is evolving and how you kind of see your share in macro versus microsell kind of playing out?
John Daane: Well, the dollar content is a little bit different between macro and micro, pico, femto as you kind of go down. So the product dollar content that we would have would be different, but ultimately because the smaller macrocells are also higher volume. Typically, these things play out and your dollar content sort of evens out. I would say in deployment currently, the idea of using the very small bay stations is discussed, but not necessarily what the current architecture is used. So the idea of using, for instance, femtocells has been around for a while, but has not picked up any particular steam. The pico obviously is. In terms of our overall market share, I would say in general, Wireless, if you look at it from year-to-year, our market share continues to go up. And so from a design win perspective, I think that's still the case. I don't see any overall trend or change within that particular field, so I'm very confident that we will continue to build market share within the Wireless space.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up question, just going back to yields and you talked about the new 28-nm product that started initial shipments. Was wondering if you can kind of give us an update on how yields are turning for that product. and then if you could just kind of give us an update on your 3D stacks, a look in [ph] technology, where you guys are there, latest thoughts?
John Daane: Yes. So in terms of the yields, it's running ahead of our -- slightly ahead of our models and expectations for the yields, which is solid. I would say if you look at 40-nm at this period of time, 40-nm might have been running slightly behind our model. So yields are okay. Still a long way to go, but we're able to start to ship some volume to the customers that need it. In terms of -- I'm sorry the second question, 3D, we are doing development in 3D across many different aspects. In particular, we've been working with TSMC. I think if you look at the idea of either doing 2.5D [ph], which is taking a silicon substrate and putting multiple dye on the silicon substrate or indeed stacking through TSP, really the industry is looking at a 2013 deployment schedule for that in volume, which is why we're not announcing products today. There really isn't going to be anything capable of being produced in any volume really in the short term other than some specialty products. So very aggressive R&D effort, and we will have products in that area, but nothing to talk about today because we're not deploying anything in the short run.
Operator: Next, we'll go to David Wu with Indaba Global Research.
David Wu - Global Crown: John, with all the different trends you talked about, are we back to a normal seasonal pattern for you as we exit Q3 into Q4 and next year, unless the macro situation change dramatically, one way or the other. And for Ron, I understand your payout ratio can up from here, but do you have a targeted payout ratio that you're aiming to achieve over the next several years?
Ronald Pasek: So over time, we do have kind of a target payout ratio. We're not talking about what that is, but over time, we will keep increasing the dividend until we get at or near that ratio.
John Daane: I'm sorry I missed the first part of the question, could you repeat it?
David Wu - Global Crown: John, historically, we have seen the fourth quarter being your strongest quarter seasonally for the year. And things seem to be coming back to normal these days. Should we assume that seasonal pattern to reoccur?
John Daane: Yes, so what we have seen in our business is there really -- I mean, you can take many years together and put an average together to see how a quarter is performing, but there is tremendous variation around that average. So what we've said before is we really don't, ourselves, see any seasonality. In other words, there's nothing that we could really tell you that this quarter should always be up and this quarter should be flat or down. So that's why we take it one quarter at a time when we do our forecasts. Really couldn't tell you how Q4 is going to behave one way or the other. We'll just have to wait a quarter and see at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies: Given all the anomalies in the quarter, could you talk a little bit about linearity and sort of how your customers responded as we went through the quarter?
Ronald Pasek: Gus, this is Ron. As we thought it would be given some supply disruptions, it was a little less linear than normal, a little more back-end loaded which is one of the reasons why you saw our cash flow from operating activities a little less than it was in Q1. We think that was somewhat of an anomaly in Q2, and probably return to almost straight linearity which we usually see going forward here. Again we could attribute most of that, the back-end loadedness, to some supply disruptions which we knew about, and we knew we'd be okay in the quarter, but it would be somewhat back-end loaded.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies: Got it. And then just in term of this high-volume ASIC opportunities, is it good guess to say that, that's going to be about $10 million in the fourth quarter -- in the third quarter, rather?
John Daane: It will be more than half of the increase, just to kind of give you sort of a rough idea. We'll see how the quarter plays out. And again, when they're able to convert back to the ASICs and give you a better read of that at the end of the quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Kind of a question following up that last answer. Do you expect the decrease in that ASIC replacement to be a one-quarter event just like the increase was, i.e., will it all go away in the fourth quarter?
John Daane: I am anticipating, at this point, that it goes away by the fourth quarter, so that we do not have any of that shipping in the fourth quarter. Of course, that could change based on availability of the ASICs and a requalification and so forth, but that is my expectation at this point.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Then as a follow-up on the gross margin side of things, you talked about the mix and how that falls into play. Is there any reason to think things won't be symmetrical and that Military going down, and ASICs up in the third quarter, is what's leading your gross margin to go down by 1.5 points or so in the fourth quarter? Those 2 things reverse themselves. You're thinking about it symetrically the right way or are there other variables we should consider?
Ronald Pasek: So I think it's hard to say it's going to be perfectly symmetrical. Again, I gave guidance on what I think will happen directionally for gross margin in Q4. But as you know, we're not giving the top line. So at this point, what we see is a rebound. Will it be perfectly symmetrical, really difficult to say. I can see pieces of it but again, the whole entire mix is not completely clear. So it will rebound, I am sure of that and whether it's symmetrical, I'm not so sure of that.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just had one quick follow-up. So the decline in Military business is not share losses, just the lumpiness of the business, right?
John Daane: Yes. As far as I can tell at this point, yes. I mean, there's nothing that we're losing that's going to a competitor for a new system or a new design. These are just programs and timing of the purchase of the programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sujee De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: Can you give me an idea of when 28-nm becomes a more reportable percent of revenues, perhaps kind of 5%, the timeframe?
John Daane: I cannot give you specific forecast on percentages. We've stayed away from doing that in the past. I think, as you typically see prototype activity early, and then by the time you see customer start to build the systems and go into some early deployment and you get enough customers that are buying product, it typically starts to ramp. What you really see is the products peak about after years 4 and 5, probably between 1 year to 1.5 years from initial deployment is where you see it becoming meaningful. I think we're starting to ship some volume in Q3, and we'll probably start to give you some specific figures to start with because we've typically done that with every family, so that you can track the rough revenue of each family for Altera.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: Okay, great. That color helps. And then a quick follow up. You shied away, Ron, from talking about the R&D progression into 2012. But is it safe to say the second half of this year is a more intensive product rollout period than what we should expect in the first half of '12 on a relative basis?
Ronald Pasek: So you're equating R&D spending with product activity?
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: To some extent, I guess, yes.
Ronald Pasek: I think the first half of next year you'll still see quite a bit of mass in wafer activity, yes.
Operator: And we'll take that question from Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: A quick follow-up, John or Ron. The benefit from ASIC replacement that you're seeing in Q3, was there any element of that present in Q2 at all or not really?
John Daane: Very, very little.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: Okay, so less than a percent in your opinion?
John Daane: It was not meaningful either to the top line or to the gross margin line or anything.
Scott Wylie: And as we wrap up today, in terms of conferences this quarter, we will participate in the Citigroup Annual Technology Conference in New York on September 7. This concludes Altera's Earnings Conference Call, and thanks for your interest and participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Otellini - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee R. Sellers - Vice President of Finance and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Avik Bhattacharyya Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1 2011 Intel Corporation's Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chastity, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, VP of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
R. Sellers: Thank you, Chastity, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earning release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they're currently available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll follow our normal practice by hearing brief prepared remarks from both Paul and Stacy, after which we'll be happy to take questions. By way of announcement, Intel will be hosting our Annual Investor Day at our headquarters here in Santa Clara on Tuesday, May 17, 2011, and we look forward to seeing many of you there.  Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  Also if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will be posting the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com.  So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. I am very pleased to report another record revenue quarter for the company. As anticipated, consumer demand in the U.S. and Western Europe was soft, but consumer sales and emerging markets, and demand for both enterprise servers and clients were better than expected.  The combination of a feature-led product segmentation strategy and a simplified branding structure has been very effective in improving the purchasing process for buyers, and leading us to achieve our best product mix in many years. Additionally, the rapid recovery from Cougar Point chipset issues earlier in the quarter enabled a much faster ramp of Sandy Bridge products than we anticipated in January.  With regards to the tragic events in Japan, I want to first comment that all of our employees and their families are safe, for which we are very grateful. We did sustain some damage to our sales and marketing offices in Japan, but nothing major that would hinder our ability to service our customers. Our team on the ground is actively participating in relief efforts and we are deploying our technology to help connect families that have been dislocated by the earthquake and tsunami.  As for our business, I want to note that we did not see any unusual changes or fluctuations to our backlog after the earthquake, nor do we anticipate any major disruptions to our supply lines moving forward.  Aggregate inventory levels of the PC supply chain remained healthy and well within normal operating ranges as we enter Q2. In Q1, our customers replenished approximately half of the inventory that was depleted in Q4 primarily with new Sandy Bridge-based products. Compared to the first quarter of last year, which was a very good quarter for us, we achieved double-digit growth across every major product segment, and across every region in the world.  Revenue for the Data Center business was up 32% from a year ago, with operating profit improving nearly 50%. Our other businesses also showed solid growth. The Embedded business was up 33%, NAND flash was up 17%. And I'm pleased to note that 1 of our new business areas, the Digital Home Group, grew 129% from last year and is now shipping at a rate of over 10,000 units per day into set-top boxes and smart TVs.  Our PC Client business remains strong and grew 17% from last year. What we are witnessing is an explosion of computing devices that connect to the Internet, and Intel is a big part of this trend. We not only participate through selling our products into these device categories, but we also profit from the wide array of products that we sell in the build out of the data center capacity required to serve all of these devices.  Turning to the Data Center Group specifically, the first quarter was another very strong quarter. DCG recorded Q1 revenue of $2.5 billion, putting us on a trajectory to reach $10 billion in revenue for this year across our server, storage and networking products. The cloud build out continues to be a major driver of growth for the company, with demand from China showing notable strength this quarter.  Within the Data Center Group, the Storage business increased 45% sequentially and was up 65% from a year ago. During the quarter, we launched Sandy Bridge Xeon platforms for the single socket market, and early demand for this product has been very strong.  Looking ahead, we are very bullish about our Data Center business and expect it to be a major growth driver for years to come. This past quarter, we also launched Sandy Bridge for client PCs. As I stated before, I believe that this is the very best product Intel has ever delivered to our customers. Early demand for Sandy Bridge has been outstanding. In fact, the ramp of Sandy Bridge in the channel is the fastest ramp we've ever seen, and sell through has been robust. The reviews of Sandy Bridge have been outstanding and we expect the ramp to continue on a very sharp growth trajectory.  We also launched Oak Trail just last week, which is a platform designed specifically for tablets. We are seeing very good design momentum with Oak Trail across multiple operating systems. Over the course of this year, Intel will have tablet platforms that run Windows, Android and MeeGo.  We remain committed to success in the Smartphone segment, and we're actively working with a large number of handset manufacturers and carriers around the world on met field-based designs.  Overall, we begin 2011 with great momentum. We've added McAfee and the Wireless Division of Infineon to our portfolio, and have ambitious plans for both acquisitions going forward. We are investing and developing new products for phones and tablets, and are turning our advantages in Moore's Law and computer technology into breakthrough products for these segments. All of our major product segments are growing, and these new segments are expected to add to that growth momentum.  We remain on track to begin production on our 22-nanometer silicon process technology by the end of this year. This revolutionary technology will further distance Intel from the competition across all segments of computing.  Let me make 2 final comments about demand and CapEx. Like many of you, I noted that some of the third-party research firms issued reduced forecasts for PCs in 2011. I want to be clear that our views differ from some of theirs. The PC business has evolved into a global industry that is approaching 400 million units this year.  While some channels like PCs sold through consumer retail outlets and mature markets have deep visibility, other channels, especially in emerging markets, are not well reflected in the forecast of third-party firms until shipments from Intel and its competitors have been reconciled.  Over the last 5 years, we have put considerable effort into improving our visibility with systems like just-in-time inventory hubs for our major customers, as well as realtime metrics to monitor sales through all of our worldwide channels. As a result, we were able to call the inflection in our business in Q1 of '09, as well as predicting 2010 growth to within 1 point of accuracy.  Our projections for PC segment growth in 2011 remain in the low double-digit range based on early sell-through strength we are seeing as we begin 2011 and the great reception to Sandy Bridge in both Consumer and Enterprise segments. And while it's too early to call 2012 with an improving global economy, we see no reason for growth to be materially different from what we see in 2011.  Secondly, we are increasing our forecast for CapEx spending this year. This reflects the widening of our process technology lead and the incremental opportunity that advantage will provide our business. The increased CapEx is focused on both 22- and 14-nanometer capabilities.  As we tailor our product plans to meet the needs of emerging notebook, tablet and phone usages, we see a need for more platform features to be integrated into the microprocessor, taking advantage of our leading edge silicon capability for power management, performance and smaller, lighter devices.  These are high ROI investments and will be the foundation for significant growth opportunities ahead. With that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Paul. The first quarter of 2011 had several significant milestones. It was a record quarter in terms of revenue and earnings per share. We closed both the McAfee and Infineon Wireless Division acquisitions. Our customers launched our Sandy Bridge platforms, our fastest ramping product in the company's history.  In addition, the company identified, fixed and recovered from the Cougar Point chipset design issue, completely mitigating the $300 million revenue impact that was originally forecasted. The factory network executed flawlessly, lowering throughput times and significantly increasing first quarter output of Cougar Point replacement parts, fully recovering to customer demand by the end of the quarter.  As a result of the acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division, we will be providing non-GAAP financial information in addition to GAAP for 2011 to provide additional visibility into the operational results of the company.  Excluding the impacts of deferred revenue write-down and associated costs, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and other acquisition-related accounting impacts, we achieved first quarter revenue of $12.9 billion, gross margin of 62% and earnings per share of $0.59. The rest of my comments will use GAAP financials unless otherwise called out.  The first quarter ended up significantly better than our expectations. From a market standpoint, strength in emerging markets and enterprise offset the weakness that we expected and saw in the mature market Consumer segment. We continue to benefit from the strength of our product lineup across servers and clients. The introduction of Sandy Bridge extended our leadership and resulted in an increase in average selling prices.  The third quarter of last year was the first time where our revenue exceeded $11 billion. Revenue for the first quarter of 2011 was $12.8 billion, up $1.4 billion from the fourth quarter, and up 25% year-on-year. The acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division contributed approximately $500 million of the $2.5 billion increase from a year ago.  Gross margin of $7.9 billion in the first quarter was a record, and the gross margin percentage was 61%. While gross margin benefited from higher average selling prices when compared to the fourth quarter, 22-nanometer start-up costs, higher unit costs, and the impact of the acquisitions brought gross margin down 3 points from the fourth quarter.  The Cougar Point impact to gross margin was approximately 3 points, consistent with the impact to the fourth quarter. R&D and MG&A, as a percent of revenue, dropped to 28.7%. Our plan for 2011 is to sustain the progress we've made in our productivity and our efficiency, while making some critical R&D investments in the core business and adjacencies such as tablets and phones, and software capability and in process technology.  Operating profit of $4.2 billion in the first quarter was up 21% year-on-year. Net income of $3.2 billion and earnings per share of $0.56 were up 29% and 30%, respectively, when compared to a year ago. Our philosophy of both investing in our business and returning cash to our shareholders was evident in the first quarter as we completed the acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division, increased our capital spending, completed a $4 billion buyback and increased our dividend per share by 15%. The cash generation of our business remains strong with cash flow from operations of $4 billion in the first quarter.  As we look forward to the second quarter of 2011, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $12.8 billion, flat to the first quarter and in line with historical seasonality. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be flat to the first quarter at 61%. The first quarter was a great start to 2011 and puts us on track to exceed our financial goals for the year. Seasonal growth from the first quarter puts us on the path towards another year of double-digit unit growth, and revenue growth in excess of 20% after the 24% growth we saw last year.  We are making some critical investments in our business, both in terms of research and development and in taking advantage of our process technology leadership. The cash generation of our business remains strong and the first quarter results put us on track to another year of double-digit earnings growth.  With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin.
R. Sellers: Okay. Thanks both Stacy and Paul. We'll now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] So Chastity, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: First question is maybe just helping us understand the emerging markets for Intel, how big it is? And maybe, Paul, some of the characteristics of that market that are different and are sustaining the growth that we're not seeing elsewhere.
Stacy Smith: Yes, actually, let me take a shot, and just give you a -- I think we've talked about this before, Glen. This is Stacy. The emerging markets now are well over 50% of our total business level. And I think the dynamic that's going on there is really one of economics. The desirability of technology is high and the affordability of technology is now coming into the range where when we look across markets like China, Latin America, Eastern Europe, you've got a couple of billion consumers that now the price point of a PC is within 1 to 2 months of income and it's really driving our growth, and penetration rates are still pretty low. So we think this is something that has legs and will drive our growth into the future.
Paul Otellini: And in terms of characteristics, Glen, I just point out that my comment on the channel strength for Sandy Bridge is principally emerging markets. Most -- something like 1/3 of all the PCs sold in emerging markets are not branded machines, their white boxes built by the channel through our distribution network worldwide. We saw strength on Sandy Bridge and even strengthened the Desktop business, which we haven't seen for some time based upon that product in those markets. And of course, those markets are still surging in terms of purchasing notebooks. It's not a low-end mix, I'd also add. It's a pretty average mix of products on a worldwide basis.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: As a follow-up, I wanted to ask something about 22-nanometer. Paul, you used the word revolutionary and I've heard people at Intel use that before with respect to 22. So I'm wondering if you can shed some light on what that exactly that means. And then as part of the response, with $10.2 billion in CapEx, which is ostensively almost all geared towards 22-nanometer, is it really Intel putting their money where their revolutionary mouth is? Or is it really the money because you're trying to manage the absolute amount of capacity that you have?
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy. I'll start with the second part of that, and then turn it back over to Paul. The CapEx number for us is really driven by a couple of things. It's driven by the unit growth and the mix that we're seeing and it protects our ability to meet demand at 22 and 14 nanometer. You didn't say 14 nanometer, but that's an important part of this story. And it enables our strategy to integrate more features and functionality on to that leading-edge process technology, which as Paul said in his prepared remarks it gives us performance, cost and power efficiency advantages. Let me give you an example. Probably the biggest single chunk that's happening inside of this increase in CapEx is the fact that we've made the decision that for the development fab for 14 nanometer, we're going to make that fab bigger. That gives us the ability to actually, at the early stage of the ramp, move more products to 14 nanometer, take advantage of that process technology leadership, ramp it faster. So we're going to spend some construction dollars today to have that capability in place of 14 nanometer. But over the 14-nanometer life, it should save us money by going faster on that first factory. So those are the kinds of things that we're doing to both protect the ability to respond to demand, and also make sure that we have the transistors available on the leading edge to give us the competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Paul Otellini: On the revolutionary comment, you're right. You picked that up, Glen. I actually thought I was at the first 1 at Intel to use that, so. I thought I’d embargo [indiscernible] a few times already. Well, it's not inaccurate, but I'm afraid it's only meant to be a teaser today. We'll be disclosing that technology in early May before the Analyst Meeting. We're having a separate press event around that. And I think when you hear that announcement, you'll understand why this phrase is appropriate.
Paul Otellini: Look forward to it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: I was wondering, Stacy, if you might have been able to just give us some sense of how you're thinking about the shape of the year for the acquisitions in terms of I think you said you outlined that you expect McAfee and IFX to double sequentially, but how would we think about seasonality there? And I was wondering on a broader level, how we should think about any of the seasonal trends for the second half of the year given all the different puts and takes on data center and emerging market growth?
Stacy Smith: Sure. I'll be happy to do that. And by the way I understand this is your last call, so I think as a thank you for your years of following us, we'll let you ask a multipart question. We'll give you extra time to do that.
Paul Otellini: We were a little disappointed. We thought you'll give us a 7-parter, Tim.
Stacy Smith: You can think of another part to this, if you want. In terms of McAfee and Infineon, we closed Infineon at the end of January. We closed McAfee at the end of February. The combination of those 2 acquisitions added $0.5 billion of revenue to Q1. And based on having a full quarter in Q2, they should add another $0.5 billion in Q2. In terms -- so now let me help you a little bit with Q2 map, because you've got a couple of offsets. You got this incremental $0.5 billion for McAfee and Infineon. It's offset by the fact that we don't have the 14th week, those are roughly in line with each other. And so when you net those out, what you see is Q2's kind of flat on an ongoing business basis to Q1, which is in line with seasonal patterns we've seen over the last 5 years. Going into the second half of the year, I'm not going to get as discrete as providing a forecast for each quarter, but we're not seeing anything that would cause it to be a different year. We see through all kinds of economic climates. The second half of the year tends to be 2 to 3 points higher than the first half in terms of revenue. That's consistent with our expectations as we work through the year.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Maybe just as a follow-up then, given the focus of investors on the tablet and smartphone side, you've obviously mean making some changes in your team associated with smartphones, there's a lot of product ramp in tablets. What do we see as the key milestones, for example, with respect to Computex, et cetera for these 2 areas?
Paul Otellini: Well, you'll see quite a bit of tablet demonstration to Computex. If you notice what we did at IDF in Beijing last week, that was -- there were a lot of tablet-centric announcements there around MeeGo and Windows and Android. And so we're heads down on a number of designs on tablets on all 3 of those operating systems where we see the Android code, Honeycomb version of Android source code from Google, and we're actively doing the port on that and expect to be able to ramp those machines over the course of this year for a number of customers. In terms of phones, obviously, we lost Nokia, which took a lot of wind out of the sales for phones this year. We've redirected those resources onto a number of other major accounts, focusing on carriers who want their own devices and also on handset manufacturers. They're all based on Medfield, which is, I think, still the first 32-nanometer phone apps processor in the industry. And quite frankly, the limit in terms of them getting to market is going to be the interoperability testing of the networks at this point in time. So I think I would be very disappointed if you didn't see Intel-based phones for sale 12 months from now.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Paul, question on the emerging markets and each time I put out the over-under shipment, I hear back from your on-the-ball IR team about how that number is not being counted by the IDCs and the Gartner's of the world. But what -- for the total PC market, what is the percent that these third-party companies are missing?
Paul Otellini: What is the percent they're missing?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Off the total PC market. Because the PC data from first quarter...
Paul Otellini: They're all over the map. Right now, Gartner's at 11% for the year and IDC, I think, is at 6% or 7%. And I gave you our number, which is the low-double digits. So there are some that we agree with and some that don't. And I think as normally happens when we release our results and when our competition releases theirs and they integrate all the data, they revise the forecasts.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That's fair. And then I had a follow-up, please. The follow-up would be on the met field, Paul, what are some of the key metrics that are working -- that are getting the engagements with the key customers? Is it a combination of met field being on MeeGo as they open-source? Or as where people can differentiate? Or is it just the fact that you have been able to bring down Medfield performance down to the competitive arm architecture?
Paul Otellini: It's both. It's both. Early customer activity is on Android and on MeeGo. And we've got ports on both those operating systems. The product is very good in terms of performance, particularly in the area for media, so high depth video replay, that kind of thing on phones. And the power is right smack dab in the envelope you want it to be.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Paul, let me just begin a little bit on the Data Center Group. You called out storage of $0.45 sequentially. Can you talk about what's going on within the other subsegments of DCG, like IP -- for the IP Data Centers, Enterprise, Network and Service? So if you can, just tell us what's going on there. And we've seen this group grow significantly, faster than one would think servers are growing in terms of units. Can you talk about the trends of multiprocessor servers as kind of what may be driving these ASPs, just so that we can get a comfort as to what the longer-term growth would be?
Paul Otellini: Sure, sure, Uche. First of all, we recognized this group has had pretty phenomenal growth across all of its various product groups. So what we've decided to do for the Analyst Meeting is do a deep dive for all of you guys and we'll do a full, if you will, keynote session on that, breaking out all the detail on how we see the server market, the market for Xeon-class devices today and tomorrow. But if you look at traditional servers, you're right. We're outgrowing the traditional enterprise server market by a factor of 2 or 3. And as we look forward, by 2014 for example, we think half of the market for Xeon is high-performance computing and cloud. That's a dramatic change from 80% of the market being enterprise servers just a couple of years ago. So when you look at the rate of growth of HPC, of clouds, of the nominal growth in servers, and then the conversion of other parts of the data center, that is networking equipment and storage, from proprietary designs principally now to fundamentally Intel-based designs, you see an aggregate growth rate that is really representative of, I think, all the growth in the Internet. And all these devices connect to these servers or these network machines 1 way or another. And this is where we're benefiting quite well. So you see -- on 1 side you watch the growth of tablets and smartphones. This is where the rubber hits the road for those devices is in data centers around the world.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks for that. Great, thanks for that. Let me just ask you on the Moore's Law transition you're making now from 22 to 14. I don't know if I should read that as being slightly more aggressive than what we think is a typical ratio as you go from 32 to 22 or from 45 to 32. Is there anything that -- I know Glen asked this earlier when you talked about things being revolutionary at 22. But what is driving the speed now in terms of moving to 14? And in terms of what you're able to do at 14 vis-a-vis say 22 or 32, can you give us any idea as to what comes in here? I mean you talked about having mixed signals capabilities and all that. Is there anything else you can tell us, A as to what's driving this speed, and then also what we should expect?
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy. So I'm going to punt on the capability part of that question for another few weeks. You'll see that when we do our disclosures around 22 nanometer and really start to talk about some of the secret sauce that's going to come out in that technology, so that will carry it forward into 14. In terms of the speed, we're still on a 2-year cadence. So that hasn't changed. That is our Moore's Law cadence, and we're driving that faster than anybody else in the industry. So even at that 2-year cadence, we're extending our leadership over others. What we're realizing, though, is that competitive advantage is becoming more and more important to us. And we're getting -- we've always gotten paid for it in terms of cost. We're now also getting paid for it in terms of differentiating our product line and getting paid in pricing. And so at an economical, where you can see it in our results over the last 6 or 7 quarters, as we have extended our leadership, our products have extended over the rest of the industry, we've segmented our product line and we're getting paid in a new way for that process technology leadership. As we get out to 22 nanometer, as we get out to 14 nanometer, what you're going to see is we're going to bring capabilities to the process technology more quickly than we have historically. And so we'll intercept 22 nanometer with our smartphone roadmap, with our netbook roadmap earlier in the technology, we'll ramp our core business more quickly so we get into these kind of square wave transitions. And then get paid for that performance and cost by having the leadership over the rest of the industry.
R. Sellers: Uche, let's hold it to 1 follow-up. We've got a lot of people in the queue. Thanks, we'll move on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, can you just talk about where utilization rates are now and where you expect them to go in the second half of the year? And how much capacity you're adding? And could we run into some actual shortages coming up here?
Stacy Smith: Could we run into some shortages? We're running I'd call it in the healthy range of utilization. So as we said before, not too hot, not too cold. Certainly on the chipset side of the business as we had responded to the Cougar Point issue, we ramped very quickly there. But I'd say in general, we're not anticipating shortages. And I think we have the ability to respond. If demand ends up being hotter, we can put the capacity in place. And frankly, if we end up in a situation where demand ends up being less, I think you saw in 2009, we now have the tools to respond very quickly to that kind of environment. So I think we can respond to both sides of that equation as we get into the second half and into 2012.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. And as my follow-up, you guys did a good job of explaining the differences between sort of your PC forecast and the third party. It seems as though perhaps some of you're OEM customers have a little bit more of a tempered forecast on PCs versus you. Maybe you could take a shot at explaining that? Is that maybe on the storage side? Or what would be the differences there in your opinion?
Stacy Smith: PC on the storage side, I'm not sure I understood the question, Chris.
Paul Otellini: I don't think we want to get into characterizing various specific customers, Chris. Some of them have their own issues. But let me just say that I think that those who are more enterprise-centric than those who are focused on consumer markets, particularly in Western Europe and the U.S., are seeing numbers that are closer to ours than closer to what yours were.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, thanks.
Stacy Smith: The elephant looks very different depending on which part you're looking at. If it's an emerging market part, it looks pretty good. If it's mature market Europe, it looks tough.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you give us an idea of what percent of microprocessor sales Sandy Bridge made up of in the March quarter, and what this percent might be in the June quarter?
Paul Otellini: I don't think we want to get into that level of granularity, David. I can tell you that unit shipments on Sandy Bridge will more than double from Q1 to Q2. And it is our fastest ramp ever for new processor family. And you'll see it move from the high-end throughout, sprinkling down through all of our products families over the course of the year. It's a very, very rapid ramp.
Stacy Smith: And just to give you 1 other tidbit to give you a flavor, more than 50% of my CPU inventory now is Sandy Bridge. So you can -- that kind of gives you a sense of how fast we're replacing the older generation products with Sandy Bridge. And gives you a good indication of what things will look like over the next couple of quarters.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And for my follow-up. Stacy, in your online comments, CFO comments, you have for your gross margin puts and takes, a hit of 1 percentage point from higher platform unit costs and another 0.5% from lower ASPs for the second quarter. Does Sandy Bridge have a higher platform cost and a lower ASP? Or is there something else happening here on top of the ramp of Sandy Bridge?
Stacy Smith: No, it's something else. So as you do the walk from Q1 to Q2, I'll just take you through the full walk. So obviously, we got 3 points of benefit because we don't repeat the Cougar Point impact that's in Q1. We see about 1.5, then it offsets that because it will be the peak quarter in terms of our startup cost. If you think about the trends we've shown you over the years, Q2 is where -- Q2 of an odd-number of years is where those startup costs will peak and then they come down. There's about a point as you pointed out in unit costs. There's really 2 things driving that. 1 is that we're seeing a little bit of an increase in some of our component costs, so think of substrates made in Japan where our supply lines got a little bit tight. So we're seeing a little bit of a pricing impact on those kinds of things. And then we're also again as a result of what happened with Cougar Point, we pulled in the ramp of our China factory pretty significantly. And so what you see is more chipsets coming out of a new factory that's ramping, and that's driving my weighted average cost up a little bit in Q2. And in the ASP pieces, and I realize I have a little bit of a credibility issue on forecasting ASP right now given it was up again in Q1, but we had a very rich mix in Q1. As Paul pointed out, the way Sandy Bridge ramped was at the higher parts of the pricing stack first. Over the course of Q2, we'll see Sandy Bridge flavors across a much more representative series of price points. And I'd expect the Q2 mix to come down a bit and be more in line with what we would normally expect. It's not huge, it's 0.5 point of gross margin. But it does come down a little bit.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Paul, on the corporate side, obviously, demand has been very strong. Just wondering what's driving that. Is it just the Windows 7 upgrade cycle? And if so, where do you think we are in that upgrade cycle?
Paul Otellini: I assume you mean corporate PCs, Srini. We're seeing -- obviously on the corporate side, we're seeing good growth in the data center. Yes, on the -- we saw, I think I said that sort of mid-last year, we started seeing the enterprise market start to recover from the recession timeframe. And the most recent data we have is that something like 75% of enterprise PCs are still running Win XP. And so if you think about a 3 to 4 year refresh cycle, we're probably not even halfway through that cycle yet. And I think that the adoption of Win7 seems to be pretty strong and the combination of the Win7 SKUs with Sandy Bridge as we look forward into Q2 and Q3 look really good from our customers' perspective.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And maybe for Stacy, on the start buybacks, looks like you were pretty aggressive in Q1. And given the strong cash flow, and also you ruled out larger acquisitions pretty much. Is this something we should expect going forward in these kind of buyback rates?
Stacy Smith: Well, we've articulated the priorities in terms of how we -- our cash priorities as first investing in our business. Second, the dividends. Third, using the buyback to return cash to shareholders and bring down the cash levels. I think you see that we've been very aggressive in terms of all of those in Q1. You do have to keep in mind we have brought down the cash balances quite a bit. But you could temper that by pointing to the fact that in the first quarter, we announced that the board authorized an incremental $10 billion of buyback and we're kind of just at the beginning of that authorization.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm sorry to come back to this, but if I think about this third-party data situation that we're talking about, even if I assume a 5% ASP increase for the quarter, you guys would have out-shipped PC clients by 20% relative to the third-party data. So the idea that the third-party data is kind of off by 20% and if that's the case, we haven't seen that kind of discrepancy up until now between your data and the third-party data. So what's making that data more wrong this quarter than previous quarters?
Stacy Smith: I think what that analysis misses, Jim, is how much inventory levels came down in the fourth quarter. If you remember in the fourth quarter, we were significantly worse than seasonal, and what we saw in the fourth quarter was a significant bleeding off of inventory, some of which we believe was in anticipation of us bringing out Sandy Bridge. And so component inventories came down, you saw a little bit of a refill of those component inventories in the first quarter. So the amount that it came down, probably half of that went back in, which would be us being above seasonal. When we go out and do our looks across the channel, we see inventory levels being healthy. And I think it really points to the robustness of the supply chain. The people who make motherboards for notebooks brought their builds down. We saw some older generation inventory bleed up. It looks like they're starting to ramp up now they get into the back-to-school season.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess if I could just ask my follow-up on that then, that's a little bit different than the idea that just the third party data's wrong. Is it that the third-party data is just really off and that's why the third-party data is so different from your shipments? Or is it that the supply chain drew down a whole bunch of stuff and it kind of rebuilt it during the quarter, which is pretty reasonable?
Paul Otellini: Well, let me back up, Jim. The comments that I made relative to third-party data and ours were on an annual basis, looking at year-over-year, trying to set the granularity for the year. And I didn't comment on the specific comments that were written up recently on Q1, it was x% down from Q4, x% down year-on-year. Because that looks at consumption, and what Stacy was talking about is our billings. And there is a bit of a difference there, at least in the ramp up for Sandy Bridge. So really, it's apples and oranges. And I think what our experience is that on an annual basis, the numbers are closer. Our numbers are closer than theirs together. It's closer together. And that they correct over the course of the year to be aligned. You saw that happen last year as we were predicting 17%, 18% all year long, the numbers were all much lower than that. Then they came back in line as we got to the fourth quarter.
Stacy Smith: Jim, I left out 1 piece as you think about Q1. So what Paul said is exactly right. When I talk about Q1 and we're talking about the supply line impact, you also can't lose sight of the fact that for us, Q1 was a 14-week quarter. That's a piece of our shipment numbers relative to what you may be seeing from other data sources.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Question on the foundry strategy. There's a lot of flux going on in the foundry world and I think TIs and some other OEMs are going away from the Korean, the giant. What part of the incremental CapEx is part of a strategy that you may have there that you've been not talking up and will you talk about that over the next several quarters?
Stacy Smith: It's not a driver of our CapEx. We are interested in talking to some very specialized companies in terms of doing foundry things. We are not building a broad-based Foundry business and it's not driving our CapEx number.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, then. If I could follow-up, in terms of your next generation process nodes or the next couple, do you expect your performance specs or your transistor performance to continue to lead or expand the leadership that it's had over the past several nodes?
Paul Otellini: Yes. We don't see any abatement in that trend of transistor performance, and that news you'll year in detail in a couple of weeks.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Avik Bhattacharyya with Bank of America.
Avik Bhattacharyya: Paul, a question on the Server and the Data Center business, obviously, very strong this quarter. Can you give us a sense of the mix between MP and DP servers? How is the transition progress towards Westmere-X, and just in general, what's your assessment of the competition?
Paul Otellini: After we'd launched the new MP server chips, the mix came up a little bit. We're seeing a pretty robust growth in BP as well. A lot of the Internet data center growth is BP machines in some of those configurations. On the other hand, some of our largest IDC customers are using the biggest, beefiest parts we have. So it really is different. I haven't seen this ship dramatically in the last couple of years. There's just a nice consistent mix of DP versus MP. But the capability of all the devices really is stunning. The amount of compute power that we're delivering per core now is really what is delivering a lot of the value in a very power-efficient envelope. So the ROI on upgrading from old to new servers is really what is compelling both for enterprise and data center -- enterprise and Internet Data Center.
R. Sellers: Avik, this is Kevin. I would add because we made this public, too. What we have seen across UP, DP and MP has been a mix shift within those categories, so sort of Paul's point. That has been 1 of the drivers of the revenue growth is because the ROI is so good, we're finding the Data Center group -- or sorry the Data Center providers, what they're doing is they're buying up in that stack for the ROI. So that's been a big driver. To the higher bin split.
Stacy Smith: A good example of that was this quarter we brought out UP versions of Sandy Bridge and that caused a pop up in that segment of our business.
Avik Bhattacharyya: And as a follow-up, I think it's obvious that -- 1 investor question has been when will we start to see Intel make more tangible progress on the mobile side? And the question there is that first, when will we start to see that progress? What kind of metric should we track? And conceptually, what do you think will be x 86, the architectures differentiation versus the established on ecosystem, a lot of very strong players like QUALCOMM, DI, NVIDIA and others?
Paul Otellini: Well, I'm not going to give you more granularity on Mobile than I gave already in the earlier answer, Avik, so sorry to disappoint you there. Watch those things as they come out. Our customers will announce the design wins when they are through their interoperability testing or entering it when it becomes visible. And I don't want to add more to that. In terms of x86 versus ARM, it is not just about the core as much as we would like it to be, and I guess as much as the ARM guys would like it to be. It's about the core, the overall capability of the system on Chip, the things you put around it, the graphics, the com subsystems, the media processing subsystems and the overall power envelope relative to the performance that you can deliver of the SoC. So the Intel advantage that we see going forward is the combination of very robust computer architecture that can scale, the ability to bring on very high performance graphics and media processing, and now a wide array of comps architectures that we can bring in, and taking advantage of the world's best silicon. When you add those together, I think it gives us a very strong value proposition in this market. I'd also point out that all of the major operating systems in phones and smartphones are written at a high-level such as they're cross-platform and portable. And so it is easier for people to move from ARM to Intel or ARM to ARM than it has been in the past in the Windows.
Avik Bhattacharyya: That's great. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Paul, going back to your opening comments about weakness in consumer client for U.S. and Europe, what do you attribute that to? Do you think this is tablet cannibalization, poor macroeconomic, Win7 difficult compares? And I guess more importantly, do you think Sandy Bridge has enough brand recognition to drive a recovery in that market? Or how do we think about that for the balance of the year?
Paul Otellini: I think it's a little bit of everything, plus you mentioned Win7 saturation for consumers, the tablet things and macroeconomics. I think it's a little bit of each of those, John. But I'll add 1 more, which I think is a big one. Remember in 2009 in the first half of '10, during the depths of the recession, the consumer notebook market worldwide, particularly in the U.S. and Western Europe, was very strong and it was strong contrary to GDP at the time. Remember GDP was going south and consumer sales were going north. And I think what happened is that people bought a lot of machines in that timeframe and we're still just early in the cycle. So those machines are 1.5 years old or less. And so seeing a consumer refresh right now probably isn't, on average, what you're going to see in mature markets. Because this is not like emerging markets where people are buying their first machine. This is a mature environment where people are buying a new machine when they decide that they need to upgrade or whatever. Now clearly some tablet cannibalization is impacting that, but I think the bigger 1 is that macroeconomics and the prior cycle.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: And, Paul, as my follow-up. Talking about the enterprise client market, that's been a relatively strong market. If you had to characterize what inning you thought we were in for the enterprise upgrade, what would you say it? And I guess at what point do we have to start worrying about that refresh being done?
Paul Otellini: Top of the fourth, 3 on, no outs.
Stacy Smith: A baseball fan.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Perfect. Thank you.
Paul Otellini: We're less than halfway through.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: In terms of the Client business, I was wondering if you could give us a flavor of what your units did sequentially parsing out between desktop and notebook growth sequentially. And what your outlook is for Q2?
Stacy Smith: Certainly not at the level of granularity you're asking the question, but I can give you a sense. From the standpoint of client shipments, you'd say slightly above seasonal, once you net out the 14th week. And again, it comes back to my answer to Jim Covello's question, which is what we saw was an inventory burn in Q4, and a partial refilling in Q1. And that led to units being slightly above seasonal. Going into Q2, you kind of net out the impact of a full quarter of acquisitions with the lack of the 14th week, and you'd say Q2 looks pretty seasonal.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: And then given the CapEx growth that you're seeing, I was wondering if you can give us a sense of what you expect your total wafer production globally to grow in calendar '11, calendar '12. Is it consistent with your PC outlook, or is it something that's different from that?
Stacy Smith: Wafers, over time, in generation will grow a little bit faster than the TAM because of the phenomena where I said we're moving more capabilities to end. And so -- and then I think your follow-up question to that should be, "So okay, what happens if we get that wrong?" If we're wrong on the demand, how do we respond to the market? And I point back to what -- the capability we have to very quickly roll forward capacity from 1 generation to the next. And I think you saw that from us in 2009 when the bottom fell out of the market, we were able to bring our CapEx number way down, offset over half of the 32-nanometer investment by repurposing equipment we'd already purchased for 45 nanometer. So if we overestimate, we can respond within a couple of quarters and get gross margins back up into the healthy range pretty quickly. The flipside is if we underestimate, it takes us 2 years to recover. And that's a devastating financial impact on us. So we look at this as being a pretty -- it's a high ROI investment for us, and we have the tools to modulate it, if it comes to that.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Carris and Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Paul, are you expecting any change in the developed country PC outlook in the low double-digit PC growth that you have for this year or next?
Paul Otellini: In the developed -- in the mature markets?
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Yes.
Paul Otellini: I don't think it has to happen. Our forecast that we're building the year around assumes that we have a seasonal year from the point we're out in Q1. So it doesn't assume that there's a big change at this point in time. Could we handle 1 on the upside? Absolutely. But we don't need this -- we aren't building that into our numbers.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay, that's helpful. And then the follow-up. In the past, you've sometimes quantified the number of tablet design wins that the company has. Can you be specific in that regard? And related to that, is there a particular OS flavor, whether it's MeeGo, Android, or Windows, where you think you'll be particularly successful, at least with your initial wave of launches?
Paul Otellini: I don't have an update, simply because I didn't hear the final number from IDF, and we'll do another number count at Computex. Actually, we'll do another number count on May 17 for the Analyst Meeting -- it's 35 or so. It's in that range, it hasn't changed. My sense is the bulk of the unit, the SKUs this year will be Android.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Great. Good luck with it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: First question, Stacy. Your comment on the unit cost in Q2 going up because of substrates and the pull-in in the ramp of the China factory. Is that transient relative to the chart you put up at your Analyst Day? Where you expecting a bump down initially in Q2, and then a bigger bump down in Q3? How does that chart change?
Stacy Smith: Q2 is clearly elevated from what I put up in the Analyst Day, and then you'll see a pretty rapid decline back towards trend over Q3 and Q4. And you can kind of see that, I mean if you look at just gross margin trend, we're 61 61. This is on a GAAP basis. The annual number is 63. And so that would suggest that the second half is back up towards the mid-60s, 65%. And you got a couple of tailwinds there, 1 is the abatement of startup cost. We start on the trend where they start falling off stream in Q3, and our costs get a little bit better as we go into the second half of this year consistent with what I showed at the Investor Meeting.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: And then my follow-up question was in startup costs. So it was a 1.5 impact in Q1, and then a similar impact in Q2. I guess my question is, is the impact a little similar in Q2 because it was lower in Q1? Because again, I think the profile was up in Q1 and Q2 per your initial expectations, but I thought that the increase into Q2 was going to be more modest relative to Q1, if my facts in the Analyst Day chart are correct.
Stacy Smith: Yes, I'm trying to triangulate it in my head. It hasn't changed for the year. When I started the year, I was expecting to be about 3 points. It's still about 3 points on the year. So yes, I think what you're seeing is it was a little less in Q1, a little more in Q2. And then it starts coming down. You can see it's down 1.5 by the time we get to Q2. A little higher in Q1, and yes, so what you said was correct.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: Okay, thanks, Stacy.
R. Sellers: Thanks, Sumit. And thanks, everyone, for joining our call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the second quarter of 2011 will begin at the close of business on Friday, June 3. And our second quarter earnings conference call scheduled for Wednesday, July 20, 2011. Thank you all, and goodnight.
Operator: Thank you for your participation for today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-13 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Sellers – VP, Finance and Director, IR Paul Otellini – President and CEO Stacy Smith – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Alex Gauna – JMP Securities Craig Ellis – Caris & Company Shawn Webster – Macquarie Mark Lipacis – Morgan Stanley Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus Patrick Wang – Wedbush Securities John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein Daniel Berenbaum – Auriga Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Romit Shah – Nomura Securities 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2010 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Marcello, and I'll be your coordinator for today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Kevin Sellers: Thank you, Marcello, and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they are currently available on our Investor website intc.com. I am joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will follow our normal practice by hearing brief prepared remarks from both Paul and Stacy after which we'll be happy to take questions. By way of announcement, Intel will be hosting our annual investor day at our headquarters here in Santa Clara, California, on Tuesday, May 17, 2011. We look forward to seeing many of you here. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website intc.com. So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. Our fourth quarter results represent the third consecutive record quarter for the Company and bring to a strong close the best year in Intel's history. Revenue was up 24% for the year, and we crossed over the $40 billion mark for the first time ever. We exceeded previous records for gross margin, operating income, and earnings per share as well. The PC market grew approximately 17% worldwide in 2010. Not only is the market expanding, but our customers and end users are embracing our performance leadership and purchasing a richer mix of our products, which led to a rise in our ASP in 2010. One of the notable standout performers in the fourth quarter was our Data Center Group. The world of PC, plus new emerging computing devices is increasing the demand for servers of all types. Our Data Center Group had yet another terrific quarter, with revenue up 15% sequentially and annual revenue up, a very strong 35%. So, what is driving this growth in servers and will it continue? Let me share with you some data that can help put the server market in perspective. In 2010, total traffic crossing the internet was roughly 245 exabytes. This is greater than all the previous years combined. Over the next five years a billion more people will join the global online community, with 15 billion new connected devices including PCs, smartphones, tablets, embedded devices and smart TVs. We estimate this will increase the data footprint across the Internet to over 1,000 exabytes, more people, more devices, more usages. This dynamic will require high-performing servers from Intel for years to come. It is not just servers. Intel continues to grow its presence in the Data Center with processors for storage systems and networking infrastructure, with plans to refresh the entire Xeon server product line in the first half of 2011. Intel is very well positioned to benefit from the growth of the Data Center and the build out of cloud computing. Next, I want to comment on our Atom business. The industry shipped around 37 million netbook units for the year, which represents a 20% growth rate. In 2011, Intel plans to bring some unique innovations to netbooks to keep the category growing, including increased feature sets in products for mature markets, and lower price points in emerging markets that will attract first-time buyers. But Atom is much more than netbooks. We exit 2010, with excellent momentum in our embedded business, with over 4,900 total design engagements and over 1,700 design wins for Embedded Atom devices. It's notable that nearly one half of all the Atom embedded design win activity is coming from China. I mentioned this momentum to highlight that the main drivers of our success with Atom in the embedded business segment are very applicable to the smartphone, tablet and consumer electronic market segments. Software comparability, performance, power and architectural consistency really matter to our customers, and the success we're having with Atom in the embedded segments is an excellent proof point of our value proposition. Many of the wins in this space are architectural conversions against ARM and MIPS. In 2011, you will also see Atom in a wider ray of tablets running three different operating systems, Windows, Android, and MeeGo. Seven of these tablets have been announced by their manufacturers with many more in the pipeline for rollout this year. In 2011, you will also see Atom processors appear in smartphones, operating at very competitive power levels with performance that will lead the industry, demonstrating Intel’s advantages in this most important category. Let me turn my focus for a minute to what’s ahead. In 2011 everything gets better. The economy is forecasted to improve, our product line refreshes from top to bottom and our addressable market expands. With the PC industry now shipping over 1 million units a day, we entered 2011 by launching the best microprocessor we have every built. As you are all aware, we introduced our Sandy Bridge processor family at CES last week. We think this ultimately will be as transformational to PCs as Nehalem been to servers. With over 500 design wins, our customers are embracing this product. When you get your hands on a Sandy Bridge PC, you will realize that this is more than just a very fast microprocessor. It’s a visually stunning computing experience. The combination of an improving economy and the best product line-up in our history, gives us confidence that we can grow our revenues by approximately 20% in 2011, and this forecast is before any contributions from the proposed acquisitions of the Infineon's Wireless Solutions division and McAfee. As we approach our 22-nanometer transition, we are increasing our investments in manufacturing to capture what we believe is a significant opportunity for growth. Stacy will walk you through more details in just in a moment, but in short the market opportunities for our 22-nanometer products are outstanding. As a result, we are growing from the model of three high volume leading-edge manufacturing fabs to four Our 22-nanometer process will be the foundation for growing PC and server segments, as well as a broad family of Atom-based SoCs, serving smartphones, tablets, smart TVs, and other embedded devices. Many of you have asked us questions about how we will compete with ARM in the new segments of mobile computing. Our answer is very simple. As we have done for decades in the traditional computing markets, we will apply the world's most advanced silicon transistor technology to these new segments to deliver the lowest power, highest performance, lowest cost products on the planet. When these chips are combined with our support for the world's leading mobile operating systems, our proven ability to create broad ecosystem support and our growing software capabilities, I'm confident we will be very successful in these segments. These investments are the strongest possible statement of our confidence in our business model and our growth opportunities, and will extend our technology advantage even further. With that, let me turn it over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Paul. I just want to clarify one thing real quick. We're all getting used to saying 2011 over 2010. Paul meant 10% revenue growth in 2011 over 2010 is the expectation that we're setting. So, 2010 was the most profitable year in our history, as the trends we discussed at the May Investor Meeting played out. The emerging markets, notebooks, and server demand, all exceeded 20% growth year-on-year. The consumer market, despite a mid-summer pause, driven by the European debt crisis, still grew at a mid-teens growth rate. All of these demand drivers led to an $8.5 billion increase in revenue to $43.6 billion, up 24% year-on-year and our best year ever. Our manufacturing process technology lead extended in 2010, enabling a next generation of leadership products, which drove higher average selling prices year-on-year. Our continued focus on factory reuse and efficiency drove cost down again in 2010 lifting gross margin to a record 66%. A noteworthy achievement is that as a result of the combination of our responsiveness of the downturn and our focus on factory productivity, we're able to offset almost half of the required capital investment at 32-nanometer through reuse of equipment. Spending as a percent of revenue dropped year-on-year to 29.5%. We also saw significant improvements in our NAND business. All of these things contributed to making 2010 our most profitable year ever. While revenue, gross margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share were all records, two metrics worth highlighting are that we achieved operating income of $15.9 billion, 32% higher than the next highest year and our best ever revenue per employee of 529,000. The fourth quarter was in line with our expectations and was a good finish to an outstanding year. We achieved record quarterly revenue of $11.5 billion despite continued softness in the consumer market segment. Demand was strong in the enterprise market, specifically for servers. The quarterly gross margin at 67.5% benefited from both lower inventory write-offs as we qualified the Sandy Bridge product line for sale, and slightly higher average selling prices due a richer mix of server products. Operating income was $4.3 billion, 38% of revenue. Net income of $3.4 billion and earnings per share of $0.59 were both records. The strength of our business can be seen in the balance sheet. Total cash investments ended the year at $21.5 billion, $1.2 billion higher than the third quarter and $7.6 billion higher than the end of 2009. For the year, we generated approximately $16.7 billion in cash from operations. We purchased $5.2 billion in capital assets, paid $3.5 billion in dividends, and repurchased $1.5 billion in stock. We returned over $5 billion of cash to shareholders in 2010. For the year, we increased the dividend by 12.5% and resumed stock repurchases in the fourth quarter. We also announced an incremental 15% increase in the dividend that will go into effect in 2011. Turning to 2011, we are planning on continued growth in our core businesses resulting in approximately 10% revenue growth. We are forecasting continued strong gross margins with the mid-point of our annual range at 65%. In support of expected strong unit growth in our core businesses and the movement of graphics transistors to our leading edge process technology, we're forecasting an increase in capital spending to $9 billion as we build and equip an incremental high volume manufacturing factory at 22-nanometer. We are also forecasting an increase of over $700 million in research and development investments as we look to extend our leadership in PCs and servers and design further generations of products to increase our offerings in adjacent market segments like smartphones and tablets. 2010 reinforced our view that the demand drivers that we talked about in May, emerging markets, notebooks, consumers and servers translate into significant revenue growth for Intel and that the work that we have done on our cost structure translates into exceptional financial results. As we move into 2011, we are planning for an even better year. As we start the year, the product line in our Core business is outstanding as Sandy Bridge ramps into the marketplace. Our cost will come down even more in 2011. Our manufacturing advantage will continue to extend, which coupled with our roadmap of low-power products will expand our participation in fast growing segments of the market for devices that compute and connect to the internet. With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin.
Kevin Sellers: Okay. Thanks, Stacy and Paul. We’ll now move to Q&A. We’d like to ask each participant to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, if you have one. So Marcello, we’ll now take our first questioner.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: I wanted to start by asking how you feel the OEM partnerships that you have are distinguishing between the roadmaps on the Sandy Bridge architecture from what you've got on Oak Trail and Atoms? I say that because I've noticed at CES you do have your first tablet win for Sandy Bridge on the Core i5 and I know you're moving ahead pretty aggressively on your process geometries.
Paul Otellini: At this point the only people I'm aware of using Sandy Bridge or Core processors in tablets are those focusing on Win 7 tablets. The design momentum that I've seen in Android and in MeeGo is focused more on kind of an iPad apps-centric model, applet-centric model. Those that are doing real Windows and one that have the Windows compatibility and the full Windows stack, there's a few of those like the one you mentioned and then also the Acer one with the two screens, which is sort of a tablet-laptop combo that are running Core-based products.
Alex Gauna – JMP Securities: A follow-up if I could. How are the Android developer partners you have differentiating between what they can do with the Atom or Oak Trail roadmap versus with the ARM-based systems?
Paul Otellini: Well, at the OS level there shouldn't be any difference. We should both run the same operating system, the same interfaces, the same access to the marketplace applications and so forth. Our value proposition is really twofold for the OEMs. One, we believe that we will offer higher performance in comparable battery life configurations, and number two, by designing an Atom-based tablet they have the opportunity to run multiple OS's on it, which is I think a unique value proposition with Intel at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: On the 10% growth for this year, can you provide us with some of the gives and takes you should think about parts of the portfolio that could do potentially better than that, and then what would be below the 10% line?
Stacy Smith: Yeah. I probably won't get to that level of specificity. I'll go back to what we said at the Investor Meeting in May. The drivers of our business right now are emerging markets. It's the consumer segment of the market. Then we're seeing a build out of that cloud infrastructure, which is driving our server results. I'll really highlight the emerging market piece of this because if I just look at the business it's 2 to 1 in terms of unit growth coming from emerging markets versus mature as we think out over the next several years. The dynamic that's going on there, it's a simple one of economics from my perspective. The price of technology has come down to the point that billions more people can afford that technology and that's highly desirable and if I may, I'll use China as the example. If you go back to the mid-90s, it was on average of 175 weeks of income for somebody to be able to afford a notebook computer. If you fast forward to 2010, it's now seven weeks of income in China on average for somebody to afford the computer, see a 1.4 billion people that where the price of computing is coming into a range that is affordable and it's a big deal to them, because it's how they move into the knowledge-based economy. So, that I think is the big driver of our business, and has been last few years. It's likely to be over the next several years.
Paul Otellini: If I could just tag onto that Stacy, Greg for planning purposes inside of our number set that we've, the 10% that we forecasted, we're assuming a low to mid-teens PC market growth rate in units.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: Paul this at low to mid-teens growth rate include tablets or exclude tablets?
Paul Otellini: Exclude.
Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: As a follow-up, as we think about the design wins that the Company has in tablets and we can certainly count numbers that are in the 10s to 20s, as we look at our own research. When do we hit the sweet spot of the ramp for Intel in 2011 for the tablet products that it'll be shipping into?
Paul Otellini: I think its operating system dependant. Unlike bringing up Sandy Bridge, we've got an installed base of PC software, right. It's just ready and able to take advantage of it. These things have to be tuned to their unique environments. So, from a launch perspective, the ones that have been and I'm not going to give you launch dates, but the ones that have been announced so far, are on Windows 7 and on Android and then in the second half of the year, you will see MeeGo. So, it really is a building momentum over the course of the year on all three operating systems.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Paul, can you share with us your thoughts, I guess longer term on capital intensity. The capital expenditure new guidance you gave as $9 billion at roughly 55% of your expected cost of goods sold or so is pretty high. Do you expect this to be a peak over this cycle or longer terms, because of the graphics and some of the other things you mentioned, do you expect it to be at a higher level than what we're used to seeing?
Stacy Smith: Let me first talk about what's driving the increase in capital and then, I'll end with a few words on capital intensity, if you'll allow that, Shawn. The primary driver of what's taking us from a three factory model, three high volume manufacturing models to four high volume manufacturing model is the unit growth that we've experienced over the last couple of years and that we expect going forward. I think you can really see how our business is growing when you look out what's happened over the last couple of years. In 2010 and with our focus for 2011, we're growing our revenues by $13 billion, that's more than a one-third growth versus where we were in 2008, where we were in 2009. So, you can see that businesses growth is a primary driver of what's taking us into a four factory model. Behind that what you are seeing as that we're being very aggressive of moving transistors to that leading-edge process technology and we do that, because we get paid for that process technology leadership. We get paid in terms of having lower costs. What was really striking in 2010, as we started the transition of graphics processors to that leading edge, we got paid in terms of the rising ASP because of the performance of the products. So, there is very high ROI for us that we are uniquely situated to take advantage of because of our process technology leadership. Those two things in conjunction take us from three to a four factory network.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: My follow-up then is, can you comment on Microsoft’s announcement last week in terms of them supporting their operating system on ARM. What’s your view on it and what are your responses?
Paul Otellini: I view it as being not a lot of new news and I can see positives and negatives for Intel in this announcement. Historically, Microsoft has only supported ARM in their phone OS and in their consumer electronics OS. So they have had ARM support for some time. In fact, in big Windows it had support for Alpha, PowerPC, MIPS and at one point ARM on the Vista program that they dropped. So this is nothing really new from that perspective. The plus for Intel is that, as they unify their operating systems, we now have the ability for the first time, one to have design from scratch, touch enabled operating system for tablets that runs on Intel that we don’t have today. Secondly, we have the ability to put our lowest power Intel processors running Windows 8 or next generation Windows into phones, because of the same OS stack and I look at that as an upside opportunity for us. On the downside there is a potential given that Office runs on this products for – there is some creep up coming into, let’s say PC space. I am skeptical of that for two reasons. One, that space has a different set of power performance requirements where Intel is exceptionally good. Secondly, users of those machines expect legacy support in terms of software and peripherals that has to all be enabled from scratch for those devices.
Stacy Smith: I just want to go back. You let me off the hook a little bit too early there in terms of the increase in capital, when you look at 32 versus 22. So, I also want to put that in perspective. It was in my written remarks, but I want to make sure it's clear. One of the benefits that we had at 32-nanometer was that as the downturn hit us, we were able to very quickly take capacity that we had put in place for 45 nanometers, factories that we had put in place for 45-nanometer and upgrade those to offset some of the required investment at 32. I think that was a level of responsiveness that you haven't seen out of Intel in the past. We take advantage of the fact that we build in that backwards compatibility in our capital model of record, and we were actually able to offset half of the capital required at 32 by utilizing investment that we had already made in factories for 45-nanometer. What that means is, at 32 we got in essence three factories for the capital cost of two, and then it's the unit demand and the movement of transistors to a leading-edge process technology that then takes us from three to four. That helps you put in perspective the size of that job as you go from the 32-nanometer node to the 22-nanometer node.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis – Morgan Stanley: When do you expect to start shipping the 22-nanometer products into production systems? Paul, you may have mentioned this, I think I may have missed it, can you help us understand to what extent do you think about using the incremental 22-nanometer capacity for PC microprocessors versus tablets or cell phone microprocessors?
Paul Otellini: Well, we haven't given out the product schedules for 22-nanometer. So let me give you a status at least in much detail as I'm willing to get to make public. We have finished development of the process. We are in yield learning deployment right now, running test ships in there, ramping the yields up on the technology. We have completed the design of our first microprocessor and have working microprocessors on that technology. At this point in time our plan is to ramp production wafers of that technology in the second half of this year with products launched at some point to follow.
Stacy Smith: The second part of your question, Mark, was around the…
Paul Otellini: SoC.
Stacy Smith: 22-nanometer?
Paul Otellini: Yeah. We're building some on 32 now and then the initial products on 22 will be the mainstream microprocessors, because we want to use every early wafer we can for those products, but we will move as rapidly to 22 as possible for the non-PC part of the product line.
Mark Lipacis – Morgan Stanley: If I could just follow-up, the CapEx, how should we think about that getting cut between the faster depreciation schedule for equipment versus slower depreciation schedule for buildings?
Stacy Smith: The lion's share is going to be equipment. That investment bucket, the lion's shares equipment, you'll see a little more factory spending than what you've seen in the past, but it's the equipment to fill the factory that ends up being expensive, and you can see that in the depreciation forecasted goes up from $4.2 billion in 2010 to $5 billion in 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Maybe just to ask a little more about the 22-nanometer conversion with the SoCs, are you comfortable, you have the design wins now to fill that fab?
Stacy Smith: The 2011 capital spending of $9 billion is the dollars are really being driven by the server and PC business. That's what's driving the increase in the unit CAGR. Those are big die. Remember the products that we have in smartphones, the products that we have in tablets by design are very small die. It doesn't drive a big capital spend for us. Don't take from that though that it's not important to get those products to 22-nanometer that process leadership is what lets us bring down the cost, bring down the power and provide more performance at any given level of power. So, it's strategically really important, but it's not the driver of the $9 billion of capital in 2011.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: If I could just follow up with, you're saying mid-teens in unit growth, it's assuming ASPs will come down, they were up last year, why do you think ASPs will down in 2011?
Stacy Smith: Just to say you don’t bid us up here, Paul said low to mid teens in unit growth for 2011 and 10% revenue growth, you still get to the same question, which is, that would suggest ASPs come down a little in 2011 to kind of make that revenue number work. I’ll be the first to admit this is the place where I have been wrong over the course of 2010. I did not anticipate ASPs going up to the extent that they had, the Company has surprised me positively the ability to extend the technology leadership over the competition and get paid for that leadership. That said, my thesis on the market is that the areas where we see robust growth. So remember what I said, emerging markets 2 to 1 over mature; the consumer market 2 to 1 over the business market. Those areas benefit from the standpoint that system price points come down over time, and we get a little bit of a mix down. So I believe that we're going to see, just based on that mix effect pricing coming down over time. I'll also say it's one of those places where I'd love to be wrong. The Company is working hard to try to prove me wrong, but inherent my forecast is that pricing comes down some based on growth in consumer and growth in emerging markets in 2011, and I think that trend is the one I'm betting on for the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Securities.
Patrick Wang – Wedbush Securities: My first one, I just want to think a little bit about the enterprise refresh cycle. You guys had a pretty good year last year. Client was clearly a bit softer. Just curious how far you think we're into the current upgrade cycle for enterprise? Also where do you think you'd actually see strength in the client or consumer side over the course of 2011?
Paul Otellini: It's hard to put a number on it. My sense is given that the corporate refresh started not on the first day of last year is that we're not halfway yet. There is a whole bunch of people that have not upgraded to Windows 7 and that intend to. I do think that Sandy Bridge there may be some momentum built up ahead of that in terms of people wanting those products. Remember the IT version Service Pack 1 version of Win 7 wasn’t released until mid last year or August-September timeframe. So you really have the tailing edge of the IT shops, the ones that wait for SP1 still to go and so implicit in our numbers when I gave low-to-mid teens is a pretty robust corporate refresh cycle continuing in 2011. In terms of client parts of the business next year or this year rather, I think Stacy nailed it. We look for consumers and particularly in emerging markets continuing to be the driver of that part of the business in notebooks rather.
Stacy Smith: If I make one other point on the server market, which I was struck by when I was looking at our 2010 results and Paul touched about in his speech, I think there’s a secular trend here in terms of the build out of the cloud infrastructure and while that still is a relatively small percentage of the total of our server business, it’s growing exceptionally fast and I was surprised that it generated one-third of the unit growth in servers from 2009 to 2010. That’s a trend that I think carries forward into the future. The information moves to the cloud, all these devices compute and connect. I think that continues to driver server results for a number of years.
Patrick Wang – Wedbush Securities: I also want to talk a little bit about chipset. In the fourth quarter chipset for your client business was down 4% sequentially. Can you talk about what you saw there and given that there should be an impact from the ramp to Sandy Bridge and upgrading chipset to the 67, 66 series, how you feel about that tracking here in the first quarter?
Stacy Smith: I think it was as simple as what we said at the beginning. The quarter actually unfolded very much like we expected which is nice when that happens. We saw people bleeding off some of the older generation technology from an inventory standpoint, which impacted our sales that's why we're below seasonal, that's why chipsets were below seasonal. I think one of the things you have to think through as the world moves to notebook, the chipset is a leading indicator that thesis no longer exists. You don't have nearly a larger marketing where people are populating a motherboard with the chipset and everything else, and waiting for a CPU. It's all happening in Taiwan and its being integrated commensurate with each other, and so it's not the leading indicator that we believed in the 90s.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Paul, when you look at the Data Center Group and the sequential growth in the fourth quarter, I'm wondering you can help me understand how much of that was unit versus ASP and as you look at the balance of 2011, is there a lot that mix can do to help average selling price, as you look at that market unfold this year?
Paul Otellini: I'm not giving a lot of granularity there, John. I can tell you that over the course of the year, one of the reasons that we did increasingly well in Data Center was the shift to MP, as the MP products we're shipping and that includes those Internet Data Center deployment that Stacy was just talking about. Most of the big portals used four-way machines running, 6-cores now going to 8-cores this year, so there is about the most power compute-intensive consumers we have on the planet. So, going into 2010, I think that's still a driver, I think that the Nehalem value proposition is still very critical for, let me say, classic Data Centers, Enterprise Data Centers we still haven't finished anywhere near swapping out all the old systems. The same kind of ROI that we saw work in 2010 will apply in 2011 for those companies.
Stacy Smith: It was one of those great years, we saw a strong unit growth and strong ASP increases based on our technology in the Data Center Group and that drove the strong year-on-year results.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: As my follow on, when you look at Sandy Bridge and its impact on the discrete graphics market. What's your view as this year unfolds and I guess, if Sandy Bridge starts to allow OEMs to take discrete graphics cards out of systems, and yet still, provide to capture some of the ASP benefit of the graphics capability from Sandy Bridge, how much ASP leverage do you think you can get out of that product cycle?
Paul Otellini: I think it's healthy, but the biggest leverage, I mean, given that I'm quite confident that Sandy Bridge is going to be a home run, in fact, at CES, I said that, in 2011, Sandy Bridge alone will represent over 30% of Intel's corporate revenues. So, we're very, very confident of the product and its acceptance. The biggest thing for us is sell-up inside the Sandy Bridge family, because as we – we will populate Sandy Bridge across multiple price points over the course of the year, but we'll maintain some of the premium feature sets, like the Intel Insider for high-value content that we announced at CES. We'll maintain those at the Core i5 and i7 brands. So, we'll do sell-up in those over the course of the year. That will be the focus versus, can the OEMs shave a bit off the building materials. They will certainly do that, but as everybody does that, that just brings the pricing to equilibrium.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Gleacher & Company.
Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: If I could start with just how are we to think about the impact of the extra week, and if we're to assume sort of a full 7% revenue impact, I get somewhere between $700 million and $900 million impact to Q1. Should we think about that, and then how do we think about that going forward to Q2, both on the revenue and OpEx lines?
Stacy Smith: So, the beauty, as we know what the extra week was, because what we're doing as we're resetting the calendar such that our year end is more towards New Year versus Christmas, and we know what the billings were between Christmas and New Year. As you can imagine, it's not an average week, it's a low week. So, when you take into account, the actual billings we saw that we – what you'd say about Q1 is because of the ramp in billing of Sandy Bridge, it's a bit about seasonal. More granular on that I'm not going to get, I'm not going to provide a forecast yet for Q2. We want to get through Q1 and then we'll have that conversation.
Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: How about on the OpEx side, would we think that you capture an extra week of OpEx that the OpEx goes away in Q2?
Stacy Smith: OpEx is much more predictable like that, because you do – people actually want to be paid, even though we're adding an extra week. So, we know that we have more OpEx in Q1 and we have a week less in Q2, and our spending pretty much will reflect that.
Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: If I could for my follow-up, move on to a different topic. Acquisitions, there has been some issues, trying to get some of them closed by the end of the year, I know was the target. Last quarter you were kind enough to offer us the commentary that no big further acquisitions were planned. I wanted to see if I could get you to repeat that statement and give us an update on where you stand?
Stacy Smith: So, first the status of acquisition in Infineon, we expect that it's closing in the next several weeks, all the regulatory approvals that have been received on that. On McAfee is going to be dependent on whether we get a request for more information from the European Union. If we don’t it could close in Q1, if we do it's likely to move in the Q2. I was really clear on the call last time that what I was going to say when I got this question was, we don’t comment on a forward -looking basis on acquisitions and that’s the answer you are going to get. So, we don’t comment on forward-looking acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein: Just a brief one on the 2011 gross margin guidance. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of feeling on where you might see the most volatility in terms of those drivers. What are the things you think are pushing towards the higher end of that, versus the lower end of that? What will be the bigger drivers for that for 2011?
Stacy Smith: Let me just start by doing 2010 to 2011 reconciliation in currency, and currently how I am thinking of gross margin. In 2010 it was 66%. We are forecasting 65% for 2011. As is pretty predictable, because we are on a two-year cadence of process technology, 2011 is year where we are going to see elevated start-up cost. So that takes me down about 3 points of gross margin. As my unit costs come down and my CPUs and chipsets, and my platform business, that gets back about a point of gross margin. Then I am expecting higher revenue in my platform businesses and that’s worth another point of gross margin. That’s how I get to a point down. In terms of volatility, the start-up costs are pretty predictable. The thing that got me in 2010 was ASP and based on where we're seeing growth, in which segments, that could be off on ASP based on the competitive dynamics, that could be off on ASP. So that tends to be the thing that is most volatile. Then behind that is business levels. If business is robust and we're running factories, it's beneficial to gross margin. If we have an economic shock that causes demand to fall, we'll see a decline in gross margin. So those two things are likely I think to cause some volatility to gross margin as we go forward.
Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein: For my follow up, you've got Atom revenues that are it looks like pretty much flat for the quarter. So it doesn't look like netbook sales necessarily are falling off the cliff like people might be afraid of. But I was wondering if you could give us some feeling for how much of those Atom revenues might be netbook versus non-netbook related. Is the non-netbook portion material enough where you feel comfortable giving us at least just a ballpark estimate of how much it might be?
Stacy Smith: It's relatively small. The underlying growth rates of things like Atom that's moving into embedded applications is very high. We've talked about the progress that we've made in the back half of this year of winning the category of smart TV, and so if you look at first half versus second half, you see a high category in that unit growth rate, but it's still a relatively –
Paul Otellini: On netbooks specifically, I'll go back to what I’ve said in my comment, you may remember, a year ago, we had a problem in the fourth quarter of '09, where people bought ahead on chips from Intel, netbook chips from Intel and sales slowed down in the first quarter. So there was an anomaly. So what I've talked about in my commentary was the consumption of netbooks that we believe was 20% year-over-year, and actually it was probably up a bit in the fourth quarter as it is the seasonally strongest quarter for netbooks and even devices like tablets as some people buy them as Christmas presents. So looking into next year, what we forecast and project is yet another year of growth in netbooks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga.
Daniel Berenbaum – Auriga: On operating profit, I mean just looking at the model or the guidance you've given for gross margin for R&D, it looks like operating margin would likely go down next year. When we think about – do you think about 2011 as more of an investment year or how should we think about what operating margin performance might look like over the course of the next couple of years? Or how we should think about a longer term model there?
Stacy Smith: First, I think your math is correct, right, gross comes down a point, we offset some of that – actually if we get a little better in terms of spending as a percent of revenue, but it doesn't offset that full point. That said, the operating margin is historically at high levels. I mean, we're running a gross margin that's in the mid-60s and our spending as a percent of revenue, as we've communicated our strategy of driving efficiency continues to improve. We are making significant investments in 2011 and they are investments that are really important to us. If you look onto the covers of the increase in spending from 2010 to 2011, it's predominantly R&D, that R&D is split between investments in our core business, investments in some of the important adjacencies like tablets and phones. We're investing more in process technology. We're investing more in software capabilities to bring all these devices together. So certainly Paul and I are looking at 2011 as a year, where we're making some big important investments that we think generate great returns for us in the future.
Daniel Berenbaum – Auriga: So are those multiyear investments or is it sort of a big rebuilding year or investment year or is it a multiyear investment?
Stacy Smith: I think you can look backwards and say we started making significant investments last year. Our investment profile increased a lot in '10. It's increasing more in '11. We'll make the decisions for '12 when we get there.
Daniel Berenbaum – Auriga: To follow-up on the capital side of the investments, you talked…?
Stacy Smith: Yeah, but I do want to just say one thing. You might have taken from what I just said that we're backing off from the commitment to continue to drive spending as a percent of revenue. We're not backing away from that commitment, so we're taking advantage of a robust market in '10, a robust market in '11 to make some important investments, but we as a Company continue to have efficiency and productivity as one of the things that's got to be embedded in everything we do because it's critical to win in some of these new segments. So I just want to make sure that was clear from my prior statement.
Daniel Berenbaum – Auriga: On the capital side of your investment, you talked about the rationale for adding a fab is really being unit driven for your core business, but is there any foundry CapEx in there? You've actually talked about starting to do little bit of foundry work for some small customers. Was any of this specifically targeted at expanding your foundry business?
Stacy Smith: No, don't take from that again that we're not focused on that business, but it is nowhere nearing being a driver of CapEx for us in 2011. We're at a scale of $9 billion. It's not a driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: A quick question on the seasonality aspect of the year, could we look similar to 2010 where we had a better than season Q1 and worse than seasonal given the 10-year historical second half of the year?
Paul Otellini: We're not going to get to that granularity at this point, Brendan. We've provided our forecast for the first quarter. We've given you the expectation for the year. Let us get through Q1 and we'll give you the forecast for Q2.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: I guess my follow-up question is kind of circling back on the chipset question that somebody else asked. The chipsets as a percent of the CPU revenue or the Data Center Group has declined over the last eight quarters. It used to run about 20% of the total revenue and now they're running into mid-teens. Can you explain what that is, and is it going to bottom around here on the mid-teens?
Stacy Smith: I think off the top, it's the shift from DP to MP. More of the mix goes to MP, so you have more processors for chipsets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah – Nomura Securities: If your assumption is for ASPs to be down this year, why is that not factored into your gross margin reconciliation?
Paul Otellini: It's an interesting phenomenon in that we had ASPs up in '10 and so it gets a little – it's kind of counterintuitive because we don't see that a lot. So, if you think about the world from the standpoint of year-on-year change, it looks like the average for 2009 is about what the average is for 2010 and it doesn't pop out in the – I'm sorry, the average for '11 is about what the average was in 2010, and so you don't see it in the year-on-year recon. What you have to keep in mind is, over the course of 2010 our pricing went up, and so I ended at a higher level than my average, and from that I come down some over the course of 2011. Again, that's a place where we're fighting hard to make that not be true, but that is my expectation inside of the gross margin forecast.
Romit Shah – Nomura Securities: Just on the server business, several quarters a very good growth including Q4 and Paul, you highlighted some of the strong secular tailwinds. How does this segment influence your Q1 outlook and is there any seasonality in servers now?
Paul Otellini: I haven't dug into that for a while. I don't think so. We're seeing just pretty consistent growth. It tends to go in cycle, the cycle start up with Nehalem – seven quarters ago, I don't see it abating. It is historically, if I go back before the Internet Data Center bubbles, strong growth, the fourth quarter was always the strongest quarter for servers because, capital budgets expired, people brought servers before the year changed. I haven't seen that as being the driving trend for several years now.
Stacy Smith: I also agree. I don't think there is strong seasonal pattern to severs, but I will say, in Q1 in the guidance, the thing that causes us to be a little better than seasonal, once you adjust for that fourteenth week is the ramp in sales of Sandy Bridge. That's the driver in Q1 and that's not yet in the server market. So, you should assume from that, that it's the ramp in Sandy Bridge which is notebooks.
Romit Shah – Nomura Securities: So the fact that servers have been strong for so many quarters that trend doesn't concern you that a slowdown is eminent?
Stacy Smith: We do not see a cycle here where people finish the refresh and then we have a dip. The underlying traffic growth over the Internet and the shift to cloud data and services is its own trend and that alone will drive nice continued growth in the business.
Paul Otellini: Thank you, Romit. Thanks Marcello, and we want to thank everyone for joining our call today. As a reminder, our Quite Period for the first quarter 2011 will begin at the close of business on Friday, March 4, 2011. Our first quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for Tuesday, April 19, 2011. Thank you and good night.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie - VP, IR John Daane - CEO Ron Pasek - CFO
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Uche Orji - UBS Shawn Webster - Macquarie Glen Yeung - Citi Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Srini Pajjuri - CAS Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Chris Danely - JPMorgan Apurva Patel - Ticonderoga Securities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera second quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations webpage where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820 and use code 258712. During today's prepared remarks, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call with a financial overview before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ron Pasek: Thank you, Scott. My commentary will cover our results for the second quarter 2010 as well as guidance for Q3 and full year. Revenue for the second quarter 2010 was a record $469.3 million, a sequential increase of 17%. Q2 sequential revenue growth was broad-based. Both large and small customer categories grew, with the highest growth coming from our largest customers. New, mainstream, and mature product categories all grew sequentially. In addition, all geographies and vertical market showed growth quarter-to-quarter. Q2 turns were 35%, which was slightly above our guidance. Incoming orders remained strong, and our book-to-bill ratio was well above 1. Q2 gross margin was 71.7%, a sequential increase of 30 basis points, largely due to continuing const reductions that offset some negative vertical market mix. Operating expenses for the quarter were $130.4 million, an increase of $3 million or 3% sequentially and essentially in line with our guidance. Operating margin dollars grew 208% year-over-year and operating margin percent reached a record at 43.9. Our Q2 effective tax rate was 12.2%. This rate is slightly less than our previous guidance and is the result of relatively stronger revenue growth outside the U.S., which resulted in an overall reduction to our tax rate. Net income for Q2 was $180.6 million or $0.58 per diluted share, an increase of $0.08 over Q1 2010 and an increase of $0.42 over Q2 a year ago. For Q2 2010, our Board approved a $0.01 per share increase to our quarterly dividend to a total of $0.06 per share per quarter. This is the second dividend increase since 2007 when we introduced a quarterly dividend. As we have frequently noted, we intend to continue to increase the dividend over time. On the balance sheet, cash and investments increased to $2.067 billion and cash flow from operating activities was $246 million for the quarter. Altera inventory increased Q1 to Q2 on a dollar basis, but was unchanged from the months of supply on hand basis. Total pipeline months supply on hand at 3.2 months was comprised of 2.3 months for Altera and 0.9 months for distributors, which is identical to our ending inventory months supply on hand for Q1 2010. The cash conversion cycle for Q2 was 80 days, which is a 17-day improvement from the unusually high 97 days in Q1 2010. DSO came down and payables increased, which are both good trends from a CCC perspective. Again, our accounts receivable aging continues to remain quite healthy. Stepping back, the second quarter results display a combination of strong end market demand aided by the tipping point dynamics we have been describing for the past several years. Our impressive operating leverage is a function of robust gross margins and extremely focused OpEx management, reflecting the value our PLDs deliver to the customers in a disciplined operating execution. Moving on to guidance for the third quarter, we expect to see revenue growth in the range of 4% to 8% sequentially. Third quarter turns look to be in the low to mid 20s. The third quarter gross margin rate will likely be in the range of 70% to 71%. We are anticipating some gross margin degradation due to a slightly unfavorable vertical mix. R&D spending will be $69 million to $70 million, reflecting incremental hiring we spoke about last quarter to accelerate our 28-nanometer roadmap. SG&A will be between $64 million and $65 million. Our core tax rate will be 12% to 14%. Given the recent increase to our share price, the fully diluted share count for Q3 will increase to approximately 317 million shares. With respect to inventory, we expect to end Q3 with pipeline months supply on hand in the low 3s or roughly flat to the metric from Q2. On a full-year basis, we are guiding OpEx to largely the same as what I indicated last quarter, R&D approximately $265 million and SG&A $253 million. Now, let me turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you, Ron. We are very pleased that Altera achieved record revenue in the second quarter. Our outgrowth of the semiconductor industry is a result of end market recovery combined with new product momentum. In particular, we are benefiting from the tipping point where our latest generations of FPGAs are several process nodes ahead of mainstream ASIC and ASSP design for the infrastructure markets, and we are increasingly replacing these fixed function devices. In Q2, our new products increased 36% sequentially. Stratix IV was up 52%, Stratix III 40%, Cyclone III 34%, Arria II 244% and MAX II 5%. 65-nanometer products were 25% of total company revenue and 40-nanometer 10% up from 22% and 7% respectively in the prior quarter. Stratix IV remains the fastest ramping revenue product line in Altera's history by a wide margin. FPGAs increased 20% sequentially. Mainstream products increased 13% sequentially, predominantly in 90-nanometer Stratix and Arria products. A few military and computer programs were responsible for a majority of this growth, but they will not repeat this quarter. Mature products grew 1% sequentially associated with increases in our industrial business, but are still 32% below Q2 2008. By market, telecom and wireless increased 21%, industrial military automotive grew 14%, computer storage networking increased 21% and other grew 11%. All 11 of our submarkets increased sequentially with automotive, military, networking, wireless, consumer and computer each upped double digits in percentage terms. Due to the significant increase in demand, some of our product lead times have extended and now vary from 0 to 26 weeks. The longer lead time devices are not process node or family specific, rather a few part types spread throughout our product portfolio. For Q3, we are forecasting a 4% to 8% sequential increase. Telecom and wireless should increase in each area. Networking, computer storage should increase driven by networking. Automotive, industrial and military should have growth in each submarket. The other segment should be flat to slightly up. As we have discussed in prior quarter, we assume there is a component of customer inventory accumulation and have taken this into account in our forecast, even though it is not apparent in our product or market analysis or through discussions with customers. Our book-to-bill was over 1 in Q2 and turns required to make the Q3 guidance are in the low to mid 20% range, well below our historical high 50% range. Due to the industry-wide supply constraints, customers have placed backlog further into the future than normal resulting in lower turns expectations in the near term. Our book-to-bill remains over 1 in Q3 quarter-to-date. While we cannot offer revenue guidance beyond this quarter, as we have commented before, we believe we have a solid three to five year growth cycle in several of our end markets. Communications should continue to grow as India starts 3G wireless deployment and the U.S. and Japan deploy 4G. With 2G as a baseline, our dollar content doubles in 3G, triples in LTE and quadruples in LTE Advanced. You should also continue to see growth in military, industrial and automotive as prototype programs transition to production and electronics content continues to grow. In summary, we are benefiting from end market growth combined with new product momentum. We recently released our latest edition of Quartus II software, which includes support for our next-generation 28-nanometer Stratix V FPGA family. We are very pleased with our record revenue in Q2 and look forward to strong sequential growth of our new products in Q3. Now, let met turn this call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, could you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: John, congratulations on the strong results, and clearly that's being led by the telecom for the last several quarters. When you talk to customers either on the wireline or wireless side, what are they saying about how sustainable that growth is going to be going into the fourth quarter this year? Clearly, you're guiding for again pretty good growth in the third quarter. And then is there any difference between the various regions?
John Daane: Jim, this is John Daane. Unfortunately, I can't really break out the regions or specifically the customers. What I can do is say certainly we've been seeing for several quarters now good growth out of telecom and wireless and in particular in Q2 on the wireless front. Telecom did grow as well, but wireless much more so. We do see in the future a very strong growth continuing in communications, and really this is because today we're seeing deployment in North America and China in 3G. In China and India, we're seeing 2G. We will add to that over time. In 3G for India, obviously the auctions have already happened. So we should see that in the next several quarters a start of a 3G ramp. Plus we'll see the fourth generation LTE deployment in North America and Japan added to that. There could be fluctuations at any given quarter, but again, over a long term basis we do feel very good about the growth within that area. On an inventory basis I can tell you that in telecom and wireless, customers have not been able, or purposely have placed or put in place buffer stock. These customers really have very low inventory, so the demand we're seeing is going straight to customer orders that they have today, which is very positive. I really can't predict Q4, Q1, Q2 as much as I can say things are good right now. And over the long haul we think communications will continue to be a strong area for Altera.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, that's helpful. And then just a follow up, I believe on the last call you talked about six of your 11 end markets being above their prior peak. Could you give us an update on where that is today?
John Daane: Yes, the reason I didn't do that again, Jim, is if you go back to our prior peak which was in Q2 of 2008 that is 30% below Q2 2010. So the comparison no longer is really that relevant. I didn't do the homework, but I would bet probably most if not all the markets are above that level now. But if you look at it really, you know, the ones that are doing better are telecom wireless. Obviously there are a lot of deployments going on around the world as we have talked about before. Military is an example. Automotive, being some of the stronger markets, and you would expect that. Certainly another good factor that you look at is the fact that really most of our growth continues to be in the new product area. And new products for us are 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer. These are products introduced over the last several years. And that's also good because that shows that we're really winning versus ASICs and ASSPs and the infrastructure space becoming a larger proportion of the bill of materials in the new generations of systems. And if it were just a inventory build, we probably would see all of our products have significant increases and we really just don't see that.
Operator: We'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Question on lead times. John, you mentioned that lead times have gone up 0 to 26 weeks. Just refresh our memory, what are the normal lead times? And kind of related to that what is the causes, the front-end, back end, and how long do you expect the situation to continue?
John Daane: So our normal lead times are anywhere between 0 to 16 weeks. They're zero if we have the finished goods parts in stock. Generally most of that would be a distribution. If we have a wafer format it will be two to four weeks to do package assembly. If we do not have any WIP in the system, it's generally anywhere from 12 to 16 weeks to go through the wafer manufacturing and then also package assembly and test. And within that generally our lead-times I would say are in the 4 to 6 week range on average. What we've seen now is, obviously with the very significant increase in demand and semiconductors, manufacturing lead times have stretched out. We do have finished goods in stock. As Ron noted, the amount of material that we have in distribution on a month supply in hand basis is flat with prior quarter. So that would be the zero lead time. We do have wafers, some finished good material ourselves that still would provide customers anywhere between the two to four week lead time to six week lead time just to do assembly. But we do have some parts where literally customers will come in with orders. Everything that we have in WIP is already dedicated to other customers. We have to get into the long queue lines that are associated with manufacturing today. And as such some of our part types are out to 26 weeks. It's not family-related as I noted; it's not process-related as much as it is; a couple part types stretching all the way throughout our product line into even some of the very old products simply because demand has been very high on those few product types. We will continue to do what we can to work those lead times down, but we thought it was important to note that in some cases our lead times have stretched out.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: And, John, was it again the foundries or the back-end?
John Daane: Predominantly the capacity constraint is in the front-end in the industry today.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: A quick follow up. You mentioned 3G. The licenses have been given out in India; are you seeing any evidence of when the CapEx starts to actually get rolled out?
John Daane: No, I think we are waiting for orders as our customers are. I would say in general, from discussions with our customers in the wireless and telecom space, they have not as far as I can tell pre-built for India. They're really building for existing demand within the other geographies. They're not sure exactly when they will see orders for that, or even in some cases a resumption of GSM deployment, which is the 2G standard.
Operator: We will go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: A couple of questions. First, let me just go back on this subject of inventory accumulation. You said, you're not seeing any evidence of it, not in your conversations, but you think some may have built. So who may have built inventory? And just let me understand what's leading you to suspect? Is there a mismatch between sell-through versus selling? I mean, I just want to understand what you're seeing that led to that statement?
John Daane: First of all, Altera services over 10,000 customers, and we only call on a few hundred on a direct basis. And so, it's very hard for us of course, therefore to ascertain exactly what all of our customer base is doing. We know from direct customers, and telecom, wireless, military as examples that they either have not had an opportunity, or they are not placing buffer stock generally in the past. And so, Altera's lead times have been generally short. They have been able to get what they need. We haven't been the long pole in the tent in most of these systems. And so, customers really have been ordering what they need. However, this is the semiconductor industry, and we have seen in past cycles that some customers may choose to put buffer stock in place or order more than they really need in order to make sure that they get some supply. And based on that, we are making an assumption that there may be some inventory accumulation somewhere within our customer base and are trying to take that into account. Reasons that we do not believe it's pervasive for Altera include the fact that if you look at our mainstream and mature products, they have not performed like you would expect if it was inventory accumulation. Typically, when people accumulate inventory, you see a rise in all of your product categories. Again, noting the mature products are actually down 32% versus Q2 of '08 even though our revenues are 30% higher than they were in Q2 of '08 mature products being down that much says there is clearly not much of any inventory accumulation going on there. And then the mainstream products are a little bit higher. But part of that is because we've seen a resumption in some of the end markets and businesses. Prior to that were some one-time buys that we had in the quarter in computer and military, which were very explainable to us. So again, in mainstream we don't see much. So therefore, we have not seen it, but do assume that there is some inventory accumulation. And I've tried to take that into account in the guidance and projections that we put forward.
Uche Orji – UBS: Let me just ask you about gross margin outlook. I mean, in your statement you said you now believe that you're seeing a few years of solid growth ahead of you after all these new products ramp. You've guided to a model of 65% for your gross margin. Now, a couple of things here; first is, are you just being conservative, because, I mean, you've been above 70 now for two quarters in a row. Or should we think that the mix of where the growth is going to come from will be naturally lower gross margin areas, so you have the gross margin to drive growth. I just want to be sure I understand your guidance, your target and what is (deficient) for growth is?
Ron Pasek: Just to remind you what I said last quarter or so. What I said was we plan the company at 65%, meaning it's our long-term target. I did indicate that the second half gross margins of this year, including Q3 and Q4 will look similar to the first half. But again, what we've said is, we believe that over time we have to be conservative in the way we plan the company, and aren't going to assume that the margins will stay at the current rates for ever.
Uche Orji – UBS: I see. So the 65% is for planning purposes?
Ron Pasek: Yes.
Uche Orji – UBS: That's helpful. And just one last question, John. The other category has grown double year-on-year, and it's only 2% of your revenues. I mean it's kind of hard to prove what's there, but two questions here. Can you just point out what any particular segment within other category that has driven growth and the sustainability of that? And two, what kind of investments are you making to sustain growth within that category? Thank you.
John Daane: Uche, I think that the more relevant comparison is not to a year ago, it is to two years ago. The reason we use two years ago is that was the prior peak. And since our business in many of the customer categories has returned, I think it's a more normalized look at what our business should be. A year ago, we obviously were in a trough where customers were trying to eliminate inventory they had on hand and ultimately were responding to what was considered to be a worldwide depression. And again, if you compare our business in the mature category to two years ago, it's down 32%. The mature category should decline slightly every quarter. I would say 32% over two years is pretty dramatic. So we don't see really any cause for concern with that business.
Operator: We will go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: Just really quick on the lead time question, it sounds like it's on the front end. When do you expect things to loosen up in terms of your product lead times, and are there any end markets in particular that are notably extended in terms of the products going in them?
John Daane: This is John Daane again. As I noted earlier, it's not a product or process node specific as well as much as it is just a few ordering codes where demand has outstripped our ability to get supply. I do not know exactly when lead times will come back into more normalized levels. We're certainly doing what we can with our subcontractors. Within our model, we tend to use fewer subcontractors. I think that does give us priority at times of allocation. You can see that certainly from our history where we've tended to perhaps get more than other companies. We do think our subcontractors are taking care of us and giving us preferential treatment. Unfortunately, as you have seen from many of their announcements, their order base is tremendously outstripping their ability to supply. I am not sure at this point exactly when we will see that come back into balance. There is a tremendous amount of capacity being added in the industry, but demand is really the key component to understand. And since there are many other markets and companies that feed into this, I don't know perhaps as well as you, I really can't say. Our indication right now is product will continue to be sold out for a while, and we'll just have to see.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: And if I may, on the ASIC displacement theme, is there any way you can quantify how much of your business would you say is business that you've taken away from ASICs? And then as it relates to gross margins, for the systems where you think you've taken ASIC share, are your gross margins similar to where they are currently or are they more closer to the 65% long-term target?
John Daane: Certainly if you look at Altera's performance versus the ASIC industry, we've outperformed the ASIC industry for several years and really by a pretty wide margin and we'll continue to show you those statistics as they come out. I think if you look at 40-nanometer in particular, a minority of the 40-nanometer designs that we're winning were actually Altera customers, Altera applications in the past, they really were either other PLD suppliers or were predominantly ASICs, DSPs or ASSPs, and much of that latter categories can be ASICs. Examples of ASICs that we have displaced, we have certainly shown some of the past are in the military field and communications as an example and secured communications, wireless communications, the wireless base stations, as we sort of emphasized, our content is going up, has been displacing ASICs and DSPs. So we'll show I think over time or continue to show a number of applications where you see that increasing. But I think that sort of matrix to show our dollar content increasing so much, so dramatically between each generation of new standards for base stations and radios is a great example of PLDs, in particularly Altera taking market share.
Operator: We'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung : Obviously, the world today is facing some macro-uncertainty and one would argue we started to see that early in the second quarter. And obviously your results and guidance will suggest you're not seeing that. I wonder if, John, you can maybe talk about if we sort of dug to the details of all your numbers if you actually did see any suggestion that from macro standpoint things were slowing down at all.
 Citi: Obviously, the world today is facing some macro-uncertainty and one would argue we started to see that early in the second quarter. And obviously your results and guidance will suggest you're not seeing that. I wonder if, John, you can maybe talk about if we sort of dug to the details of all your numbers if you actually did see any suggestion that from macro standpoint things were slowing down at all.
Ron Pasek: Glen, this is Ron. I think what we talked about at the beginning was the fact that all eleven verticals were up sequentially, all geographies were up sequentially, all customer categories were up. There wasn't a lot of softness anywhere in any of those results.
John Daane: I think as Ron went through the data, we haven't seen any change in cancellation or push-outs from the customer base. As we mentioned, the book-to-bill thus far this quarter remains over 1. And I think if you really parse apart the details, the reason that I feel good about I think Altera and probably also PLDs in general is the fact that the growth really is coming from the new products and it's coming in markets which are understandable. Obviously for us, automotive and military, since we have lower market share, are going to be faster growing markets for us. Communications, you can see both strengths in the industry as well as an increasing amount of content from Altera. If this were simply that the tide had come in and our boat was floating up because people were buying old products, I don't think you'd get excited. I think the fact that it's really 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer driving, the growth on a year-over-year basis, I bet you do feel that this is a good long-term story in terms of displacing ASICs, displacing ASSPs, growing in the infrastructure space, taking market share.
Glen Yeung : Maybe just to follow up on that, I'd ask a couple of things. One is what your target mix of 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer is perhaps exiting this year for the numbers you gave exiting the quarter and actually if you could just repeat those numbers. I didn't get a chance to write them down. And then related to that is, where you actually constrained on 40 or 65-nanometer, i.e., could you have had a greater proportion of those things had there been sufficient capacity in the market?
 Citi: Maybe just to follow up on that, I'd ask a couple of things. One is what your target mix of 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer is perhaps exiting this year for the numbers you gave exiting the quarter and actually if you could just repeat those numbers. I didn't get a chance to write them down. And then related to that is, where you actually constrained on 40 or 65-nanometer, i.e., could you have had a greater proportion of those things had there been sufficient capacity in the market?
John Daane: To the last part, we have constraints in several different product families. So it's hard for me to know, because some of the mature or even mainstream product families may have been a little bit higher as well. So I can't give you really a breakdown as to whether 40 and 65 would have been higher. In terms of the revenue of the company, 65-nanometer was 25% of total company revenue and 40-nanometer was 10%. Prior quarter Q1 was 22% and 7% respectively. I can't give you an indication as to where the numbers are going to be for the end of the year other than to say we do expect to continue to see growth out of those families this quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Benjamin with Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Just want to follow up on some of the wireless discussion. Clearly, you guys have heard over and over again the peak, peak, peak discussion. And you indicated you're clearly seeing a pretty significant increase in the content as you go from 2G to 3G to LTE. I was wondering if you could frame this a little bit better for us in terms of the growth that you see in the overall end market on a unit basis and then just try and frame it in terms of that content and what that could translate into growth for you guys over the next couple of years.
John Daane: Sorry, I can't really break out the business plan there in terms of units or customers or ASPs that we have or revenue or so. We typically do not provide that sort of granularity, because it does get into customers, because as you can note, North America as an example, some of the operators will only award business to two or three and that would allow too many people to triangulate into what's going on. And we don't want to specifically break down our customer content. So we're not in a position to provide really any of that data.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Well, maybe I'll ask you a little bit differently. I think you misinterpreted my question. I wasn't looking for specific customers/ASP details. I was just looking for a better way to frame the growth potential that you guys see over the next couple of years. Clearly, the growth is well over 40% on a year-over-year basis this year. A little bit of that is recovery. But is that a growth range that you see as realistic over the next couple of years or is it something much more moderate than that? If you could just give some directional color, maybe that's helpful.
John Daane: I understand what you're asking. Unfortunately, we just are not in a position to provide that sort of data. We'll talk about long-term macro trends, both positive and negative, headwinds that we have, positives going on for us, but we're really going to take the business one quarter at a time sort of level. And it's difficult to be honest to break down communications, because as you've seen just with India alone, there have been many starts and stops with the 3G as well as 2G deployment. So it's very difficult to paint exactly what's going to happen in a given period of time.
Operator: We'll go next to Srini Pajjuri with CAS.
Srini Pajjuri - CAS: Looking at the comms business being up north of 20% and looks like you're guiding for another strong quarter there, could you maybe give us a bit more detail as to whether most of this is coming from China 3G build or if U.S. is starting to contribute here?
John Daane: U.S. is definitely contributing. I think you've seen and heard about challenges associated with higher end phones in terms of the pressure that they place on the networks. You've heard from some of the operators in the past talking about moving wireline CapEx to wireless as well as trying to build out the back-haul portion of the network in order to improve overall performance. So we're certainly seeing North America contribute, certainly China, we've seen India in the past as well as other countries continuing to build out networks. We can't really break it down in terms of percentages for you today.
Srini Pajjuri - CAS: If you look out to the next couple of years, it looks like China probably is going to slow down a bit here and then you have India kicking in and then U.S. 4G. I'm just trying to understand relative to the China opportunity, how should we think about the U.S. 4G and India 3G?
John Daane: Well, I think India will be both 2G and 3G. As the networks continue to be built out very similar to China, I think in India, probably the build-out will go over a longer period of time, perhaps five or more years. I think within North America, we'll probably see a build-out over accretive time, but you've got two major operators that are competing with one another who I think are going to aggressively move to 4G for high-end services. Don't leave out Japan. Japan has always been a leader in terms of customer usage of high-end handsets and data. And both of the major operators have already committed this year to start LTE deployments and ramping through next year. And so that's why we feel good about communications on the long haul is you have a few geographies that have been driving growth right now. Given the next couple of years, we really have several that will be added in.
Srini Pajjuri - CAS: I quick follow up on the dividend increase, maybe for you, Ron. If I look at your EPS for this quarter, $0.58 versus payout of about $0.06 and I went back and looked at your trough EPS probably close to $0.15, it looks like you have a lot of room. If you want it to pay out a bit more, you have a lot of room to payout. So I'm just wondering why not be a bit more aggressive given your confidence in the business for the next couple of years?
Ron Pasek: So what we've said before is we are committed to returning cash to shareholders through a combination of those dividends and buybacks. So it was a 20% increase in the dividend, I think it suggests a really great deal of confidence about the company. So I don't think you should just look it as a dividend only. Over time, we've said we're going to buy back shares. We still 14 million shares that we can buyback and are authorized to. And not the least of which is to counter dilution. So don't look at it as just a loan example.
Operator: We'll go next to Ian Ing with Gleacher & Company.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company: You talked a lot about global wireless infrastructure and dollar content trends. Do you have a similar update on growth in back haul and network and deployments and content increases there? I know you're integrating 10 gig Ethernets for example?
John Daane: Our content is absolutely growing within newer generations of equipment. When you look at some of the base stations or the wireless summaries that we're feeding you, they do include a radio. If you go back to 2G, the radio intelligence was minimal. And there has been a lot of intelligence put into the radio systems, which introduced PLD content into the radios or including that in the figures that we're giving you in terms of the content increases, back haul is also a portion of that. In terms of the rest of the market, we haven't broken it out that way. We certainly can look at doing that overtime in terms of trying to give you some other example of where our content is absolutely increasing and we will look at that.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company: And then moving on to a product questions at 28 nanometers, your main competitor talks about 30% lower power versus alternate FPGAs and of course you're going to get some rebuttal once you get more information, but my actual question is where do you feel most comfortable about low power advantages, whether it's certain architecture blocks or modes or applications?
John Daane: Well, I think what I've seen out of our competitor is they are hanging their head on static power consumption. And what you really have to look at is total power consumption of the device when it's used, because outside of consumer products, which are battery operated no product is just powered down or not being used in the systems, they are all being clocked constantly. So to us, it's the total power consumption that customers focus on and there we've always had an advantage. Builder comes in through the fact that we came up with a new architecture and software scheme going back two generations ago in Stratix III, which allowed us to basically turn blocks on, either to be high performance blocks or turn them down to be lower performance low power blocks. And overall, that's allowed us to have lower power consumption on the competition. I think we know what they are doing, which is a process play. It will give them probably slower devices, it will not give them overall power reductions over our products and so much to be disclosed I think ultimately from our competition as to what they are doing. But so far, we believe will definitely have leadership at the high end with Stratix devices that we've announced. And there will be other families announced from us in the future.
Ian Ing - Gleacher & Company: And last question for Ron. You gave your full year OpEx guidance. It looks like you're suggesting a decline in fourth quarter, R&D, SG&A. Could you help us understand that?
Ron Pasek: Yes, that's a good question and I thought someone would probably catch it. So congratulations. So this is simply a factor of the way we do the accrual for the bonus. And the bonus for the year is very front end loaded to the first three quarter and that's really all there is to it.
Operator: We'll go next to Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: John, can you comment on design activity and how that's progressed over the last several quarters, you're clearly seeing LTE design at this point and some new telco et cetera, but when you look at your broader customer base and you kind of characterize how new design activity has progresses over the last several quarter?
John Daane: Yes, for us the design activity has picked up substantially over the last year, year and a half. And I thing there are a combination of events going on. Number one, I think customers are recognizing that they really can afford to do ASIC design. In fact, if you need things like transceivers, you can no longer use older generations of process technology to get the performance that forces you into newer process generations for ASICs, they are just too expensive. So we've seen more customers abandon that approach and choose a programmable. Number two, I think the downturn in the industry forced a lot of end systems companies to reevaluate their spending and decided in many cases to use FPGAs as an alternative architecture and I think that helped us accelerate design wins. Number three, I think we ultimately had product superiority in the 40-nanometer node, and that has allowed us to really move in and win a tremendous amount of business. The reason I think we'll do very well in the next several years is really 40-nanometer will be the growth node of the industry for the next couple of years. 28-nanometer still several years before it become significant in terms of revenue, and I think that's a node that we've done extremely well. This is an example in military. Many of the military companies are now looking at productivity and ways to reduce overall development cost because many governments are talking about assuring risks between the government agencies. And the military companies are wanting to speed up R&D, wanting to reduce R&D cost. And what we're seeing now is a recognition out of many military contractors as well as government agencies that FPGA is a really the technology of choice to do that. So certainly seen a dramatic pickup in military design, but just this one example.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for the detail John, quickly have you seen an increase in interest in HardCopy now as 40-nanometer really starts to roll out here?
John Daane: Yes, we have a number of designs that we've taped out. They're all with really the Tier 1 accounts that have a large portion of the overall basic dollars spend. And if they are new opportunities for us, because generally if a customer moves to HardCopy, they would have been moving to an ASIC anyway, and they were gone to another vendor. So this is a way for us to hang on to that revenue. And we should see HardCopy really towards the tail end of the year next year in the HardCopy 3, 4 area start to go through I think a pretty strong ramp.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Great and quickly for Ron, you talked about the highest growth this quarter coming from some of your largest customers, did you have any customers that contributed more than 10% of revenues?
Ron Pasek: No we did not.
Operator: We'll go next to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: John, trying to figure out, separate out your secular benefits versus secular recovery and clearly wireless, and you have articulated the technology helping you in some stuff on military. And if I look at the broadcast, it probably had similar thing. Can you just go over a little bit more on any of the segment that is seeing some kind of a secular shift or the other segments are or more a cyclical recovery?
John Daane: I think consumer have seen growth in televisions particularly in the 3D area, that's a new area that includes programmable logic. Within the industrial space as we mentioned we see growth and energy as well as in security. So a lot of the industrial security cameras are including programmable logic, that's a new market for us. In servers, we're starting to see server companies or end corporations themselves start to add programmable logic content either for high performance computing, this is to accelerate certain algorithms or in cases to customize the hardware for some specific deed that they have. Automotive is an example of purely all new content for us, we never participated there before that's mostly in camera electronics things like rear view cameras, car navigation systems as examples. Those are just some of the sort of ideas of top of my head. And then you see even in some of the older markets like networking increases in market share versus ASIC, certainly you see that in telecom, certainly you see that in wireless. So I think there's just raw growth in all of our sectors and to a large extent if it were just a return of the business, I think you'd see all of our product categories up dramatically. The fact that really the growth is centered in the newer products, I think speaks to the market share gains much more than just our customers coming back.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's very helpful and quickly on gross margin for modeling out quarters. How should we think of what margin? Is it more of a product mix driven or your ability to reduce the cost going forward? At what rate should we model gross margins going down in out quarters?
Ron Pasek: Yes, so this is a tough one, I mean, if you're talking about long term, I think again you would want to put something there around 65%, which is what we think it will be overtime and that's how we plan the company. From here to there it's really difficult to tell. We do get significant gross margin reductions as a result of product cost improvement and we can benefit time to time from vertical mix moving in our favor as well. So I really, I'm sorry I can't give you is a specific answer. I think the near term, the rest of this year margins are going to be largely similar to what they've been the first half, but beyond that difficult to tell.
John Daane: And we'll be doing an update to provide you some guidance for next year late this year. And so in between now and then I think we'll just probably focus on what we know, which is the short-term this year.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: All right, thank you.
John Daane: Thank you very much, next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: A couple of questions, you released the software the Quartus and it was your top bullet in terms of accomplishments in the quarter, what is the designing activity that you can tell us at this point at 28-nanometer versus when you introduced the version of Quartus that introduced 40-nanometer software?
John Daane: I don't have the statistics. Good question. I should have them. We actually have a business review tomorrow morning. I'm sure we'll get them then. I expect it's going to be strong. I mean, Stratix V introduces some new capabilities that we've not done before in the high end. In particular, what it did is, one of the areas, we did some innovation. Like, couple of areas was around DSP blocks, providing more flexibility and performance; those will be very popular in military, wireless, and medical fields. Number two, we added hard IP blocks or HardCopy blocks. This is the ability for Altera to add some, for instance, hardened specific protocols, I/O protocols in order to reduce costs and add functionality into these devices, or to allow customers to embed their own IP blocks to make sort of a hybrid ASIC/ASSP/FPGA. And that is a new concept for the industry and I think is going to open up a large number of applications for us that we've not participated in the past. And then as well in the transceiver front, we're continuing to innovate. We're the only company ASIC/ASSP that has up to 28 gigabit per second transceivers. And I think this really puts us in a new class. When we are in Stratix IV, in 40-nanometer, we got to the point with 12 gigabit per second transceivers that we were in best-in-class with ASICs and ASSPs. Now we're ahead. And I think in many applications customers will just turn to us in areas like telecom and/or in even some of the new server I/O protocols, storage protocols that require very high performance transceivers. So I think those are three categories which place us ahead of either other PLD competitors, ASICs or ASSPs that will enjoy some new markets for games.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: And then a quick follow-up regarding your foundry partner. Has there been a change in terms of the availability of 40-nanometer? I know your demand has been very strong, but was there something that was different this time around from a quarter ago in terms of availability or capacity of 40-nanometer?
John Daane: I would say, what we've seen is, from six months ago, nine months ago, capacity was not an issue. Capacity is very tight; we talked about that last call, it's still tight today. As I mentioned, the lead time extension, and I think you're probably assuming its 40-nanometer, and I would caution you, it's not a process node specific challenge for us. It's not a product-specific challenge. It really is a couple of devices that lie across our entire product portfolio. Some of them are mainstream. Some are mature; some in the new product category. And we'll just have to see what happens in the industry, both in terms of the demand and the capacity increase to see when lead times and manufacturing return to normal. But right now they remain tight.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Hey, John, with the issues with wafer availability, have you guys given a thought to maybe expanding the foundry base you use?
John Daane: We have not, Chris. We continue to utilize TSMCs, our sole foundry. Continue to be very happy with the relationship, and we do think that that offers us some strategic advantages both in terms of access to technology service and many other elements. So we're continuing on the same strategy.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: And as my follow-up, question on the finance part. I hear you guys' on the plans for returning cash to shareholders via a dividend and buyback in stock. But I think in the last year and a half year, your share counts gone up by like 20 million and your cash balance has gone up by 75%. So can we expect your cash balance to continue to go up or is there a level where you feel comfortable it could be maintained or will we ever see it go down? Can you maybe give us a little more color there?
John Daane: Yes, I think we're going to continue to generate quite a bit of cash, certainly in Q3. And what we've said in the past is that we will do buybacks opportunistically. And we will continue over time to increase the dividend as well. I think we had a really good period this first couple of quarters, and we're going to keep thinking about how we return cash and as a constant focus for the company.
Operator: We'll go next to Apurva Patel with Ticonderoga Securities.
Apurva Patel - Ticonderoga Securities: John, can you just elaborate, in the past, there used to be seasonality in the September quarter and that seems to be no longer taking hold. Is that the way we should we be thinking about?
John Daane: I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question please?
Apurva Patel - Ticonderoga Securities: Sure. In the past, in the September quarter, there used to be seasonality. Obviously, we're seeing a new product cycle that has a significant growth compared to the past cycles. But going forward, is that the way we should be thinking about the September quarter seasonality that was in the past and no longer holds?
John Daane: It's a really good question. I think we've typically seen the third calendar quarter be the slowest of our three, and sometimes down predominantly because of communications. Purchases and vacations, and you're up in Japan and North America. If you go back in history, you'll notice is there is a tremendous amount of variation around that. And so as we've noted many times, it's really very difficult for us to note or speak to any seasonality since it really has been all over the map. And so I hate to say that there is a pattern for the future based on what we were seeing this year or right now. There certainly will be up quarters, down quarters, strong quarters, weak quarters in the future. It's just hard to know which quarter it's going to be. So right now Q3 is up for us and I just don't know how it's going to behave next year or the year after.
Apurva Patel - Ticonderoga Securities: If you had to elaborate on the PLD market, what do you think the (term) is? Can you put on a qualitative what the growth rate looks like?
John Daane: I do not know. You know, once we have the announcements out of some of our competitors and their guidance, I think you'll have a pretty good indication for this year. I do think the PLD industry will outperform the semiconductor industry in total. Certainly the numbers so far have played that out, so I do anticipate it. I do expect Altera will take market share again this year. And we will expect that the PLD industry will once again outperform the overall ASIC industry.
Operator: We will go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: John, you gave us a wide distribution on lead time of product. I am kind of curious, is there an average you can talk to, or perhaps even better, what percent of your revenue is at lead times where you start to worry about kind of potential inventory accumulation with customers?
John Daane: To be honest I don't know that I can cite any statistics to be able to answer that. So Ron and I can't really provide you a lot. I do know that customers continue to expedite us; I do know that customers continue to place orders with very short lead time expectations, simply because they get orders for delivery four weeks from now and therefore they try to get product from us four weeks. So customers continue to place orders in the short run. I just can't provide you any statistics. We do talk to these customers, especially the larger ones. We do watch their activity in terms of what they are shipping. We do try to talk to their EMS companies where we can to understand what they have in place. We do watch the long term bookings behavior. There a lot of metrics that we look at, but I don't have any good statistics that I can provide you right now.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Not a prob. Maybe the follow-up, John. Your turns up-sided in the June quarter. Kind of curious was there any discernible pattern relative to end market or product on the turn side that you can speak of. And I guess other than conservatism, is there is a reason to believe that the turns level dip in the September quarter?
Ron Pasek: There really wasn't a pattern between the mid quarter update we gave. We gave a clarification the upside of the guidance being 12% and it came in a little bit higher than that. The only thing that saw was it tended to be, over extended to be mostly on the large cut terms, but it wasn't specific to an industry, etc. What we clarified in Q3 for guidance is the turns number in the low-to-mid 20s. That number as you know progressively moving down quarter-to-quarter as customers give us better visibility into what they need. So they're putting orders on our books within the quarter in a way that makes our turns number lower.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: You talked about the dollar content on the comm segment. I'm just curious if you have with the ASIC shift in the industrial and military, if you have some sort of conceptually, what you think the dollar content increases on the ASIC shift in future years?
John Daane: We haven't put any other I think metric out on any other types of equipments. We will look at trying to come up with, perhaps, some other examples to give you some indications. But right now, I don't have any other statistics to cite for you today.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: I guess my follow-up would be lot of discussion on the telco space, but can you give us some color on the networking and computer segment in the June quarter, how that shaped up between networking and computing?
John Daane: If you look at the second calendar quarter, we saw a growth in networking, really, I think associated with an increase in enterprise spending out of corporations. We also saw within computer and storage growth within the server space, and both of those areas were up for us. I think as we noted in talking about the increases that networking was a computer where each up double digits in percentage terms from the first calendar quarter.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: So no major discrepancy between both?
John Daane: Yes.
Scott Wylie: Listen, as to conferences this quarter, on September 8, we will attend the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York. This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest in participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Wylie – VP, IR Ron Pasek – SVP, Finance and CFO John Daane – President, CEO and Chairman
Analysts: Srini Pajjuri – CLSA John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Adam Benjamin – Jefferies & Company James Schneider – Goldman Sachs Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan Glen Yeung – Citi Uche Orji – UBS Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Shawn Webster – Macquarie Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities Ian Ing – Broadpoint Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets David Wu – GC Research Limited Tim Luke – Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera first quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation. Mr. Wylie, please go ahead.
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations webpage where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, and use code 258712. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO, and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call with a financial overview before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ron Pasek: Thank you, Scott. My commentary will cover our results for the first quarter 2010 as well as guidance for Q2 and the full year. Revenue for the first quarter 2010 was a record $402 million, a sequential increase of 10% and at the high end of our guidance for the quarter. Q1 sequential revenue growth was fairly broad. Both large and small customer categories grew; new and mainstream products were both up; and all geographies with the exception of Japan showed growth. Q1 turns were in the mid-40s range, which is in line with our guidance. Incoming orders were also strong throughout the quarter, which yielded a book-to-bill ratio well above 1 and drove a significant increase in Q1 ending backlog. Q1 gross margin was 71.4%, a sequential increase of 3 points. The increase in gross margin Q4 to Q1 was largely due to cost reductions, specifically yield improvements, offset by slight price decreases. Operating expenses for the quarter ended at $126.5 million, a decrease of $3.8 million or 3% sequentially and essentially at the midpoint of our guidance. R&D spending was below our guidance due to a change in the scheduling of the remaining few 40-nanometer tape-outs. SG&A spending was a bit higher than guidance, but does include higher than planned accruals for variable and incentive compensation, resulting in an adjustment to our revenue assumption for the year. Operating margin dollars grew 211% year-over-year, and operating margin percent reached a remarkable 40%. This level of operating margin is 8 points higher than our target operating model of roughly 32%. The vast majority of this overachievement can be explained by the healthy gross margin rate, which is over 6 points higher than the 65% we used to plan the company. More on this later in my discussion. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 4.3%, reflecting some favorable discrete items totaling roughly $15 million. The largest discrete item relates to a ninth Circuit Court ruling on March 22, 2010, holding that stock-based compensation was not required to be included in certain transfer pricing arrangements between a US company and its foreign subsidiary. We released nearly $12 million in income tax reserves as a result of this ruling, and this caused the current quarter decrease in our effective tax rate. Net income for Q1 was $153.2 million or $0.50 per diluted share, an increase of $0.16 over Q4 2009 and an increase of $0.35 over Q1 a year ago. On the balance sheet, cash and investments increased to $1.7 billion. Cash flow from operating activity was $133 million for the quarter. As I indicated last quarter, we will be using the cash conversion cycle metric as the key indicator of the quality of our cash management. Looking back several quarters, our CCC has fluctuated between 70 and 100 days. For comparable fabless semiconductor companies, medium CCC has been in the mid-80s. Having said this, our CCC for Q1 was 97 days, or 20 days higher than the 77 days in Q4 ’09. All of this increase can be attributed to an increase in DSO. This increase was caused by an overall increase in business level, the increase in channel list price dollar inventories, and the timing of price concession credits. Although DSOs increased Q4 to Q1, the accounts receivable aging remains quite healthy. Altera pipeline inventory increased by $24 million as planned, reflecting our desire to get back to a healthy inventory level. Total pipeline months supply on hand for Q1 was at a desirable 3.2 months for -- it was comprised of 2.3 months for Altera and 0.9 months for distributors. Moving on to guidance for the second quarter, we expect to see revenue growth in the range of 8% to 12% sequentially. Second quarter turns look to be in the mid to low-30s, the result of a very strong backlog position. Keep in mind, as demand has strengthened in the past several quarters, our customers are giving us increased visibility to their needs by placing orders on our books in a more timely manner. This low turns number takes into account some of that change in behavior. In addition, you will notice the turns number in each of our last several quarters has moved progressively lower. Second quarter gross margin rate will likely be in the range of 71% to 72%. We think R&D and SG&A spending will be largely consistent with the first quarter. R&D spending will be $64 million to $65 million, and SG&A between $63 million and $64 million. Our core tax rate will be 13% to 15%. As we saw this quarter, there can be discrete items, which may add or subtract to the core tax rate. Given the recent increase to our share price, the fully diluted share count for Q2 will increase to approximately 311 million shares. With respect to inventory, we expect to end Q2 with pipeline months supply on hand in the low 3s or roughly flat to the metric for Q1. Other than giving specific gross margin guidance for the full year, I want to reiterate what we have said in the past about our target operating model. We plan the company assuming 65% gross margins. While our first quarter and anticipated second quarter results are considerably higher than this, we don’t think this level is sustainable over the long-term. More importantly, we don’t think it is responsible to plan the company at this level. Having said this, we think that gross margins in the second half of 2010 will be closer to our anticipated first half results rather than our previous guidance. Full year 2010 R&D spending will be approximately $265 million, slightly higher than our previous guidance, as we have decided to accelerate some 28-nanometer spending and absorb incremental incentive compensation costs. As we have indicated, our long-term target operating model assumes an R&D to revenue ratio of 18%. Our full year SG&A will be approximately $251 million. Our first quarter results and guidance for Q2 saw SG&A at 15% of revenue, which is our desired level. Therefore, over the next several quarters, you should expect to see minimal new investments in SG&A. Now let me turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you, Ron. Q1 revenues increased 10% sequentially with 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer FPGAs contributing to a majority of the growth. We continue to benefit from a combination of new program ramps, improved end market demand, and increase in customer take rate due to inventory depletion, and the tipping point where our newest products are several process generations ahead of mainstream ASICs, and the resulting FPGA cost advantage is accelerating ASIC replacement. We have changed the product categorization. New products now contain 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer FPGAs and HardCopy ASIC and our latest CPLD family, all products which are in the design win and production ramp phase of their lifecycle. Mainstream includes 90-nanometer FPGAs and HardCopy ASICs, products which are no longer in the design-in phase and tend to grow or decline with the market. All other products are in the mature category, which we expect on average to slowly decline each quarter. A history for both new and old categorization is on our IR website. Our new products increased 29% sequentially. Stratix IV was up 70%, Stratix III 31%, Cyclone III 22%, Arria II 66%, and MAX II 9%. 65-nanometer products were 22% of company revenue, and 40-nanometer, 7%. By market, telecom wireless increased 8% on strength of 3G wireless and wireless backhaul. Industrial, military, automotive grew 15% with each market up. Computer, storage, networking declined 1% with slight growth in networking, offset by a decline in computer. Other grew 18% with consumer broadcast, test and medical, all up. Our customers continue to tell us that they are not building inventory. Once again to gauge this, I would like to compare Q1 2010 to a prior quarterly peak in Q2 2008. As a note, Q1 2010 revenues were 12% higher than Q2 2008. By market, six of our 11 end markets were higher in Q1 2010 than Q2 2008 and five were lower. As newer markets to Altera, both automotive and military have increased as prototype programs transitioned to production. Broadcast is higher due to a high definition equipment upgrade cycle ahead of the World Cup this year. Industrial was up because of a broad-based recovery combined with new applications in security and factory automation that are ramping. Wireless and telecom also each grew because of the Asia communications infrastructure build. Networking, consumer, computer, storage, test, and medical are all still below Q2 2008 levels. By product category, our new products increased 512% in Q1 2010 compared to Q2 2008. Mainstream products increased 2% and mature products declined 33%. Since the growth is almost entirely from new products, this speaks more to a new product success rather than inventory accumulation. Nevertheless, we do assume that there is a component of inventory accumulation and have taken this into account in our forecast even though it is not apparent in our product or market analysis. For Q2, we are forecasting an 8% to 12% sequential increase. Telecom wireless should increase driven by wireless. Networking, computer, storage should increase across each of the sub-markets. Automotive, industrial and military should have growth in each sub-market. And the other segment should slightly increase. Our book-to-bill was over 1 in Q1, and turns required to make the Q2 guidance are in the low-to-mid 30% range, well below our historical high 50% range and below the Q1 mid 40% figure. Due to the industry-wide supply constraints, customers of pipeline backlog further into the future than normal resulting in lower turns expectations in the near term. Our book-to-bill remains over 1 Q2 quarter-to-date. Capacity is very tight in the industry, particularly in foundry. Nevertheless we were able to grow inventory as planned in Q1 to the low end of our 3.0 to 3.5 months supply on hand operating model, while also increasing revenue 10% sequentially. Altera product lead-times are generally short. But as with any quarter, there are point die-package combinations that have extended product lead-times due to high and forecasted demand. On the product front, yesterday we introduced Stratix V, our first 28-nanometer FPGA family. Stratix V contains new FPGA DSP and memory architectures to improve performance, cost and power, while also increasing our industry-leading transceiver performance to 28 gigabits per second. Stratix V also enables the integration of blocks of ASIC and ASSP logic, creating cost-effective and flexible hybrid devices to open new markets and accelerate growth in existing ones. In summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 revenue, gross margin, and operating margin results. The products introduced over the last several years are contributing the strong growth and profitability for the company, and we have a pipeline of 28-nanometer products that what we believe will continue this momentum. Now, let me turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions?
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Wylie. (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Thank you. John, obviously, a very strong guidance year. And recently we’ve been hearing some talk about CapEx cuts in Asia, and I know you are guiding for a strong growth in the wireless business. I’m trying to understand what’s driving the telecom -- what drove telecom in Q1 and also what’s driving in Q2 to get there. Give us a bit more color, that would be great.
John Daane: Yes. The growth in Q1 is broad, but mainly attributable to 3G growth as well as wireless backhaul. So, as you deploy more base stations and there is an increase in data usage from a wireless perspective, there is a need to increase the bandwidth from the base stations to the core network. And that’s backhaul. Q3, likewise we expect 3G to be the main growth driver for Asia as well as for other markets -- other geographic markets.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Okay. And then quickly on the inventory front just on the balance sheet, John, it’s up about 25%. It’s still within your target range, but what’s the risk that if things slow down in the second half that you may need to write down some of this inventory?
John Daane: We have had, I think, in the last 20 years one inventory write-down associated with the year 2000 going into 2001. The difference in that period of time is, between Altera and our distributors, we held about seven to nine months supply on hand. So you will note that our operating model really since the year 2002 has been for us and our distributors to hold between three to four months supply on hand, and right now, we are operating at the low end of that, roughly at 3.1. So we think the risk is low. Capacity is clearly tight in the industry. As you have seen from us over many years, there may be a few quarters where we operate at the high end of the 3.0 -- 3 range, excuse me. I think one time I can remember in the last seven years, it’s been above 4 for one quarter. There has been one or two quarters that’s been below 3. But generally because we have very solid relationships with our supply base, we’ve been able to get what we need and manage this process very tightly. So I would not expect that there would be an inventory write-off. I think we are managing the inventory very carefully.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: If I may, one last one, for Ron. Ron, on the gross margin, you said most of the improvement is coming from the cost side. And my question is, why is this not structural if it is coming from cost savings? And why wouldn’t you sustain beyond the second half of this year? Thank you.
Ron Pasek: Well, I mean, we do control the cost to the extent we can. But again, the offset over time is pricing action. So as of late, we have been doing a better job and quickly reducing cost. At the same time, prices aren’t falling as quickly. Over time, the two do move in tandem.
John Daane: I think generally long-term we’ve said for many, many years that 65% is our long-term model. Different market segments that we target have different gross margin targets. We would like to participate and be able to grow in some of these new markets. So 65%, we think, is a good balance, representing success that we can have in our entire portfolio. Clearly in the interim, we will be operating well above that range.
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA: Thank you.
John Daane: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: And we will go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yes. John, can you hear me?
John Daane: Yes.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yes. John, real quick, you talked about three drivers on the top-line, just outright good demand, re-stocking and ASIC replacement. As you look into the June quarter, do you think inventory levels over the time kind of flattish? So when you look at the top-line growth given, how much of that do you think is coming from just growth in the end market versus really just ASIC replacement? And just can you help me understand relatively enough to allow that, where you think if you view had changed all that much around ASIC replacement and what type of trend in growth rate you guys can get to the semiconductor market?
John Daane: Yes. So just to reiterate, the growth that we are seeing for last several quarters, including Q2, we really think is a combination of new program ramps and a success that our new products are having really because of the tipping point. So this is now, as you see with our 40-nanometer devices and coming into our 28-nanometer devices were between four to five generations ahead of mainstream ASIC design, which gives us a cost advantage. And I think increasingly people are moving away from using fixed function devices, either ASICs or ASSPs for a lot of the core infrastructure markets and instead using programmable logic, because we really -- we don’t have that upfront cost and we’ve been able to substantially lower our unit cost by aggressively adopting new process generations. And those two things together mean that were more cost-effective in many cases than ASICs the company has used in the past. And if you look at Q1, what you saw is really most of the growth coming from 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer products. And again, most of that resulting from displacement of ASICs and many prototype programs starting to move into volume production. We also saw two other factors, obviously improved end market demand, as our customers are doing better themselves that we are growing more product. And then finally, not that I say the people are stocking inventory as much as what’s happened is they depleted the inventory that they had on hand. As their business decreased, in many cases, they had extra inventory that they needed to work through before they return to what was a normal run rate based on the current business levels. As they have depleted that inventory, we are seeing more customers come back and place orders. If we look at our business, we do not see customers building buffer stock itself. And this would be customers anticipating that lead-times are going to lengthen and supply is going to be tight in the semiconductor industry, and therefore trying to buy extra product to create a buffer. The reason we don’t see that is really three-fold. One is the customers who are telling us are not doing it. Number two, if you look at it from a product perspective, all of the growth is in the new products. And typically when you see customers putting a buffer stock in place, you see an increase across all of your products. And finally by market segment, only six of the 11 end markets that we have are actually up from our prior peak. And so that generally tells us that there has not been broad inventory accumulation as much as it is just raw product success and success of PLDs displacing ASICs. Nevertheless, this is the semiconductor industry and we’ve all lived through these cycles. And if you learn anything from semiconductors is that customers in these times will try to accumulate buffer. So we are assuming, therefore, that there is that going on and have taken that into account in some of our guidance.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And John, as a follow-up, as you are able to build inventory despite a good top-line growth, and as you mentioned, you’ve been running well below normal turns, do you think customers’ attitudes have changed (inaudible) June is going to be the last sort of below normal turns level? And as you move into the back half of the calendar year, we could see turns that come to more normalized levels. Thanks.
John Daane: I have no ability to really forecast that at this point. It will really depend on what happens from, I would say, an overall industry perspective and even what happens with Altera specifically. But again, very difficult for us to project that at this point. Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go to Adam Benjamin with Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies & Company: Thanks, guys. You mentioned that you’re booking out lot further than you typically do. I was wondering if you can give us some view into how far out you are booking to right now and your visibility. Thanks.
John Daane: I think we can answer that simply by saying, we’ve historically had turns in the -- on average over the last several years, high-50s. Turns this quarter are going to be in the low to mid-30s. And that sort of gives you an indication as to how much more backlog we are carrying this quarter than we have in our prior historical quarters. Our book-to-bill has been over 1 for several quarters straight so far and, as I mentioned earlier, also over 1 quarter-to-date for Q2.
Ron Pasek: Let me just add a little to -- if you look at our turns number that we are guiding too for Q2, it’s in the low to mid-30s. Q1 was in the low-40s. Q4 was in the low-50s, and before that, it was in the high-50s. So it really has progressively come down.
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies & Company: Great. And then just on the book-to-bill, can you give a little bit more color in terms of by segment or certain areas just that may be stronger than others?
John Daane: Sorry, I don’t have that data. I think if you go back to some of our opening comments, we talked about which markets we expected to be up, and in particular, the markets we expected to grow in Q2 were the military, industrial business. Wireless, we expected to be up, going from memory, and I’ll go back and look at my notes here. We expect computer, networking and storage to also be up and automotive as well. So basically most of the markets we would expect to grow this quarter cannot provide the specific breakdown of book-to-bill. Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: And we will go to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the strong results. I guess on the -- first, could you talk about the communications business specifically for a minute? What are your customers telling you about their profile of orders and shipment sales throughout this year? I’m really thinking about the Asian customers specifically. But any other color you can give on sustainability of just kind of rough revenue run rate, any other deals [ph] as well would be great.
John Daane: It’s very difficult, Jim, for us to project revenues really for any market segment beyond the current quarter that we are in. So I really cannot accurately project that at this point. In general, what I would say over the long-term is we do expect communications to have really a solid three to five-year growth cycle. You have China obviously spending for both second and third generation wireless as well as the wireline core network. You have India has been spending on 2G, but is moving through the 3G auctions right now. And then we have both Japan and North America that are going to be in the next few years starting to deploy the fourth generation equipment. So we think that that’s a positive for us, as well as the fact that many of the frequencies being auctioned today are much higher frequency than prior generations. Higher frequencies require more sell-side coverage. More sell-side coverage equals more equipment. That benefits us. And additionally, as we’ve mentioned before, moving from 2G to 3G to 4G, we have increasing dollar content in many of these systems. So, very difficult for us to project really any market segment beyond the quarter. But I do think in the next three to five years, communications does present for programmable logic and particularly Altera very, very solid growth.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: And then maybe as a follow-up, within the statements -- within the communications from that, what are you seeing from your US and European customer base at this point? And is that relatively weak or strong compared to what you are seeing in Asia? And if you could comment on wireline specifically, that would be great.
John Daane: Wireline was actually down in Q1 just slightly. It had had a really, really strong Q4 and really was a growth driver for communications growth in Q4. So it was not surprising it was down. And in fact, we’ve projected that. This quarter we expect telecom to do okay, but again wireless to drive the communications growth. In general, we are seeing growth out of all of our customers in communications across all geographies right now. So it’s not just one market specific area. There have been announcements out of various operators that they are increasing some spend, particularly for wireless networks, which is benefiting us as well.
James Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much.
John Daane: All right. Thank you very much, Jim. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan.
Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan: Hey, thanks, guys. Quick question on the gross margins, I think we are in all-time peak now. So if you could just go through what -- I guess, what the differences are as to why you are hitting this peak. It sounds like it might be pricing. If you could maybe detail why pricing is so much better now than it has been.
John Daane: So what I said earlier -- I’d just reiterate what I said earlier for prior questions. So we are doing a better job of getting our cost down than we are -- we are ahead of that than what prices are doing. Over time, prices do decrease except on older products. So right now, we are ahead of the curve on the cost, and we are not seeing the price erosion that we’ve seen historically. It’s as simple as that.
Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan: Why do you think that’s happening?
John Daane: It could be just the strengthening demand. It’s hard to say. In general, I think from a cost perspective, we’ve been very focused on product substitution and yield enhancements, in particular. I think as those who follow programmable logic know yield is critical to our devices because our chips are larger than the average industry device. And we’ve had great success, particularly in things like 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer, which are really growing. And those two families combined are closing on 30% of our overall revenue. So, significant yield improvements those families have a dramatic impact also on our overall gross margin profile.
Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. And as a follow-up, it sounds like you guys are getting plenty of wafers from TSMC now. Do you anticipate any difficulty with wafer supply throughout the rest of the year?
John Daane: As I mentioned, Chris, capacity is very tight in foundry. It’s also increasingly becoming tighter in the back end package assembly as well. So far, we have been able to get what we need. And so far, we’ve generally been able to keep our inventory at the right levels that are targeted and have been on targeted levels for a long time. And generally, our lead-times are short, although there are some package-die combinations where our lead-times are extended. It is difficult to say at this point exactly what will happen next quarter to quarter after. But so far, we are doing okay. As those are the few that followed us for a long time, we’ve generally been able to manage our vendor relationships such that we do get what we need during these sorts of times.
Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan: Yes. Do your lead-times -- I don’t mean your product lead-times, but do you wafer lead-times ever stretch out?
John Daane: Yes, lead-times can stretch out on products and materials. Generally in the past, our vendors have maintained normalized lead-times for Altera. So there may be other products that stretch out. Generally, they have again given us what we need in terms of our normal lead-times. So I would say generally how it’s operated. During these times, obviously it just takes a lot more work and a lot more communication with your supply base, making sure that your forecasts are accurate, you are ordering the product on time, and you are working very closely with them to see if they can schedule what you need when you want.
Chris Danely – J.P. Morgan: Got it, thanks.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Appreciate it, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks, John, just on that capacity issue, in thinking about the competitive position that you are in, I know you guys don’t like to forecast. On a quarterly basis, you think you’re gaining share. But given that a lot of what’s benefiting your new product is your general sense that part of your growth there is a share gain element. And within that -- if it is true, within that, do you think that your relationship with your suppliers in a market that is kind of disruptive as this one is helping you in terms of market share.
John Daane: Glen, it’s very difficult for us to know exactly what’s going on in any given quarter in terms of market share. I think we are the first PLD company to announce. So we will just have to wait a couple of weeks to see what the others do. What I would say in general is our strategy has been to really manage to a small supply base. And we’ve always felt that that gives us an advantage in a couple of different areas. One is, we require a lot of yield improvement work, working with fewer foundries allows us to -- from an engineering perspective, work much more closely. And we think that that’s helped Altera have the highest gross margins in the overall PLD industry. We also think at times like this where capacity is tight because we have a much higher dollar spend with the new companies; we are trying to get higher priority and higher service. So I would -- I tend to believe that during times of tight capacity, our strategy really is a strategy that runs out. And so I would believe that we are in a much better position than our competitors, but again very difficult for us --.
Glen Yeung – Citi: (inaudible)
John Daane: Yes. I would say going forward, really 65-nanometer is going to start to peak and 40-nanometer is going to be the growth driver for the PLD industry over the next several years. And I do think in 40-nanometer we have a much higher position in terms of market share, and that should mean that Altera should gain market share at a higher pace than we have historically. Now, note that our overall market share in FPGAs is, I think, about 33%, 34%. However, in the 130-nanometer, 90, 65-nanometer nodes, our market share in each of those families has been well above that, which is why we generally continue to take market share every year. 40-nanometer was a node where we were just well out in front of the competition and has served up a lot of business, and we think this is a node that can accelerate market share gains as 40 really becomes the driving growth driver for the PLD industry over the next several years.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Thanks. As a follow-up, I think this quarter you said there are five sub-categories where you are not above your past because I think last quarter you said six. Is this the scenario that we think will persist, i.e., you’re going to be setting record revenues across all of these areas as the economy improves?
John Daane: It’s a good question, Glen. I think actually this is probably the last quarter that we can do that comparison. The reason I say that is, if you look at Q1 2010, it was up 12% over Q2 2008. So even though we grew 12%, the growth was really driven by six of the 11 sub-markets. The other five are still below. But as that figure gets higher and higher above, that comparison becomes less meaningful. In general, we are seeing a pretty solid growth across most of our market segments. And so I think that’s healthy. I think our growth generally has tracked what our end customers are doing or indeed reflects the fact that programmable logic is replacing ASICs or that Altera is being very successful in gaining market share against ASICs or other PLD products.
Glen Yeung – Citi: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
John Daane: All right, thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. John, let me just go back to your answer to the previous question on 40, when you talk about 40 being the big good driver. Can you talk about the mix of 40-nanometer? And is there any way you can calibrate any unique customers you are winning as a result of 40 that you didn’t’ have, say, 90 or 65?
John Daane: Yes, there -- Uche, this is John. There are definitely customers that we have -- if you look at the business, as we talked about going back in I think was the November meeting that we had, a majority of the design wins are either from ASIC replacement or from other PLD suppliers. And that’s healthy, because if a majority was just Altera’s existing customer base, we would not see growth. And that trend continues in all of the design win data. So we are continuing to see that a majority of the design wins are new customers replacing other types of products and that should allow us to continue to grow very strongly. There are definitely cases in many markets where this has opened us up to customers that we have not participated in the past. There are also applications that we’ve never participated in in the past. And I think all of that is exactly what you should expect, as programmable logic becomes more cost-effective and ASICs increasingly in the infrastructure do not make economic sense, and we are definitely seeing that play out.
Uche Orji – UBS: So you -- is that like a mix data you can tell us like more telecoms or more industrial just for us to kind of calibrate (inaudible) including 40?
John Daane: I’m sorry, Uche. I don’t have a breakdown to provide. What I could say, though, is we are seeing success again in communications across wireless, wireline, military, industrial bases going very strongly for us. I think we’ve done well in broadcast, in medical, in test and measurement. And computer is a market we are seeing a lot of growth. Networking is a space that we’ve been taking market share. So I think it’s pretty broad. And we are very happy with that. We’d like to be able to manage our business with a strong broad portfolio of end markets.
Uche Orji – UBS: Yes. Just one follow-up, quick follow-up. Why are you announcing Stratix V so early and why are you confident that your foundry partners can begin to sample in 1Q? And those days in anyway still indicates the growth of 40 if 28 is available so quickly?
John Daane: I think the advantage of moving to the next generation process node as aggressively as possible for programmable logic is that it again accelerates the ASIC replacement. We are 3.5 generations ahead of mainstream ASIC usage going to 28-nanometer is 4.5. It just allows us to more quickly replace ASICs and grow faster as an industry and as a company. And that’s what we are focused on and that’s what we are doing. TSMC had their annual symposium last week. They did announce that the HP process technology was Stratix V is developed on is the first process variant that will be available for risk starts in Q4. If you then look at the time it takes to manufacture test and put the product out, Q1 is the initial shipment date for that product line. And the reason that we announced the high end products a little bit earlier than the lower end products is, for customers, the design-in phase for the higher end products is longer. The complexity of these, we can now integrate many millions of ASIC gates takes customers in many cases a few years to actually implement the design. So we announced it early so that they can start working with the technology. Ultimately, they won’t need the devices or prototype devices for a while, yes.
Uche Orji – UBS: Right.
John Daane: Thank you very much, Uche. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go to Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Hi, good afternoon. Given the tightness in wafer supply, are you considering or are you already looking at a decent pricing strategy near-term to kind of control the volumes with respect to supply you have at hand?
John Daane: Tristan, this is John. Our pricing strategies tend not to change over a short period of time. By that, what I mean is when we sell a product, we tend to give the customer multi-year pricing. And so therefore they have regular price down progressions that we provided a year ago, six months ago, two years ago, which we have committed to and they are naturally taking advantage of today. Additionally, for new design starts that you are bidding on or the design win phase, those designs may not go into production for a year or two years, three years from now. And so you don’t know what the capacity of the industry is likely to be then. So therefore we tend not to change our overall strategy for the short run.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay. And would that apply as well to any orders that would be more last minute. So expedite orders as well?
John Daane: We tend not to change pricing to not to -- we don’t change pricing based on short-term availability or allocation. Again, customers have had quotes, and that’s the price that they pay. And we try to get them the product as quickly as possible. So there is not -- I mean, if you’re sort of reading into the gross margin, are we raising prices, are we charging higher amounts to customers to get product, are we doing things like that, the answer is no.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay, great. And last quick one, what was the percentage of wireless infrastructure as a percent of your total communication? And I don’t know if you are able to give how big Huawei was in the quarter as a percent.
John Daane: No customer was over 10%. And wireless is just slightly larger than wireline.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Great, thank you
John Daane: Maybe in the area of 10% larger or less. Thank you very much, Tristan. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go to Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Yes, thank you. And congratulations on the great results, guys. In terms of the capacity situation, given things are tightening up, have you started to put your customers on allocation at all yet?
John Daane: No, we have not. Generally, in times like these, our busier customers do provide us forecasts. We do try to manage the inventory well. We do have some products, which the lead-times have moved out simply because we’ve had high end forecasted demand and that may have drawn down the inventory that we had in that particular spot. And then we have to go back and start from scratch.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: In certain end markets in particular that are tighter or certain process nodes that are the tightest for you right now?
John Daane: It’s not any one particular process node as much as I’d say it’s particular die-package combinations. And so you can be -- you can have one family and even one chip in the family everything is okay except one package type. You can have couple members in a family. It’s not just your latest generation. It’s really across a couple different families. I would say it’s probably six to ten particular die-package combinations probably that have extended lead-times right now.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: And are those still going out now or is it getting better at this point?
John Daane: I would say, if you look at the results in the quarter, we actually were able to grow our revenue 10% sequentially. That was after a quarter where we have 27% sequential growth. And we were also able to increase our inventory back into our targeted range. So we’d say if you look at it from an inventory perspective, we actually ended Q1 in better shape than we ended Q4. And so I think that’s what our customers would like to see, and hopefully that gives us a competitive advantage in terms of relationships with the customer base.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Okay. And then so just one last one if I could squeeze it in, on the cost -- the lower cost upside you guys had in the quarter, what was that changed versus your initial expectations in January on the unit cost side that drove this roughly three points of upside?
Ron Pasek: So there were a lot of cost elements, but the largest single item was yield -- yield improvement.
John Daane: And that combined with existing Q4, low inventory meant that the yield improvements flowed through very quickly.
Shawn Webster – Macquarie: Okay, thank you very much.
John Daane: Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go to Sumit Dhanda with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hi. Couple of questions. Ron, one housekeeping question for you. In your 10-Q, you usually break out the cash advance to distributors. I was wondering if you have that number handy.
Ron Pasek: I don’t, but over time, we’ve really decreased the advance that we are giving to distributors. So it’s getting to be a fairly small number.
Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So would you think it’s down sequentially quarter-over-quarter or flat or --?
Ron Pasek: It’s directionally down, yes.
Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Directionally down, okay. John, couple of questions I had for you, one, you talked about the comparison versus the end markets which were above, which were below the prior peak. On your networking and computing and storage segment, I noticed that you are still below the prior peak that you registered in Q1 of ’08. What’s been the drag there? Is that the computing and storage segment can structurally would think that that category as such is a better grower than most that you sell into?
John Daane: I would say in general if you look at those, it’s actually computer, storage and networking that are all down from their prior peak in Q2 ’08. I would say probably in the networking space, we should see that -- because we anticipate that is going to grow this quarter, it also grew last quarter that it will be one of the ones that’s in a healthier space. I would say long-term, we also think computer is a good solid growth space for the PLD industry because you’re hearing a lot more discussion about using FPGAs for acceleration of algorithms or as a co-processor within computer appliances for specific vertical markets. And more of the computer manufacturers are talking about using those types of devices going forward. And that presents a new growth opportunity that really had not participated in in the past. In general, I would expect computer to grow this quarter, I would expect networking to grow this quarter. And I think we are in general seeing company start to spend again on infrastructure equipment, our corporation spend on infrastructure equipment, which should certainly help networking.
Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. One last quick one. Europe seemed to be the strongest geography. Anything in particular that drove that?
John Daane: Nothing to -- nothing to carve out. Specifically no.
Sumit Dhanda – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Daane: All right. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go to Apurva Patel with Ticonderoga Securities.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Thank you. Going back to the inventory, I mean, are you seeing any -- are there any pockets of inventory that may be adequate or (inaudible) safety level?
John Daane: Can you maybe phrase that? I’m not sure I understand.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Sure, John. I’m trying -- going back to the inventory, I’m just trying to understand -- given the inventory balance is up and your customer is telling that inventory balance is healthy, are you seeing any pockets of inventory that may be adequate today, at least a safe level compared to maybe two, three quarters ago?
John Daane: Well, we are projecting again the revenues are going to be up again this quarter. As Ron mentioned, based on our projection, we are expecting that our inventory itself will be roughly about where it is in terms of months supply on hand, which is at the low end of our band. We think what we match the inventory that we have to the growing side of the business. It matches fairly well. In other words, a bulk of the inventory that we have is really in new products and also in some of the mainstream product areas, which tend to be the growing areas. So I think we’ve been managing the inventory very well. I mean, again, if we go back and -- I'm guessing at this, but I would guess the last 20 years of the company’s history, there has only been one inventory write-off, and that really was because I think the company came out of the bubble operating with a model that didn’t make sense. We, few years later, significantly decreased the amount of inventory that both ourselves and our distributors carry to spend a model that we’ve operated, I think, since at least 2002, which has been the three to four-month supply on hand band. And that served us well, both in strong up markets as well as down markets. So -- and we’ve done that without having to have any inventory write-offs even in the sharp declines. So at this point, if your question is does the inventory that we have match well with what the customers are demanding, I think the answer is yes.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Great. And a follow-up, in terms of the different nodes, I’m trying to understand like when you are at 65 versus 40, maybe when you go to 28, does the peak to trough, does that accelerate in terms of the PLDs growth rates?
John Daane: Typically the peak of a product is about four to five years after introduction. And so what you will see with 40-nanometer devices were roughly -- we started to ship about a year ago. They were introduced about a year-and-a-half ago. You will see 40-nanometer peak three years from now and grow fairly strongly during this period of time. So I don’t think that overall metric is changing a lot.
Apurva Patel – Ticonderoga Securities: Great. Thank you.
John Daane: All right. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Ian Ing with Broadpoint.
Ian Ing – Broadpoint: Yes. Thank you, and congratulations. When I look at your gross margin and yield improvements versus historical, how much can we attribute to things like redundancy in your PLD architecture or some other unique impacts? Or is it just working closely with your foundry this quarter?
John Daane: I think it is more in the latter category, which is in this particular case we are seeing some very strong yield improvements from working on individual process modules. I would say 40-nanometer and 65-nanometer in particular. So the yields have really substantially improved in both of those product categories and are running at this point ahead of our models, which is what’s driving that much higher gross margins.
Ian Ing – Broadpoint: I understand, thank you. And I saw your Stratix V announcement. Your main competitors talks about a unified architecture to help them launch high density and low density families at the same time in each node, including 30s [ph]. So for Altera, are there some similar goals or needs to launch simultaneously? And if so, how would you get there?
John Daane: I do not know exactly what our main competitor is doing and for that matter, the other competitors are doing specifically within 28 because there has been really very little released. What I can tell you is, we do believe for each of the markets, they have different requirements in terms of things like transceivers, density, cost points, package types, power requirements, performance requirements. And we think it’s very difficult to cover all of these segments successfully with one process or with one particular architecture. I think if you do that, you will create a very good mid-range product. I think what you would end up doing is sacrificing the density and performance for the high end, and then likewise, you would end up sacrificing the cost points for the low end. So we do believe that you need to develop different architectures, at times use different process technologies, and certainly have different features for all of these families. We also, starting about two generations ago, instead of having two products, divided the market into three. So we created a mid-range product portfolio. This is again just to segment our products a little bit more to provide different features and cost points to better optimize the business and better target some of the end markets that we are pursuing. So our strategy is going to be very similar to what we’ve done in the past. Exactly what our competitors do? I’m not sure.
Ian Ing – Broadpoint: Okay, thanks. That color is helpful.
John Daane: All right. Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thank you. I wonder if you can provide on the -- for the June quarter’s growth, which segments are growing faster than the 10%, which lower, or if you can say which order with communication, industrial and data processing and that terms of growth.
John Daane: I’m sorry; I don’t have that specific breakout data available.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: But you said some segments you know that wireless is a bigger driver. Is communication the biggest driver?
John Daane: Again, we don’t have that data to provide from a breakout perspective. I did not provide any specific breakout as to which market segment I said would grow any faster than others. Again, what I did say, if you look at Q2, that we expected wireless to really be the driver behind telecom and wireless growths. In other words, telecom and wireless should be up this quarter. Wireless would be the main contributor to that. We said that networking, computer and storage, each of those segments should grow. Automotive, industrial and military, each of those sub-segments should grow. And then portions of the other maybe grow, some portions of the other maybe decreased. Overall, the other segment slightly up, but I didn’t break out which market would do better than the others or ranked them or said which would be higher than our guidance. Typically don’t provide that and don’t have the data here.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So within the communication, you did say that wireless was slightly higher this quarter than the telecom. That will indicate that wireless is definitely at, say, a good peak here. Is that fair to say?
John Daane: No, because I also said that wireless would be up this quarter. And we are only taking a quarter at a time. So at this point, don’t know exactly what Q3 will do. So again, getting into trying to call peaks on particular products or which product -- excuse me, peaks on segments or which of the markets are doing better than others is something we are not prepared to do today.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I guess I misspoke. What I meant was not peak, but wireless was a record revenue quarter in March.
John Daane: I didn’t even give that indication. To be honest, I haven’t gone back and looked at prior years. So it’s higher than it was in Q4. Wireless grew in Q4. Again, wireline was a bigger growth driver in Q4 than wireless. I couldn’t tell you whether this is the peak of wireless or not. But again, I think if you go back to our projections, we had fairly broad-based growth in our -- and markets in first calendar quarter, and we are again expecting most of our end markets to grow again this quarter based on some solid new product growth. Thank you very much. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to David Wu with GC Research Limited.
David Wu – GC Research Limited: Yes. Thanks for setting me in. I have just a very quick question. When I look at your numbers as I looked at the full year, it looks like the growth rate of Altera in calendar 2010 is going to be roughly 2X the growth rate of the semi industry. How much do you think this is really would be replacing ASIC phenomenon as opposed to the telco and wireless markets getting better than normal strength coming out of recession?
John Daane: I think it’s a combination of multiple events. I think some of the end markets that we are serving are doing well. I think what we are seeing is a lot of ASIC replacement within the infrastructure equipment, which means that with every new product generation we have higher dollar content. I think in many cases, we are seeing ourselves move into higher volume segments of the industry as we are becoming more cost-effective than ASICs. I think it’s relative success that we are having from a product perspective and therefore market share perspective. And so I really think it’s a combination of a number of things. But a lot of it, as you point out, driven by the product success and the fact that we as an industry are increasingly replacing ASICs, ASICs being much larger industry than the PLD industry and really in pretty strong decline. I think if you look at the ASIC combined with PLD rankings for last year, we moved up a slot and we significantly outperformed, I would say, probably eight of the top ten ASIC companies that would be the second year running. And we would expect to probably significantly outperform the ASIC industry again this year.
Scott Wylie: Thanks, David. Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: We will take our last question from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital:
 :
Ron Pasek: So Tim, this is Ron. So with respect to AR, what I tried to describe was the fact that the business grew in gross billings $0.5 billion Q4 to Q1. At that time, we also were increasing inventory. As you know, we have a sell-out model which determines the price at the time that product is sold out. So if there is a slight timing difference between the growth in the sell-out, you get a temporary increase in AR. And that’s what we saw this quarter.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: So what happens next quarter do you think? I mean, you said that the inventory is going to be flat, but so the AR next quarter will be more normalized in this environment or what should we think?
Ron Pasek: Hard to tell. I didn’t give guidance on that, but it was somewhat of a lag phenomena this quarter. So we tend to see that correct itself in Q2. With respect to COGS, what I’ve tried to articulate was, most of that cost reduction was yield improvements. There is other elements to cost that we see as well, and there is some slight offset, but most of that this quarter was due to yield improvement.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: And the deferred income going up $100 million?
Ron Pasek: Again, that’s the channel inventory.
John Daane: So that’s -- as we shipped inventory into a distribution, we book that within the deferred space. And then when they ship it to the customer and the price is known, that’s where the transaction actually happens. We take revenues. We decrement it out of that category. So if you have an increase in distributor inventory, that will cause both the -- and particularly at the end of the quarter, that will cause both the DSO as well as the deferred revenue to go back.
Ron Pasek: So Tim, when I referred to pipeline inventory, that’s both our inventory and our balance sheet plus the distributor’s, which is on our balance sheet and deferred income.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Is that also in the backlog, John, the deferred income on sales adjusting [ph] or not?
John Daane: No.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Okay. Lastly then if I may, just would the new OpEx guidance, R&D is up some. Is it up similarly in the third and the fourth quarters, as you ramp it towards 265 or is it like making fourth quarter loaded? Then similarly the SG&A is down in the third and fourth quarter, it looks like, why is it down if the revenue is like probably growing?
Ron Pasek: You should see R&D ramp equally in Q3 and Q4.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Ron Pasek: And with respect to SG&A, it’s attracted to how we book our accruals for compensation through the year.
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: Thanks so much, guys.
John Daane: I think most of the increase that you are seeing is (inaudible) the original November guidance is really because of the variable side, which is our revenue is obviously much higher than we originally projected coming into the year. There is a variable component of sales and incentives and commissions, as well as the internal bonus and as our revenue is pulled up. So it has some of the accrual for the variable side, which has really driven most of those numbers.
Scott Wylie: And finally, as to conferences this quarter, on June 9, we will attend the UBS Global Technology and Services Conference in New York. This concludes Altera’s earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-14 17:30:00) =====
Executives: R. Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank  Tim Luke - Barclays Capital  Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Uche Orji - UBS Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Adam Benjamin – Jefferies  Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F. Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein  Glen Yeung - Citigroup John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch  James Covello - Goldman Sachs Graham Tanaka – Tanaka Capital Management  Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets  Suji De Silva – Kaufman Bros.  Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James   
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2009 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
R. Kevin Sellers:  Thank you and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am joined today as usual by our Chief Executive Officer, Paul Otellini and Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith. Our earnings release and updated financial statements were released today at approximately 1:15 PDT and can be found on our investor website, intc.com.   This quarter we continued the practice that we started last quarter of posting additional management commentary from CFO Stacy Smith to our investor website. This commentary was posted at approximately 1:30 p.m. PDT and contains added detail about our quarterly performance that was previously reviewed in prepared remarks during our conference call.  As we begin our call, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. If during our call today there are any non-GAAP financial references made, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations on our investor website.  So with that, let me hand it over to Paul for some comments followed by brief remarks from Stacy. Paul? 
Paul Otellini :  Thanks, Kevin. Our fourth quarter results cap a great year of execution and innovation for Intel. We started the year in one of the deepest recessions in our history and emerged from it with better products and technology driving new demand for computing worldwide.  Our restructuring efforts have born real fruit by improving the operational efficiency of the company, driving relatively good results in challenging times and exceptional results in a stronger market. The demand picture in the quarter reflected broad based strength across all regions and all product categories with notebooks leading the way. Our product mix was also a notable highlight. Demand for our latest generation of processors, both PC and server, was particularly strong providing an ASP uplift in the quarter.  Inventory levels remain in good shape with OEM component inventories roughly flat quarter-over-quarter and below levels of a year ago. Distributor inventories are down sequentially. The combination of much stronger sell through and lower year-over-year inventory levels gives us comfort that the supply chain continues to operate very efficiently.  Looking across our product segments servers had a very strong quarter. The value proposition of Nehalem is clearly evident and we are seeing a demand shift towards the high end of the performance stack, improving average selling prices. Looking ahead over the next three months we are planning to refresh our entire server product line with the new 32nm Xeon in the single, dual and multiprocessor segments.  It is noteworthy to point out that the Nehalem EX, our multiprocessor version, represents the biggest leap in performance in the history of the Xeon brand. We remain in an excellent position to benefit from the build out of cloud infrastructure as well as the reconfiguration of existing space centers for power performance efficiency improvements.   Our Atom processor business also continues to do very well both in netbooks as well as in winning new designs for our growth initiatives. Atom design momentum is very strong with our new Pine Trail platform in over 80 netbook designs. In the embedded space we now have over 600 Atom based design wins and over 2,500 design engagements across 230 customers, 93 of which are brand new customers to Intel.  At CES we also demonstrated progress with handheld and consumer electronics platforms built around Atom cores that were very well received. We demonstrated for the first time the LG GW990, a smart phone built with our yet to be released Atom Moorestown platform which was awarded Best Smart Phone of the show. This demonstrates the power of our architecture in bringing an uncompromising computing experience to handheld devices. Expect more meaningful news and announcements around these businesses during 2010.  Our notebook business was exceptional this quarter with demand very strong across the globe. We have been carefully preparing for the shift to mobile and our product strategy is a reflection of that. To further enhance our PC lineup, at CES we formally launched 27 new processors produced with our leading edge 32 nm process technology, the biggest consumer launch of new processors since Centrino.  Our new core processors are the first ever mainstream PC processors to integrate the graphics engine onto the CPU. This is Moore’s law at work driving increased performance and improved power and foreign factor characteristics to our new platforms. Our new graphics engine is notable in that it offers full HD video, great mainstream gaming and enhanced 3D capability. I am happy to report that early demand for these products is excellent.  In closing, we had an outstanding quarter and enter 2010 in a very strong position. We have delivered breakthroughs in our product offerings and our competitive positioning through the Tick Tock development model. Our recently launched 32 nm process technology is the critical process capability that will not only bring computing to new levels but also allow us to broadly offer Atom system on chips into many new product categories. We are pleased with our current momentum and look forward to an exciting year in 2010.  With that let me turn the time over to Stacy for a few comments. 
Stacy Smith :  Thanks Paul. The fourth quarter was one of our most profitable quarters ever due to a combination of solid execution, the ramp of innovative new products and a healthy consumer market.  Fourth quarter revenue of $10.6 billion was up 28% from a year ago, the largest year-over-year percent increase in more than a decade. Our financial results reflect both significant improvements in our cost structure and higher microprocessor average selling prices. The impact of these improvements can be seen in the gross margin percent of 65% which was up 7 points from the third quarter and is the highest gross margin percent in our history.  In the fourth quarter we achieved $2.5 billion in operating profit and $2.3 billion in net income. The PC market has recovered nicely with our microprocessor revenue excluding Atom growing 42% since the market bottomed in the first quarter. In the same time period, Atom microprocessors and associated chip sets have grown to $438 million in revenue in the fourth quarter and $1.4 billion for the year.  Fourth quarter gross margin benefited from lower inventory write offs, improving costs and our exceptional product line up as we ramped and sold the first products manufactured on our 32 nm process technology. Total inventories increased $450 million due to these new 32 nm products.  For 2009 gross margin was 56% including a 20 point increase from Q1 to Q4. For 2010 we are forecasting continued strong gross margin with the midpoint of our annual forecast at 61%. As a result of capital reuse and achieving efficiencies we were able to ramp 32 nm process technology and still bring down our capital forecast from our expectation at the beginning of the year.  Our capital purchases for the year of $4.5 billion is down from our original forecast of around $5.2 billion and was less than the annual depreciation run rate. Operating expenses remain in tight control. This is most clearly seen in spending as a percent of revenue. In the fourth quarter spending for R&D and MG&A as a percent of revenue remained constant at 29%, down from 35% in the first quarter and 32% in the second quarter.  The number of employees decreased by 1,000 people in the fourth quarter as a result of planned factory actions announced early in 2009. Revenue per employee for the year was $440,000, the third highest in our history.  The fourth quarter of 2009 demonstrates the strength of our execution and business model. Excluding the impact of the $1.25 billion AMD settlement agreement taken in the fourth quarter operating profit was quarterly record $3.7 billion and as a percent of revenue was 35%. Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments and debt security trading assets ended the quarter at $13.9 billion, $1 billion higher than the third quarter.  Cash flow from operations was more than $3 billion. During the fourth quarter we paid the AMD settlement agreement, paid nearly $800 million in dividends and purchased $1.1 billion in capital assets.  For the first quarter we are forecasting a seasonal decrease in revenue, taking the midpoint of our forecast range to $9.7 billion, a 36% increase in the first quarter of 2009. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to decrease four points from the fourth quarter to 61%. In addition to the impact of the unit decline, the decrease is primarily due to the higher costs associated with the early ramp of the 32 nm based products.  The fourth quarter was a strong finish to what turned out to be a good year. The improvements we have made to our cost structure and efficiency levels have led to exceptional financial results in the fourth quarter and served as a strong foundation upon which we can build in 2010 as we refresh our product line and ramp 32 nm process technology.  With that let me turn it back to Kevin. 
R. Kevin Sellers :  Thanks Stacy and Paul. We would now be happy to take your questions. As most of you know, Intel has a large number of analysts that cover our company. Like we did last quarter and in an effort to include as many of you as we can, we will be limiting each caller to one question only. If you need clarification on that question do please ask. We want to make sure we answer your question adequately but please no follow-up’s and no multi part questions. Operator, go ahead and introduce the first question. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank :  A question on what your mix assumptions are for your first quarter and full year 2010 gross margin guidance? 
Stacy Smith :  Let me start with what we saw in the fourth quarter. I think that kind of serves as a baseline and then we will talk about Q1 and 2010. What we saw in the fourth quarter was really a very rich mix. We saw strength across the board on our new products and in particular what we saw was as we took first production on 32 nm we filled from the top. There was good market acceptance of those products. So a combination of that led to a rich mix in the fourth quarter.  I expect that comes back down into a more normal mix range as we go across 2010. In particular we will be bringing out mainstream and value versions of the 32 nm products and that should say that the sales mix gets into a more normal range as we progress across the next several quarters. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank : And that will offset any of the enterprise improving year-over-year? 
Stacy Smith :  From an overall average selling price standpoint for 2010 we are predicting kind of a normal decline year-over-year. Keep in mind we have lots of things that go up and down. We will have a rich mix in the beginning of enterprise coming in but at the end of the day we do bring pricing down because we see unit growth potential in the consumer segment of the market and emerging markets. There is price elasticity there so that is kind of consistent with what you have seen from us the last several years. The price comes down, we drive unit growth with that and that ends up driving incremental gross margin dollars. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tim Luke - Barclays Capital. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital : I was wondering if you could clarify how you perceive you would like your inventory levels to trend as you move through the first quarter and through the year. If you could provide any incremental color on the mix of the inventory that seemed to move up somewhat in the calendar fourth quarter with your stronger revenue. 
Stacy Smith :  In Q4 it pretty much unfolded as we expected and as articulated on the last call. We saw an increase in inventory entirely due to the new 32 nm product. If you look at it on a unit basis it is pretty much flat quarter on quarter but we did have the cost associated with 32 nm, those early wafers tend to be pretty high cost products and as you have seen us do in prior transitions of new process technology we pretty quickly build inventory on the new stuff. You saw it in Q4. I expect to build a little bit more inventory in Q1 as I ramp 32 nm products. It won’t be the same magnitude we saw this quarter but it will be up some. Then it starts looking a little more normal as it progresses through the year relative to demand. But this is what we do as we ramp a new process technology. It is pretty normal and it is consistent with what I was expecting when I started the quarter. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital : I think you said your channel inventory was flat in the [inaudible] and the comment on the OEM inventory could you just reiterate that? 
Paul Otellini :  I think I said it was down sequentially. Of our product. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital : And the OEMs? 
Paul Otellini :  I think you will have to ask the OEMs on their call. Our view are complementary [inventory] in the hubs and the see through to the hubs we have suggests that they are roughly flat quarter-over-quarter and well under a year ago. 
Stacy Smith :  If you just kind of step back on this one when we look across the supply chain, it is a very complex supply chain, so looking at our authorized channel those inventories are down and visibility into a lot of the OEM inventories and a lot of that is now held in our hub and what we see in the down channel so retail, the shipping lanes and stuff, what we see is a healthy level of inventory relative to the demand we see out over the next couple of quarters. 
Paul Otellini :  I would add two things. One is our largest two customers have their quarters ending in January. Secondly, Chinese New Year is a bit earlier this year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: You have three quarters in a row of double digit growth. I just went back to the model and I had to go back to the late 80’s I think to see that. I guess a lot of people are probably going to be wondering what happens next. You talk about the inventory and I guess my question is can you help us understand what percentage of your revenues where you have visibility into the inventories? Can you see pretty much 100% of the inventory at every place you sell into? Does the release of your products in Q1 of the new product cycle in Q1 versus Q3 does that risk changing any kind of customer order patterns? 
Paul Otellini :  I got a little lost in the question there. Let me take a shot and if I missed something you asked we will come back to it. The part of your question on what is our visibility into the supply chain, it is not perfect. It is a broad complex market out there that ranges from emerging markets with small white box players to big [MNCs]. I would say it is pretty good. We have I think a fairly sophisticated way to look across and see how much inventory is out there. Relative to what we believe demand is I think it is an appropriate level of inventory. 
Stacy Smith :  A little more color on that our distributor inventory we have 100% visibility into and that is about 25-30% of our business in units and dollars so that is the number I gave that was down sequentially. The OEM inventory we have hub systems with our largest customers representing the vast majority of our OEM volume and so you are dealing with something well above 50%. I don’t know the exact numbers but I expect in the aggregate between OEM hubs and distribution it is 75% of the numbers. So we have very good visibility into it. On the Q1 cycle we actually moved towards a Q1 refresh cycle quite some time ago.  It was better for our customers. They liked it. They don’t want to have a disruption before holiday so it either is in the early summer, late Q2, or is in January and February. That works out best for them in terms of inventory management and gets new products out there for what is becoming a big part of the cycle, and that is Chinese New Year’s. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Uche Orji – UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: A way to understand your 2010 outlook especially related to gross margin, given the way 2009 played out what is your sense as to how 2010 seasonality will play out especially if you can touch on corporate spending since we saw it flush in Q4. Should we anticipate some more spending from corporate in the future? 
Paul Otellini :  I don’t know how it is going to play out. Our view in terms of what we have built into our model for 2010 is a normal seasonal year off of a very good Q4. So in general when you extrapolate that out and do the math it gets you to double digit growth year-over-year because of the high peak in Q4 and the trough you had in the first half of 2009. We are building into our number set a modest recovery of corporate purchases of PCs. That is we are not building in anything extraordinary out of that. Just sort of normal return to deployment as the evaluation cycles for the new hardware and Windows 7 gets completed.  What we are benefiting from in the second half of the year and I think we will continue to benefit from throughout this year is the extraordinary return on investment that is incurred by deploying new server technologies. The last technology was sort of a 9 to 1 ROI kind of technology. As we deploy the new Xeon products out it is 15 and 20 to 1. So we think that is compelling. The power conservation associated with that is compelling and it is one of the things that gives us optimism independent of PC refresh in the enterprise for 2010. 
Stacy Smith :  The other part of your question was gross margin seasonality. I would say it is a typical year from that perspective. We put out the forecast for Q1. 61% is the midpoint of that forecast range. Typically we would see a second quarter from a unit standpoint is going to be seasonally down. That means that typically the second quarter gross margin is going to be a bit below that 61% and then when we get into the second half of the year my expectation is it is above that 61% and that is how we get to 61% on average for the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman – Broadpoint. 
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint: If we look at your business model and all of the effort being placed on new growth streams of revenue can you talk about the impact you expect that to have on the longer term operating model and especially on the operating income line? 
Stacy Smith :  I am going to go through that in quite a bit more detail in the upcoming May investor meeting so I think I will save the longer answer for that. I will just say our expectation is based on our performance leadership, software compatibility and the value proposition around i8 we can grow those businesses with a very healthy product margin, not dilute the overall gross margins of the company…we are on record as saying that, and I think if you look at the two businesses that are significant size today they are consistent with that belief. Our embedded business is a $1 billion plus business. It is running at product margins that are a little bit ahead of what the rest of our core business is. Atom and Netbooks we have grown that to now be a $1.4 billion force in 2009 also at a product margin that is right in there with the rest of the core business. So that is our expectation and we will talk more at the investor meeting. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin – Jefferies. 
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies : Just a question on price elasticity. Obviously in 2009 the end market pricing for PCs came down pretty dramatically, roughly 20-30% in some instances. I am just curious as you plan for 2010 how you are thinking about that driving the elasticity of unit growth that we saw in 2009 and how it could potentially impact pricing plus or minus. 
Paul Otellini :  2009 was a funny year as we all went through and know. The first half of the year the lights had gone off. What we saw over the course of the year was growth particularly in notebooks and netbooks around consumer purchases. This was not a robust year for corporate purchases. That alone, that mix shift alone to consumer and away from corporate was part of the reasons you saw PC prices on average dropping faster than you would have ordinarily seen. That is point one.  Point two is there really wasn’t a new refresh cycle in terms of hardware last year. We had versions of our core product line out there but they were extensions of the existing technology. There was nothing really to drive sell up. The new core products we have just introduced particularly the i5 and i7 have great new technology in terms of the wireless display technology and turbo which gives you the performance boost when you need it and power savings when you don’t. I think the early excitement on those two product lines gives us some cause for optimism even in consumer space for an improved sell up cycle. 
Adam Benjamin – Jefferies :  So it is fair to say as you are planning for 2010 you are thinking those two dynamics; one a mix shift back to the enterprise and one with new products can drive end market pricing back up and should help you drive your ASPs up as well? 
Paul Otellini :  No, I didn’t quite get there. Those were mature market comments. On top of that I think there will be continued growth like there has been over the last 3-4 years in emerging markets where the emerging markets outpace the mature ones. Clearly in emerging markets the average selling price of computers is lower than it is in New York City. 
Stacy Smith :  I think it is important to separate the mix within the segment of the market from the overall mix of our sales. We are refreshing products likely to have a nice benefit from that inside of each of the segments but the driver over the last 4-5 years has been emerging markets growing faster than mature markets, consumer growing faster than the rest of the market and there is good price elasticity there. It benefits us to bring the price down and sell our technology into those segments. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F.
Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F.: My question is on operating expenses. You showed good discipline in the quarterly results of 2009 and when I look at your first quarter guidance of $3 billion for $9.7 billion of revenue I am a little bit surprised because it is roughly the same revenue number you had in the first quarter of 2008 yet your operating expenses are $200 million lower. So I just wonder what changed and why you are not seeing better leverage? 
Stacy Smith :  Let me take a shot at that. First off let me go back to the commitment that Paul and I have made historically. We are still absolutely on the path that over time we are bringing down spending as a percent of revenue. I think we have had some good results in the last couple of quarters and our goal over time is we are going to continue to do that.  When we look at 2010 we kind of think of our spending in a couple of different ways. First off, we are making some investments in R&D projects this year. We have had five years in a row of year-over-year employment decline. We will actually grow employment a little bit in 2010. So you haven’t seen that from us in a long time. We have some high return on investment projects where we are going to go and make some incremental investments.  Secondly, there are a series of things that aren’t really related to the employment level that are going to impact the spending level in 2010. One is the categorization of how we categorize process engineering from year to year. Remember last year it was cost of sales. This year it is R&D. So that shift happens in kind of a digital fashion and that impacts the quarter-to-quarter walk you are doing. We are giving raises. We have revenue dependent initiatives that are going to be higher than last year. So the combination of those two things is really what you are seeing on the spending line. Neither of those changes the commitment that we are getting great results through our focus on efficiency and we plan to continue to bring that down over time. 
Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F.: For full year if I look at your first quarter guidance of $3 billion and full year guidance of $11.8 billion are you suggesting that even if you continue to hire your operating expenses will remain roughly flat quarterly or is there any other way to think about this? 
Stacy Smith :  I am not making a specific forecast for any quarter in the year and I am not making a specific forecast for 2010. We have articulated a goal as a longer term goal of bringing down spending as a percent of revenue. We have made good progress on that and we are going to continue to drive it over a longer term horizon. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein. 
Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein : I would like to follow-up on that OpEx question from Manish. If I look at the OpEx this quarter guidance are down a little bit but it is still around $3 billion and you have total OpEx for the year pretty close to 12 which would imply flat OpEx on an average basis going forward. This is a case now where you potentially have like you said OpEx moving from cost of goods back into R&D. You are building out new businesses that you are not in right now in the mobile space and what not. I am just wondering, if you can walk us a little bit more through some of your assumptions around the OpEx growth going forward and that number that makes up the guidance for 2010? 
Paul Otellini :  So I am answering the right question, is your question on why is it so flat over the course of the year? 
Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein : I am actually wondering why it is not up a little bit more than it is given you have these other drivers. With the process development moving back into R&D and with new businesses you are ramping from relatively nascent amounts today I am just wondering why the OpEx growth wouldn’t be expected to be actually higher than kind of the flat level that seems to be implied off of the Q1 guidance? 
Stacy Smith :  The OpEx growth when you kind of think about it over the course of the year there are a couple of those elements that just get spread quarter-to-quarter. So the categorization of the research and development happened digitally. I failed to mention we are also picking up Wind River in 2010. That was an acquisition that we did in the back half of last year so that is kind of spread across every quarter. We do the same with the profit and revenue dependent spending. So it is probably a little flatter than you would expect.  The increase in R&D projects in the scheme of things doesn’t move the number that much. As we have been, we are finding efficiencies in other places that offset some of that. So when you kind of take all that alchemy together you end up with a number that is kind of flattish quarter by quarter by quarter. 
Stacy Rasgon – Sanford Bernstein : And you don’t need to build any more SG&A to start selling more into the mobile space, for example, with the new Atom application? 
Stacy Smith :  No our finance group is so efficient we can sell a lot more than we are today. They are efficient as well as Paul points out. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung – Citigroup.  
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Can you quantify how much ASPs were up in Q4 and how much you expect them to be down? What is normal ASP decline for a year? 
Stacy Smith :  I can do it at some level of precision because all of those hit the gross margin reconciliation. So if we start with Q4 and you kind of think about the gross margin in Q4 and the increase we saw, the ASP accounted for about two points of that increase. When we think about the course of 2010 I am showing the 2010 gross margin reconciliation versus 2009 that I think the decline in ASP is worth about 2-3 points and I would say that order of magnitude is pretty normal. Q1 will be a small step on the way I think in the gross margin recon over time you will see that is about half a point down in the first quarter. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: If you say it was worth two points in a quarter of gross margin does that imply the average ASP was down 2%? 
Stacy Smith :  Up. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Up. The same magnitude of how we should read that? 
Paul Otellini :  We all struggle to say we are up and we don’t see that all that often because of the phenomenon we said. I think you can work through the gross margin math on that. You will come up with something a little different than 2-3% but the gross margin was up. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Pitzer - Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: I want to revisit the mix question for this year. With your guidance of 2010 we will see normal ASP degradation. You kind of have some tailwinds that should be helping you. Consumer moves to corporate. You have the server cycle. You could make the argument that you will have a more robust [inaudible] product line this year and you have the introduction of [inaudible]. I am kind of struggling with why this wouldn’t be a better than average selling price year. Is this sort of an implication that Atom reaccelerates as a percent of the mix or can you help me reconcile what I see as more tailwinds than headwinds on ASP? 
Stacy Smith :  I will try and give you some color on that. I’m not sure I can fill in all the holes. We are all guessing. No one knows for sure. As I said earlier we are not programming into our guidance or our estimates any kind of overnight recovery of the corporate market. I think for a variety of reasons that will start coming back but it will come back based upon eval cycles, qualification cycles and IT shops and then as corporate budgets open up they have to decide whether they want to first buy PCs or servers. I think in terms of IT equipment. We really haven’t seen enough so far except for the server run up in the second half to be confident on when and what the rate of corporate PC refresh would be. Although we have built some into this number.  Two, in terms of Atom we have now been at this for 18 months or a little more than that. Up to this point in time with all that data we have not seen any meaningful cannibalization of the notebook market by netbooks. Netbooks look to be 90% of them are clearly additive and they are clearly going into market segments that were unaddressed prior to this. In the first 18 months of the netbooks most people who bought them were buying them as incremental machines or travel companions. Principally in mature markets or tier one cities of emerging markets. I think in 2010 you will start seeing that phenomenon moving into emerging markets. As that does there may be a slightly higher mix of that but it certainly wouldn’t be cannibalistic to our notebook business.  So we are kind of playing all these together in a stew and saying this is how we see the year coming out. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : On the 32 nm product or the new architecture products that really helped your selling prices in the fourth quarter I guess was that the primary driver for ASPs [within the] that given the volumes were not very large or did your older 45 nm generation product also help the ASP? Did you sell a much higher mix within the 45 nm products? 
Stacy Smith :  Within the client group it was I would say a mix of both but the 32 nm effect was pretty pronounced. As Paul said in his prepared remarks we brought out dozens of new products across the client on 32 nm. The way we plan our manufacturing is we kind of started the manufacturing at the highest end first and worked our way down and we are still working our way down into the mainstream and value price points. So that was a pretty pronounced impact in terms of the mix we sold in Q4. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Despite the fact this wasn’t a big volume component of what you sold within the client business? 
Stacy Smith :  It was a not insignificant component of what we sold. We ramped these factors pretty fast. You can see it in our inventory results and in our sales mix. Or I can see it in our sales mix. We don’t show it to you. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of James Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Could you give us some estimate with what you are going to do in factory loadings in Q1 and Q2? 
Paul Otellini :  Probably not at the level of granularity you are hoping for but I will give you a sense. Another one in May we are pretty specific and we will show you kind of quarter by quarter utilization as well as the forecast going into the future. We are in the sweet spot of loading. We are running nicely full. We have the ability to respond to some upside. We always want to have some of that but we are full to the point we are getting really good cost results. I would expect that to be the norm for this year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Graham Tanaka – Tanaka Capital Management. 
Graham Tanaka – Tanaka Capital Management : A little more on the 32 nm ramp. Pretty fast can I get a feel for what proportion of sales might have been 32 and more importantly what that might be by the end of the year. It seems to be that is probably one of the more important reasons for the bulk of sales ASPs going up in the margin is the 32 ramp being faster than expected and higher utilization? 
Paul Otellini :  I wouldn’t say it is faster than expected. We expected it to be pretty fast. Beyond that I will punt on that one as well and we will show you that data in May when we have the investor meeting. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : Can you explain why the first quarter gross margin guidance is 61% and then the year is also only 61% and any other color around that? 
Stacy Smith :  I would be happy to. I will apologize in advance because I think to explain Q1 I have to explain Q4 and to explain the year I have to kind of have to go through a lot. So if you will bear with me I will do that.  Q4 came in several of the elements as we expected. We did see good news associated with the qualification for sale of the 32 nm products as well as sell through of some of the previously reserved material there. That was about 2.5 points of the increase we saw in Q4. We got the good news we were expecting in CPU volumes. They were seasonally up in the quarter. We got the good news we were expecting in lower excess capacity. In fact our excess capacity charges have now gone to zero for the quarter which we haven’t been there since the end of last year.  The places where it was a little unexpected was the bump we saw in CPU ASPs. That was a couple of points of good news I wasn’t expecting when I first set the forecast. I was a little better in terms of unit cost than I expected. Not a lot but a little.  Then you move into Q1. The drivers that take us from 64% down to 61%, first 65%...it is hard for me to even say that as an all time record. 65% down to 61%. The first is we are going to see some higher CPU costs. This is very consistent with what I showed you at the investor meeting last May. Those first wafers coming off of 32 nm as we are loading the factories tend to be pretty expensive. That is what ended up in inventory. That is what ships out in Q1. That is going to drive a little bit of a cost increase and then we kind of come down as we go through the year. So very consistent with what I showed you there. It is a seasonally down quarter from Q4 so we get a little bit of downward pressure as a result of lower CPU sales volumes.  I do expect in Q1 my mix was a little less rich than what I sold in Q4. That is about half a point. So that is how you get to the 61%. I will pause there and see if that makes sense and then I will take you through the year so I don’t get too far ahead of you. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : It does. 
Stacy Smith :  In a previous question I kind of gave what I expected to be the shape of the year. We start at 61%. Q2 tends to be seasonally down but so I expect that to be down from 61%. Then if you do the math you would say we are forecasting a second half gross margin that is something above 61% in the low 60’s. I think the debate you and I will have why is that in the low 60’s versus the mid 60’s and it really comes back to the conversation we have been having on ASP. A lot of things go right to get us into that low 60’s. We have got unit costs coming down, a relatively benign period in terms of other costs of sales so we don’t have significant start up costs or excess capacity charges or anything like that.  Paul articulated we are anticipating robust unit growth. That keeps the factories pretty full but we are anticipating that pricing comes down some from where we are today. That brings us down a couple or few points over the course of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva – Kaufman Bros. 
Suji De Silva – Kaufman Bros. : A follow-up to that question on gross margin. What could make your 61% assumption for the year conservative? What are some of your assumptions that might be able to upside there just to understand the level here? 
Stacy Smith :  Great question. First of all we have to put that 61% into perspective. 61% is a great gross margin. It says a lot of things are going right for us so I don’t want to jinx this by talking about what has to go from a great gross margin to a perfect gross margin if you will. The forecast is assuming declining unit costs. It is assuming we are in kind of a benign cycle in terms of startup costs and other costs of sales. It is assuming good volume and all of that is baked in. We also see just continued great performance out of the factory network from a productivity and an efficiency standpoint and that helps our costs. If you wanted a scenario that would take us higher than that it would be a flattening out of the ASP curve or a richer mix or more units than what we have baked in and likewise I could come up with a list that takes me into the lower end of the range where we have a less rich mix or unit growth isn’t as robust as we thought and our factories aren’t as full. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray. 
Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray: Real quickly I am curious if you can talk a little bit about the carrier as a channel and as you are thinking about upside for the year maybe that will play a factor? Do you feel comfortable you are going to have enough capacity? 
Paul Otellini :  The carrier channel has been around for awhile in notebooks. It is good but it is not explosive. What we saw in netbooks in the fourth quarter or the last 3-4 months of the year was carriers became a very significant portion of the volume of netbooks. Probably in a range of 25%. What led me to my comments earlier about netbook growth in emerging markets was really based upon our view that the carrier model will be very efficient in those markets because it is low entry price, subsidized model just like cell phones are and you get the PC and the bandwidth at the same time.  I think that is likely to be a good piece of the netbook business. A growing piece of the netbook business over the course of 2010. In terms of upside, we have built pretty significant growth to that into the number set already so I don’t know there will be much upside there.  Secondly, in terms of capacity I don’t see any issues on the horizon. We are planning for a very high end robust growth from a capacity standpoint in terms of the wafer starts we need to put in place and even then we have time to make some incremental decisions for the fourth quarter 2010 kind of volumes over the course of this year. So we will watch the first half of the year and then make the calls. Right now we believe we have enough buffer capacity coming on particularly in the 32 nm ramp and we have the older 45 nm line still intact to be able to handle virtually anything I can imagine being thrown at us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: A question on the embedded/other Intel architecture. If you could give some color on what your expectations are for 2010. You mentioned 600 design wins. What is your expectation from time of design win to revenue with all those new design wins? 
Paul Otellini :  Let me speak to design wins and Stacy will tell you what he thinks of being better and a direction on that. Typically there is no such thing as an average design win in embedded. Typically it is sort of a year to 18 months from initial conversation to production. Along the way in that initial conversation you end up closing the design maybe 1/3 of the way through that. A lot of these units tend to run for multiple years. In some cases 10 years. Our embedded business has grown at double digit percent for the last three years. It will continue to I think out grow the company in terms of revenue but I am not going to give you a precise number. 
Stacy Smith :  Does that answer your question or did you have another question about other Intel architecture segment? I wasn’t sure. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: No. That pretty much answers my question. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James. 
Hans Mosesmann – Raymond James : A question about the transition of Westmere as it replaces [Penron]. How quickly can we see the cross over there in terms of units and if you could also explain with regard to Pine Trail over the existing Atom? 
Paul Otellini :  I think on the first part of the question Stacy already answered that we are not in a position to show you that number today and we will show you in gruesome detail at the analyst meeting in a couple of months.  What we are doing with this cycle in general is using the technology to move 32 nm into the mainstream more quickly than we did with 45. The rate of crossover between 32 and 45 will be more a function of second half demand in total than capacity planning to cut one off versus the other. If demand is red hot the transition will be slower even though we will ramp 32 as fast as possible and if it less red hot it will be slower. In terms of Pine Trail I think we will move pretty quickly to transition that. 
R. Kevin Sellers :  I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. As a reminder the quiet period for the first quarter will begin at the close of business on February 26, 2010. Our first quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for Tuesday, April 13, 2010. Thank you all and good night. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-13 17:30:00) =====
Executives: R. Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: Uche Orji - UBS Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch  Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets  Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Glen Yeung - Citigroup Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray Doug Freedman - Broadpoint John Barton - Cowen & Company Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Tim Luke - Barclays Capital  James Covello - Goldman Sachs David Wong - Wells Fargo Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Alex Gauna - JMP Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q3 2009 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thank you and welcome everyone to Intel's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am joined today by our Chief Executive Officer, Paul Otellini, and Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith.  Our earnings release and updated financial statements were released today at approximately 1:15 Pacific Daylight time and can be found on our investor website, intc.com.  This quarter we introduced a change to our earnings process by posting earlier today to our investor website additional management commentary and context about our quarterly results. This was done in an effort to create better understanding of the results prior to the call, something we felt would improve the interactive dialog with management during this meeting. We hope this change is helpful and as always would love to hear your feedback so we can continue to try and improve our disclosure practices.  As we begin our call, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  If during our call today there are any non-GAAP financial references made, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations on our investor website. So with that, let me hand it over to Paul for some comments followed by brief remarks from Stacy. Paul. 
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. We are very pleased with the company’s third quarter. The strong financial performance is a result of having the right products at the right cost at the right time for a recovering global economy. The strength in our business remains primarily consumer driven with broad-based demand across all geographies. Our mobile business had a particularly strong quarter -- in fact, we saw the sequential unit growth rate of notebook processors and chipsets actually exceed the growth rate of Atom processors and chipsets. While Atom and netbooks are important growth drivers for us, our traditional notebook business remains one of the primary drivers of revenue growth and we expect that to continue in the future.  In the server segment, we are pleased with the acceptance of Nehalem in the enterprise. While overall enterprise spending remains weak, the compelling value proposition of Nehalem is generating growth opportunities even in a down economy and will be a strong profit driver for Intel in the coming quarters.  On a regional basis, China had a particularly strong quarter and continued to show strength during the just completed Golden Week. The U.S. continued to ride strong consumer sales with the back-to-school cycle exceeding our expectations. Sequentially, Japan showed very healthy growth and Europe growth was slightly above seasonal trends.  I know that many of you listening today are concerned about inventory levels and the state of sell-through around the world. Let me share just a couple of important data points.  First, our channel sales out have shown healthy sequential growth for three quarters in a row, with channel sales out this quarter actually exceeding the activity we saw in Q3 of 2008.  Inventory in the channel remains slightly below normal levels, reflecting both good sell-through as well as disciplined inventory management.  At our large OEM customers, component inventories are roughly half the peak level of late last year and have been approximately flat throughout 2009. Much of this is due to our implementation of inventory hubs, where we hold the inventory for our large OEM customers who then pull inventory only as needed. This helps our customers better manage their inventory levels while giving us increased visibility into real-time system production levels.  We watched supply chain inventory very carefully and believe the pipeline has been appropriately rebuilt to support increased end demand and yet remains well below the peak we saw at the end of 2008.  I also want to highlight the excellent performance of our factory network. Our internal inventories continue to run quite lean, with factory throughput improvements providing us with the ability to respond to demand changes far more quickly and effectively than ever before.  Our product cost declines are significant and are a reflection of improved loadings, better equipment re-use, and exceptional yields. All of this leads to better-than-expected costs across our newer technologies, allowing us to expand margins in a difficult economic environment.  In closing, let me briefly mention the biggest drive of our product differentiation in the marketplace and that is our process technology leadership. At our IDF event last month in San Francisco, I shared that we had shipped over 200 million 45-nanometer processors to date. I am very pleased to note that this quarter, we begin volume production of our newest process technology at 32-nanometers. Our 32-nanometer process is stunning technology that incorporates second generation of high [K] metal gate transistors. As we ramp this new technology, we will be refreshing our entire product line, providing better performance, lower costs, and lower power consumption for all of our platforms. Importantly, 32-nanometer process technology also allows us to accelerate system on-chip implementation to the Intel architecture, providing Intel with new growth opportunities in the coming years.  With that, let me turn it over to Stacy for a few brief remarks. 
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. The combination of strong execution and a strengthening market led to exceptional financial results. Better-than-expected demand in the microprocessor and chipset businesses led to the largest sequential third quarter revenue growth in over 30 years. Gross margin percent at 58% was up nearly seven points from the second quarter. Operating profit was up 80% and net income was up 77%, excluding the impact of the $1.45 billion EC fine taken in the second quarter.  The PC market segment is recovering nicely, with our microprocessor revenue excluding Atom growing 23% since the market bottomed in the first quarter. In the same time period, Atom microprocessors and associated chipsets have grown to $450 million in revenue in the third quarter and $1 billion year-to-date.  Gross margin benefited from exceptional execution in the third quarter. We responded to our customers’ up-side request and achieved a significant reduction in costs, resulting in a 58% gross margin, a nearly seven point increase from the third quarter.  As a result of capital re-use and achieving efficiencies, our capital forecast of $4.5 billion is now less than the annual depreciation run-rate. Operating expenses are in tight control. This is most clearly seen in spending as a percent of revenue. In the third quarter, spending for R&D and MG&A as a percent of revenue improved 2.5 percentage points to 29%. We achieved this result inclusive of the [bi-annual] shifts of process engineers moving from cost of sales to R&D.  The number of employees increased less than 300 people in the third quarter, including the completion of the Wind River acquisition.  Our business model is generating both profits and cash. Third quarter operating profit was $2.6 billion, up 80% from $1.4 billion excluding the EC fine, and as a percent of revenue grew 9.6 points to 27%. Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and debt security trading assets, ended the quarter at $12.9 billion, $1.6 billion higher than the second quarter. Cash flow from operations was approximately $4 billion.  During the quarter, we paid the EC fine, purchased Wind River, bought back $1.7 billion in stock, paid nearly $800 million in dividends, and purchased $944 million in capital assets. Additionally, we issued $2 billion of convertible debt.  For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting a seasonal increase in revenue, taking the midpoint of our forecast range to $10.1 billion, a 23% increase from the fourth quarter of 2008. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to increase another 4.5 points to 62%.  The third quarter results and the forecast for the fourth quarter show the superior financial results that can be generated by the combination of a recovering market, strong execution, and a leadership product portfolio that serves markets spanning from servers to notebooks to netbooks. The factories are executing superbly and we are showing good financial discipline. These attributes are leading to the financial results we are seeing today and they serve as a strong foundation from which we can build in the future.  With that, let me turn it back to Kevin. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Okay, thanks, Stacy and Paul. We’ll now be happy to take your questions. In another slight change to our process, we’d like to limit each questioner to one question only, which will allow for more people that would like to ask a question the opportunity to do so. [Chanel], we’re now ready for our first questioner. 
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Uche Orgi with UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Let me just ask about inventories -- I mean, there’s been a lot of talk, Paul, about double ordering into China -- let me just ask you, your in-house inventory right now is well below historical levels. Is this the new normal, given reduced cycle times? Or should we expect to rebuild through the rest of Q4 into first half of 2010? And related to that, can you just also talk about what you are seeing in terms of corporate spending -- was there any little bit of corporate spending embedded in the Q4 guidance or should we expect more from corporate in 2010?
R. Kevin Sellers: We’re going to pick the first question, kind of keep it to one question, if we could, so we’ll do the first one. 
Uche Orji - UBS: I had to try. 
R. Kevin Sellers: I got it -- we love your effort.  
Stacy J. Smith: It was a run-on sentence approach to one question, I got it. Let me take -- the internal inventory question, let me take it and I am sure Paul will get other questions on channel inventory as well as we go forward here. From an internal inventory standpoint, we’re lower than I like right now. We want to get some inventory in place in Q4. Part of that is we’re just running a little leaner. We were surprised by some of the unit upsides we saw over the course of the third quarter and we want to replenish and we are also, as we are on the cusp of the transition to 32-nanometer, if you look historically at the time where we put a little bit more inventory in place to just buffer both sides of the demand/supply equation, so I plan to grow inventories a bit in the fourth quarter. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Stacy, a question for you on the fourth quarter gross margin outlook -- obviously very strong. My only question was you have indicated in your transcript that there’s a point from higher CPU volumes in terms of a benefit. I guess my question was is mix assumed flat, and then along the same lines, given that your excess capacity charges are dropping off and your fab loadings are increasing as you build inventory, why not a higher bump just from volumes into Q4?
Stacy J. Smith: On the first question of mix, we’ll likely see a slightly richer mix of CPU shipments in the fourth quarter than we do in the third quarter. Remember the way the supply chain works and we think the supply chain is looking pretty normal right now, if they put some chipset inventory in place in the third quarter and then they couple it with a CPU in the fourth quarter, so probably a little richer mix to CPUs in the fourth. That, coupled with just an increase in volume, is about a point of the gross margin.  To your excess capacity question, the answer is we’ll be out of excess capacity charges by the end of the fourth quarter so we’ve kind of took some significant charges in -- end of Q4, Q1. We saw some improvement in Q2 and Q3 with the further improvement that we are forecasting for Q4. You know, those will be zero, in essence, as we leave the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : Congratulations on the strong results and kudos on the conference call process improvement. I guess on the gross margin, can you help us understand where capacity utilizations are at and what kind of capacity you have for 2010 growth? And then also as part of that, if you look at the last time your revenues were about at this level -- 
R. Kevin Sellers: Craig? I think we lost Craig. Chanel, are you still there?
Operator: Yes, sir. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : -- why that’s happened?
R. Kevin Sellers: We lost you, Craig. We got the first part of your question but you went out for a minute and you’ll have to restate that. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : So utilizations and then the last time you guys were at $10.1 billion in Q308, your gross margins were about three to four points lower. Can you talk about some of the structural improvements that have happened over the last year?
Stacy J. Smith: To your utilization question, I showed a chart at the investor meeting that showed my expectations for the year. We are a little ahead of that so in Q4 from a factory utilization standpoint, we are right in what I would call the optimal range. We’ve articulated we’re kind of between 80% and 90%, gives us the ability to achieve really good cost and also have some capability to deal with upsides on specific products, so that’s where we are at.  And then to your gross margin question, it’s really the work we’ve been doing over the last three years. We’re in a situation where we are able to re-use a significant amount of capacity from 45 to 32 -- that’s going to be helpful to us. You can see that in our CapEx line. You can see our costs coming down, our throughput times are coming down, our output per piece of equipment is going up, our yields are going up, so it’s just a variety of work there that’s leading to really good performance from the factory network that is helping us on the gross margin line. 
Paul S. Otellini: I think the other part of Craig’s question was 2010 capacities, and let me just try that -- the significant increase in our capacity going into next year, Craig, is to continue to ramp the 32-nanometer factories. We’ve got two factories sort of ramping now against a planned four. That remains on track. That technology will provide the significant new product portfolio and capacity expansion we think we need for the 2010 environment.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets : Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA.
Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA: You guys have done a great job managing OpEx and maybe along the lines of the last question, when you look at the last time, if you look at Q4 guidance the midpoint last time you were at that revenue level, you were around the same OpEx level as you guided to and that’s with the shift of start-up costs into the R&D line. So as you look forward into 2010, assuming you continue to see some of the strength, do you need to add anything back to the R&D or SG&A lines, or do the cuts continue as we roll into 2010? Is there more money to take out of those lines?
Stacy J. Smith: I am not going to provide a point forecast for 2010. Let me though answer a couple of things we’ve told you before I want to just reinforce -- first off, we do believe that through our work on efficiency, we can continue to improve spending as a percent of revenue. And so that’s an area where Paul and I continue to be very focused. We believe that there’s potential benefit there as revenue grows where we can bank some of those efficiencies.  It’s different from a are we going to be smaller next year -- I would say we are through the cutting phase of our efficiency effort and now we are hopefully in the growth phase of that efficiency effort.  And I think that was it -- yeah. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Auriga USA: That’s great, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations. Paul, in your opening comments you talked about Nehalem being a profit driver over the next couple of quarters. You know, there’s been a lot of conversations about the PC upgrade cycle in the corporate market. Can you help me understand how you guys are looking at sort of the potential for server replacement cycle? And I guess with the EX coming out, help me understand to what extent that helps you grow market share and/or go after some of the proprietary solutions that X86 has not addressed and what could happen to TAM there as you do that?
Paul S. Otellini: Okay. Well, the Nehalem product line, you’re right, John, it is now ramping through the bulk of our products. We’ve launched the high-end desktop, mid-range desktop, and you’ll start seeing -- and notebook and now you’ll start seeing more volume start shipping this quarter in addition to the -- in anticipation of a January launch, so we’ll have a full fledged client portfolio and the MP servers all shipping by year-end around Nehalem.  In terms of a server upgrade cycle, what we are seeing on the Nehalem DP is that it’s not so much an upgrade cycle that is driving the volume right now -- it’s economics of the data center. People are looking at swapping out eight to nine older generation servers for a single Nehalem server on a ratio basis, as it has the same performance -- same or better performance, much better power consumption so it lowers their electricity bill and gives them a little bit more flexibility in their data center footprint.  I think that’s just going to accelerate as NP starts shipping because you have those same dynamics applying in there against an older generation of machines. I do think that -- if there is opportunity with the NP machines to start encroaching on what has traditionally been the risk portion of the market or even some of the low-end of the mainframe portion of the market with this product line, as you look at some of the very high-end machines our customers are working on that are well above [eight-way] machines.  The bad news about that is that that part of the market is very small in units, so when I look at the overall TAM expansion, there’s good margin there, there’s good numbers but it’s not anywhere near what we would get by say replacing the existing Xeon machines, both NP and DP, in the existing data frame, good data center configurations. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Paul, maybe just your insight here -- to the extent that Intel is growing above the industry growth rate, to what extent do you think that’s attributable to one, share gain; two, market creation from Atom; and three, any pent-up demand that you may be seeing for Nehalem?
Paul S. Otellini: Which industry are you referring to?
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Well, PCs. 
Paul S. Otellini: I don’t think that we can grow much above the PC growth rate at the end of the day. I mean, there is -- there has been some share gain over the course of this year. We’ll see what this quarter maps out to but I would think that trend could continue this quarter. But at the end of the day, we need the volume. The PC market has to grow. Our current view of the PC market, as I said at IDF, is that the volume year-on-year, ’09 versus ’08, will be flat to up slightly, which is a significant change from the industry’s views six months ago. And I think you are seeing inside of that Intel do well because of the shift to notebooks where we enjoy a higher market segment share than we do in desktops. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan.
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: You said you wanted to grow your inventory a little bit in Q4 -- can you give us a sense of if there was any sort of target you have in mind? And then what would be the thoughts on Q1, assuming some sort of normal seasonal quarter? Would you look to take inventory up, down, or keep it flat in Q1?
Stacy J. Smith: I am not going to put a forecast out there for Q1. I’d like to grow inventory modestly this quarter, and keep in mind we are also going to have the phenomenon that you can see into the gross margin line where we will, as we qualify the first products on 32-nanometer for sale, we will value that inventory so that was stuff that was written off in the third quarter and then we’ll value the material in line in the fourth quarter. So that’s a piece of it.  But I’d expect to put modest amount of inventory in place in the fourth quarter, just to build the inventory level back up and to make sure I have the right mix of products as I go through the product transitions. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gus Pritchard with Piper Jaffray.
Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking my question. A real short one -- what is -- what was the sale of Atom related products and that was it. 
Stacy J. Smith: In the quarter, so Atom and the associated chipsets were a bit above $400 million -- I think it was $415 million is the exact number. And year-to-date, we’ve sold over -- or right at $1 billion worth of Atom and associated chipsets. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Is that what you needed, Gus?
Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray: Can I ask another one?
R. Kevin Sellers: Sure, a follow-up, go ahead. 
Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray: Just real quick, on Win 7, I mean, it’s obviously a significant product launch for Microsoft. Has that had any perturbation at all in the supply chain and how are you guys seeing that? 
Paul S. Otellini: Not that we’ve seen. I think there’s a lot of excitement about Win 7 but again, the trend we saw for the bulk of this year, including the current quarter, third quarter, was driven by consumer sales, particularly in notebooks and netbooks. If you go into retail now, you are seeing that OEMs and retail channels are offering coupons for machines -- for an upgrade, a free upgrade to Win 7 when it comes out, which has been done by Microsoft in prior generations, so that tends to reduce any wait for the launch kind of anticipation for people that really want it and get the upgrade that way in a seamless no-cost basis.  The corporate side is a bit different. Corporate needs to do a qualification in their environment and that process has begun on a worldwide basis. We see a lot of interest in corporations around Win 7 and the new Nehalem based SKUs, which are sort of made for each other in terms of the performance and power management and security characteristics of the products that go together there.  I would expect that that evaluation process will happen over the rest of this year and we’ll start seeing corporate purchases on a refresh basis begin in 2010. 
Gus Pritchard - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Freedman with Broadpoint.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Paul, you’ve been spending a lot of effort on growing sort of non-core revenues. You’ve got a whole bunch of pieces you’ve assembled now -- is there any sort of guidance you’d like to offer us on how much impact that could have to incremental revs in 2010?
Paul S. Otellini: In 2010? No, I won't give you a lot of guidance. I can't give you a lot of guidance there and -- well, except to point out the trends that we did in the analyst meeting, Doug, which is that of those four businesses that we’ve really aimed at with the Atom system on chip products, the one that is shipping in high volume today is the embedded business and that’s converting to Atom and growing around that and that is a business which is well north of $1 billion and on a very nice growth rate. So that’s the one you’ll see the revenue appear first in in terms of measurable amounts. The consumer electronics and ultra mobile activities are proceeding nicely in terms of design wins and product development but the volume there is really out in time a bit. 
Stacy J. Smith: If I can add to that, if you just look at the clip we’re on with Atom where we are seeing nice growth, Atom in netbooks, you know, exiting this year that’s in a clip that it should be a pretty significant growth driver for us next year. 
Paul S. Otellini: Even next year, yeah. 
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Barton with Cowen & Company.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Thank you very much. Paul, could you provide us an update on how you are thinking about the NAND Flash business? It’s been a little while since we’ve really focused on that because prices have stabilized headed the right direction -- what are you thinking about the importance of Intel? Are solid states drives something that is going to drive processor growth and you want to be there to enable it? Those types of thoughts, please. 
Paul S. Otellini: You’re right -- the job one for the NAND group is to drive themselves towards profitability and they’ve done a very good job this year in albeit a rising market for NAND in doing that but the losses continue to get reduced substantially and they are on a path towards I think a sustainable business here.  At the end of the day, that’s the ultimate test for this business. We love the fact that it has a strategic nature but it must make profits for us.  We are increasing the amount of our NAND that goes into solid state drives, both at the enterprise and client level, and we think that is important for our platforms and we think we have pretty good value there in terms of the technology, both the quality of the parts and the algorithms that we use around the drives. So that allows us to get a slightly better than commodity margin on most of the NAND business.  And we’ve got a couple of other platform ideas that you will see unfolding from us over the next couple of years using this technology. 
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Manish [Goyle with C.R.E.F.].
Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F.: Thank you. I was wondering if you can give some view on PC unit growth for 2010 in light of the corporate refresh -- potential for corporate refresh and do you think consumer is likely to stay as strong in 2010?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, we certainly have a set of numbers we are looking at inside for capacity planning, Manish, but we are not prepared to share them with you. I think if you look at what’s happened with the third party forecasts for 2010, they are now all inching above 10% unit growth and we wouldn’t argue with that and some of them may be more bullish than that as the year gets closer, so let me just leave it there.  The other part of your question was?
Manish Goyle - C.R.E.F.: Consumer related and actually Paul, where I was heading with that is if we do get an enterprise led recovery next year, do you think your ASPs could be more stable?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, in general one of the pressures on our average selling price this year has been the absence of the normal mix of enterprise SKUs which tend to be a higher, richer mix using VPRO and things like that. So if when that market recovers, but their buying characteristics don’t change, that will be some relief on the ASP pressure that we’ve seen through the growth in the consumer side. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley.
R. Kevin Sellers: Mark, are you there? I think we’ll go to the next question, Chanel. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: A quick question on your richer product mix, CPU mix for Q4. Could you address how in general CULV is impacting the CPU mix in terms of ASPs and gross margins, et cetera? Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: Sure. Well, remember the CULV stands for consumer ultra low voltage, so for every CULV SKU that we have, we have a consumer non-ultra low voltage SKU and from that perspective when we ship a ULV part, we get a premium for that versus the non-ULV part. So we’ve looked at this as being a premium product taking advantage of the technology since day one.  Now, the bulk of the units that have been shipped in that category to date were single core versions of the products. Late last quarter we introduced a dual-core version of those products. I think you’ll start seeing a number of laptops show up in retail channels with the dual core versions for the holiday season that are more ergonomically designed, thinner, lighter, a little more attractive chassis and those kinds of things, which really starts moving to where the sweet spot of I think the market is moving. 
Stacy J. Smith: Based on how you asked that question, I want to come back and just clarify one thing to make sure you didn’t misinterpret my words -- I was not predicting a richer mix in the CPU market. What I was articulating is you tend to see more chipsets sold in Q3 and more CPUs sold in Q4, so we’ll see a mix shift towards CPUs. We’re not anticipating a richer mix inside those CPUs, to Paul’s earlier answer. You know, our best guess is that the enterprise market continues to be relatively weak in Q4 and this continues to be more of a consumer led year. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon. How do we view Atom strategically in your PC mix next year? We’ve seen some constraints of Atom in China and also a bit of a slow-down in netbooks in Q3. If you could give us an idea of the growth that you see for Atom and netbooks in 2010. 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I don’t know what you mean by a slow-down -- if you mean a slow-down on the rate of growth, given that we started with relatively large -- very large growth rates in the early days, the law of large numbers kicks in. Netbooks continue to grow -- they grew nicely from Q2 to Q3, both on the component level and sales through levels near as we can tell. And I believe that they will grow again in Q4 and as Stacy points out, even if we just take a simplistic Q4 times four model for 2010, that gives you significant growth over 2009 in netbooks. So we are still bullish on it. And what we’ve seen this quarter though is that the notebook market is alive and well and that netbooks as we have been believing for quite some time are market additive for Intel and the industry. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Just a question on the gross margin in the beginning of next year, mainly from a fab start-up perspective -- remind us where we stand in the costs for ramping the China fab and then if there’s any impact from the 32-nanometer start-up occurring in the second half of this year rather than the original expectations of the first half of next. 
Stacy J. Smith: I’ll answer your question directly but I’ll also refer you back to the chart that is still on our website from the investor meeting that shows that. The expectations haven’t changed. Next year will be a year where start-up costs are reduced over this year. At the big picture level, what you have is this year we had significant start-up costs associated with 32-nanometer and we won't be starting the significant start-up costs for 22-nanometer next year.  We do have a little bit of start-up costs associated with the fab in China, but that was included in the graph I showed you and even with that, we’ll be down and my expectations are roughly unchanged in terms of the shape of this year and the shape of next year. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And what was the quantity of the China one, if you gave a precise number -- you know, a point, half a point, et cetera?
Stacy J. Smith: You can eyeball it but it’s -- you know, a little less than a point of gross margin. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks. First a word on your quarter and execution -- just with respect to the gross margin outlook, Stacy, in guiding it up, your variance of three points is a little bit wider than sometimes. And also in the guidance, you mentioned that there are three points related to qualification of the sale of 32-nanometer products and the sale of previously written-off product. I guess the question is how much of it is the sale of previously written-off product? And then I guess going forward, if you could give us some color on how you feel about the sustainability of the elevated 52% gross margin and what some of the key variables might be? And I guess in the prior two questions you had some allusion to the first quarter, if you are continuing to build inventory, does that help? What are some of the key variables, both in this quarter guidance and maybe some of the variables for next year? Thanks. 
Stacy J. Smith: Now is Kevin going to count that as one question or four?
R. Kevin Sellers: I was going to say, we’ve got Uche with two -- Tim, I don’t know, I lost count. I’ll turn it over to Stacy and see if he can -- 
Stacy J. Smith: I’m not even sure how to start with that one. All right, Tim, let me take a shot. And I’ll just preface this up-front by saying I am probably going to disappoint you because I am not going to give you a point estimate for next year or a shape of the year but I’ll talk about some of the drivers.  Q4, your first question was how much of that three points of qualification for sale of the 32-nanometer product, how much of it is sale of previously written-off product? Yeah, they are both significant drivers within that three points. I am not going to get more precise than that but they are both multi-point -- more than a point kinds of impact.  In terms of the sustainability of 62%, I have to point out by historical standards, that 62% is pretty rare. I think it really does show the financial performance that we can generate when we have a strengthening market and we are executing well. I think it really underscores for us that the strategy, how important the strategy is of having a segmented product line, as Paul said in his prepared remarks -- having the right products at the right cost to satisfy the growth in consumer and emerging markets and Internet consumption devices with Atom and then refreshing the high-end of the product line with our 32-nanometer products. That helps a lot.  But I wouldn’t try to argue for you that that’s the new normal. I still believe that over a long period of time, our gross margin, even inclusive of all the growth businesses, is kind of between 50% and 60%, and we are executing well and we are at the high-end now and someday we’ll be at the low.  When I think about 2010, I’ll refer you back to a couple of the things we showed at the investor meeting. I’d expect start-up costs next year to be lower than they are this year for the question we had earlier. And -- so that will be one of the drivers. And I think that we are likely to see 2010 as we progress through the year, we’ll see the costs coming down on our 32-nanometer products and we showed a graph that showed that by the end of next year, we expect to be lower costs than ending 2009. I still expect that to be the case as we come up the learning curve on 32-nanometer and bring those costs down.  So I think those two things give us a little bit of tailwind. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: The three-point spread -- any sense there on -- why the wider range. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sorry, yeah, I knew I’d forget one of your four -- that one was just matching the top line growth. If we have -- if we end up at the top end of the revenue range, then we’ll be pushing the top end of the gross margin range. If we end up at the bottom end of the revenue range, we’re at the bottom end of the gross margin range, so it’s really just to make those symmetrical. 
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: This has been sort of kicked around but I want to ask it a little bit of a different way -- the supply chain hasn’t really been able to catch up with end demand this year because we entered the year under-shipping demand by so much, and so much of your growth this year has been a function of that plus the better-than-expected demand relative to six months ago. As we exit this year, do you think you will still be under-shipping demand, shipping in line with demand, or shipping a little bit more than demand on sort of a quarterly basis? Thanks. 
Paul S. Otellini: I guess I have to pick a bone with your assertion, Jim. I don’t think the industry under-shipped demand in the first part of this year. People could buy a computer any day, any place on earth they wanted. I don’t know of any system level shortages that were out there, nor any component level shortages except for some spot stuff here and there but it never really constrained demand. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Well, what I mean is -- maybe if I -- sorry if I wasn’t more clear; I go back to the fourth quarter of last year, PC units were down a couple of percent. Your -- Intel's microprocessor units were down 18, so you were under-shipping demand as the supply chain was liquidating inventory then. There’s been some of your tremendous growth this year -- you know, obviously great execution and demand has been better than expected earlier in the year but some of it has been a catch-up from that under-shipment towards the latter part of last year and do we think that on a quarterly basis -- what I am really trying to get at is for 2010, do we think Intel's microprocessor unit shipments should equal PC unit shipments?
Paul S. Otellini: Over the course of the year, ours plus our competition do, yes. I don’t think that the pipeline will expand -- needs to expand much more to accommodate a -- the growth numbers that are likely to happen in 2010. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, that’s exactly what I was getting at. 
Paul S. Otellini: I mean, you can conceive of a corner case that by Q4 of next year at the very upper bound of people’s forecasts that the numbers get to be pretty large but you know, we’ve been here before. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Really helpful, thanks so much for everything. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Chanel, we’ll take a couple more questions, if we could. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo Securities.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. Could you tell us what percent of your DP server sales were Nehalem in the September quarter? And did the MP server revenues grow sequentially or decline sequentially in September?
Paul S. Otellini: It was well over half of the DP sales were Nehalem and I don’t have the MP number relative growth number in my head, I’m sorry. 
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Great, thanks. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Go ahead, Chanel. Actually we’ll take two more from here. We have two more that we know of, so go ahead. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Did we get you back, Mark? I think we’ve got a technical problem. 
Operator: His line is open. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Technical difficulties -- can you hear me?
R. Kevin Sellers: We got you -- go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. From what I can tell, server microprocessor revenues have been an increasing part of your microprocessor revenues over the last five years. It’s been a pretty steady growth trend as a percentage of your microprocessor revenues. And my question is, is there any reason that that trend should stop or have we reached some kind of saturation point and does Nehalem impact that one way or another? Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, if you look at a five-year look back, Mark, it wasn’t consistent. There was a period in the ’06, ’07 timeframe when Intel lost some share in servers and now we’ve come roaring back, so it wasn’t always a consistent adder to our numbers over the course of the -- over the five-year period. If you take say a two- to three-year period, I think that’s a fair assumption. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Did we answer your question, Mark?
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, so is it fair to assume then that server microprocessors as a percent of your total kind of stays steady state over time or it does not grow?
Paul S. Otellini: As a percent of the total business, the server business is running about the same as the PC unit growth numbers, to a first order -- there’s some things moving in and out in terms of DP and MP and how many chips per system and those kinds of things. The thing that could change that dramatically if is coming out of this recession, the Internet data centers start deploying and move toward some of the cloud based servers -- that could drive pretty healthy demand for rack-mounted servers and blade servers for a while. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks very much. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Mark. This will be our final question, Chanel. 
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities: Thanks for getting me in and let me also say I appreciate the new format. Can I ask you, Paul, you mentioned that right now, [inaudible] you also said this, that enterprise has not been a part of the strength. With VPRO, how do you look at when that might step in in 2010 and is there any risk to that? You mentioned cloud computing here with virtualization -- do we perhaps not see enterprise come back on the client side but stay more concentrated in the server side and what would that mean to gross margins? Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: The last part of your question actually gave a clarification I was going to put out up-front, which is that we are seeing pretty good strength in the enterprise relative to server part of the business. It’s the client part, the desktop and notebook part where the lights have been out for quite a while and now we are starting to see some people doing evaluation of our new platforms with Win 7.  I can't give you a curve for that for 2010 -- it really gets down to when CEOs and CFOs set the budgets in the next couple of months for 2010 in terms of CapEx and do they want to open the checkbooks again, the compelling value for a refresh is there. Machines that are four and five years old, which is the average fleet age right now, are costing more to keep than to buy a new machine -- just the maintenance, the out-of-warranty expenses, the security upgrades, et cetera, et cetera, are problematic and you all know the situation with XP support. So people are going to want to move to Win 7 and it’s just a matter of I think how fast they do that next year.  In terms of cloud and virtualization, our focus has been bring it on -- the data center -- the amount of data in the worldwide data centers is growing much faster than people can supply servers or deploy servers. The only solution to that anytime soon is virtualization. Virtualization typically requires new server configuration so we’ve been benefiting by this and we are not iconoclast in terms of thinking that cloud is not good for us or will not happen. 
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities: Well, just real quickly, you mentioned that the evaluations are happening -- are there any encouraging signs that we will get on the client side an enterprise uplift for VPRO or other hooks that go into virtualization or cloud computing, or will we be able to get by with some of these other more elegant ULV or CULV platforms?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the VPRO is a client hook, not a server hook, so they are really apples and oranges in terms of cloud. I’ll just tell you that Intel is evaluating and we are going to be buying a significant number of PCs next year for our employees because we’ve been out of the market for a while and our fleet is ageing. I suspect a lot of other companies are coming to that same conclusion. 
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities: Okay. Thanks very much and congratulations on the powerful results. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Alex. Thank you all for joining the call today. As a reminder, our quiet period for the fourth quarter will begin at the close of business on Wednesday, November 25th. Our fourth quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for Thursday, January 14, 2010. Thank you again and good night. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-14 16:45:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Wylie – VP IR John Daane – President & CEO James Callas – Corporate Controller & Acting CFO 
Analysts:  Glen Yeung - Citigroup James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Srini Pajjuri – CLSA  Uche Orji - UBS Christopher Danely - JPMorgan Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital David Wu - Global Crown Capital Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Altera second quarter 2009 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation, Mr. Scott Wylie. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Wylie : Good afternoon. We appreciate you for joining this conference call which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the web cast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations web page, where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, and use code 258712. Before we jump into the call today, I want to announce that we will host a meeting for the investment community this November in New York, on the 18th in the afternoon. Please save the date. We will forward more details as we get closer to November.  During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings.  Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. With me today are John Daane, our CEO and James Callas, our Corporate Controller and Acting CFO. James will open the call with a financial overview, before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to James Callas.
James Callas : Thank you Scott, my commentary today will cover second quarter results, third quarter guidance, and an updated view of 2009 gross profit percentage, operating expenses, other income, and our effective tax rate.  Beginning with our typical headline metrics, second quarter revenue of $279 million increased 6% sequentially at the higher end of our guidance, but declined 22% year over year. Operating margin increased to 24% driven by higher sales volumes and gross profit percentage as well as operating expense leverage flowing from the higher sales volumes. Lastly return on equity registered 32% for the trailing 12 month period remaining above our target of greater than 30%. We entered Q2 with a sizable increase in backlog from Q1. Q2 turns were in the low 50% range and the book-to-bill ratio was at parity.  Gross margins increased by two points primarily as a result of Q2 manufacturing cost reductions including better than expected yields on some of our new products. The cost reductions primarily stemmed from product both received from our suppliers and shipped to customers in Q2. Operating expenses for the quarter ended at $119 million and were down $6 million from guidance. The under run was equally split between SG&A and R&D and was spread across a wide variety of line items and functions. Every function continued to contribute to the ongoing cost savings and streamlining efforts.  The Q2 cost under run was not driven by expense for development masks, wafers, or prototypes and our product development agenda remains on track. Other income, primarily consisting of interest income and expense under ran our Q2 guidance by around $0.50 million.  Money market rates have continued to drop in 2009. We have continued to stay conservative and expect our return to remain at this level until rates increase. Our effective tax rate for Q2 2009 was 29.6%. We did have a discrete item, $11.5 million tax charge in the quarter as a result of a United States Appellate Court ruling in the Xilinx case.  The Xilinx case ruling held that stock based compensation was required to be included in certain transfer pricing arrangements between a US company and its offshore subsidiary. This discrete item is associated with prior year tax regulations and is not expected to directly impact our effective tax rate going forward.  The discrete item was partially offset by the favorable effects of a change in the geographic composition of our earnings to a higher percentage in foreign jurisdictions, taxed at rates below the US statutory tax rate.  Net of the discrete tax item, our Q2 effective tax rate was 12.5% and the annualized first half effective tax rate was 13.4%. Net income for the quarter was $47.4 million or $0.16 per share including roughly $0.04 of adverse impact from the one-time discrete tax item.  Compared to the prior year net income declined 52% in dollar terms and 50% in EPS. On the balance sheet, cash and investment balances increased by $41 million to $1.3 billion with cash flow from operating activities contributing $47 million for the quarter.  Inventory increased slightly and the pipeline months’ supply on hand increased from three months to 3.2 months, which is comprised of 2.1 months at Altera and 1.1 month for our distributors. This is still at the low end or our range of three to four months.  Accounts receivable increased by $14 million and our past due amounts are at historical lows. Moving to our third quarter 2009 outlook, we expect revenue to decline in the range of 1% to 5%. The mid point of guidance implies a turns requirement of approximately 50% which is at the low end of our historical range, but quite similar to Q2.  We are guiding gross margins at 67% plus or minus 50 basis points. We expect to realize continued manufacturing cost improvements as well as cost reductions across our supplier base. We also expect to realize some favorable gross margin shift in our end market segments and customers.  Q4 gross margin should be comparable to that of Q3, but remain segment and customer mix dependant. Operating expenses should total roughly $124 million in the third quarter with a range of $55 to $57 million for SG&A and $67 to $69 million for R&D. The increase from Q2 R&D spending is primarily driven by the continued rollout of our 40-nm products.  Total 2009 operating expenses are now forecasted at around $490 million split between R&D of around $259 million and SG&A of $231 million. This is on the lower end of our April total year range of $490 million to $495 million. The reduction to previous total year guidance is driven by the Q2 $6 million under spending to guidance partially offset by accelerated product development spending in Q4. Rounding out the guidance we anticipate Q3 other income to be roughly $0.50 million and to stay at that level for the remainder of the year. Our 2009 core tax rate is expected to be constant in the 13% to 14% range and share count should be approximately 296 million shares.  Our pipeline inventory MSOH of three to four months is unchanged. With that I’ll turn the call over to John. 
John Daane : Thank you James, Q2 revenues increased 6% sequentially at the better end of our guidance range. The telecom and wireless segment showed strong growth again in Q2 due to communications equipment deployment in Asia, primarily in China. New program ramps across the customer base led to solid growth in eight of our 10 end markets.  By vertical market for Q2, we had forecast telecom and wireless to increase for automotive, industrial, and military to grow driven by military and for computer storage and networking and other to slightly decline.  Telecom and wireless increased 10% with each of up about the same amount. [Walway] was 12% of revenue in the quarter. Networking, computer and storage decreased 10% with strong growth in computer and storage offset by a decline in networking, the latter due to a slowdown in NGN spend in Japan.  Industrial, military and automotive increased 7% with double-digit military growth. The military segment was 9% of revenue in Q2. And finally the other segment was up 7%. By product category for Q2 our new products grew 16% sequentially with our 65-nm and 40-nm Stratix families contributing most of the FPGA growth. Stratix IV revenue was almost $4 million, exceeding our $3 million forecast and continues to be the fastest ramping product in our history. Stratix III more than doubled. Cyclone III was up 2%, Stratix II up 5%, Arria up 14%, MAX II up 36%, and HardCopy increased 8%. Cyclone II declined 6%. We continue to expect Stratix IV to be close to $10 million in revenue in Q3. In Q2 we sampled our first 40-nm Arria II GX chip on schedule. Based on the success of our 40-nm program we are accelerating some of the last members of our Stratix IV and Arria II families from 2010 into the fourth quarter of 2009, and the R&D expenses James shared with you reflect this program change.  Moving to Q3 we are forecasting a 15 to 5% sequential decline. Telecom and wireless will decline due to seasonality and a slowing of communications equipment deployment in China. Similarly computer, storage and networking should slightly decrease because of China.  Automotive, industrial and military should increase with strong growth in military. Other should also increase. Our book-to-bill was approximately one in Q2 and turns required to make the Q3 guidance midpoint are in the 50% range, well below our historical high 50’s to low 60’s percent range.  In summary we continue to be pleased with our near-term revenue results, as well as our industry leading 40-nm product execution. Design wins in 40-nm continue to be well ahead of any previous generation of products as we benefit both from an acceleration of ASIC and ASSP replacement in our core infrastructure markets, and from having industry leading high density, high performance, and low power FPGAs.  Now let me turn the call over for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung - Citigroup
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Nice job on the quarter, maybe just a first question on gross margin, your guiding it to be pretty healthy in the third quarter and then making the point that it sounds like you could be at that level in the fourth quarter. I know you’ve talked about getting better wafer pricing in the second half and I wonder if you can maybe elaborate on that issue and whether or not that’s contributing to your gross margin confidence. 
John Daane : As James mentioned we have achieved price reductions across our supply base which includes both on the wafer and packaging front and so that is part of the mix going forward. If you look in the Q2 numbers specifically that was more due to yields as well as some decreases in package assembly and other areas, cost improvements that we made.  So looking forward we certainly have been able to achieve price reductions. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: And then as the follow-up recognizing that wireless infrastructure in China is slowing down in Q3, there are some projects that are kind of out on the near-term horizon and I wonder if you have any sense as to when you think that business in China might start to resume again. 
John Daane : So China is not going to zero, its continuing at a very healthy rate. As you know there is a very strong multiyear spend going in to China specifically to improve the infrastructure equipment. We also obviously have an Asia, very strong Indian 2G build and in the near future hopefully late this year, maybe next year we’ll also see a 3G spend there. Communications deployment in China has been and will remain fluid. We’ve had some customers who order product for immediate delivery who expedite us who then cancel the product and then rebook it all in a very short period of time.  And as an example just to talk about the fluid nature of what we see, one of the three operators in China towards the tail end of the quarter slowed their telecom and 2G wireless deployment to solely focus on 3G network performance and in particular improving that.  As I mentioned we’re in a very early stage of a massive three year communication spend. There are naturally going to be periods where some, we see some acceleration. We’ll see some periods perhaps of some deceleration. Overall I would expect over the next several years for that spend to be healthy. It is as I mentioned fluid, very difficult to forecast.  We do think this quarter it will be down, really cannot provide you any information as to what will happen in Q4. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider - Goldman Sachs
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Maybe you could address what you’re seeing specifically in the networking and wire line space right now. 
John Daane : As we mentioned, telecom was actually up about 10% for us in Q2, so a very strong quarter there. A number of different reasons for that but part of it is certainly as China is implementing a very large wireless network they’re also building out the wire line network to support that as well as internet capability.  Networking as I mentioned, we did see down in the quarter with predominately just because of NGN in Japan. Overall we expect both telecom and networking to be down in Q3 mostly associated with China. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: I think you talked about military test, medical, and broadcast being weak last quarter, you certainly talked about the fact that military will be up this quarter, but could you call out whether any of the test, medical or broadcast areas you think will be coming back this quarter. 
John Daane : All three of those markets were actually up for us in the second calendar quarter. Generally we would expect those many of those markets to be up for us again this quarter. As I mentioned if you kind of look at the sub segments that we have, we have, we call out four large buckets, internally we have 10. We actually saw sequential growth in the second calendar quarter from eight of our 10 markets and really that was mostly driven by new program ramps associated with new products that we have. So very good results there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri – CLSA 
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA : Question on the gross margins, I guess in Q1 you had an issue with the mix and also small customer, large customer issues, I’m just wondering how much of that is coming back in terms of, how much of that is helping you this quarter and next quarter and if its not helping do you expect that to come back in Q4.
James Callas : Yes, small customers did increase slightly in 2Q as large customers also increased. In terms of our largest customers say our top 20, it was roughly 50/50 in terms of those going up and increasing and decreasing from the prior quarters. I think that the 4Q gross profit percentages assumes not significant segment mix or customer mix shift from what we did see in Q2.  And therefore we are comfortable with the gross profit guidance of 67% plus or minus 50 basis points. 
John Daane : And as James pointed out earlier in his comments, really the difference between the increase in Q2 gross margin is associated with the cost reductions on products predominately from very significant yield improvements we saw on some of the newer technologies that was able to, we were able to put product out through our system and into the customer base in a very quick period of time. 
Srini Pajjuri – CLSA : You also talked about better wafer pricing, the question there is given the utilization increasing to almost 100% levels, just wondering how sustainable the improvements are there. 
John Daane : Generally as we’ve talked about in the past we do not look for spot market pricing. We generally try to establish long-term trend lines on pricing and some periods of times we may be high, some periods of times we may be low but that fits with our customer base since we tend to give long range pricing to our customers.  In the past we’ve mentioned that we went into a cycle really starting last year where we were not able to achieve sort of what had been our regular price reductions as there had been a change in philosophy in some of the supply chain. We’ve now worked through that and we’re back to what our normalized price reductions and earlier commentary that we had provided you in Q1 and in Q4 of last year we had mentioned that the gross margins that we were providing this year did not assume that we were able to get any reductions.  We now have been able to get those. They really should help with the margins in Q4 and obviously continue to help us into 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS
Uche Orji - UBS: Let me start out by asking you about something your competitor said, I think it was last week, they talked about some supply chain difficulties. Obviously it doesn’t seem like you experienced any such in the current quarter but while that is an assumption could you just talk in general if that was something you may have seen, which may have limited how much more this quarter could have been. Were there any impacts on the supply chain that, looking at what [inaudible] talked about last quarter, last week that they have impacted you as well. 
John Daane : We do not have really a significant, what you may call a backlog of product that customers wanted at that period of time ago, or in other words shortage of devices. So I would think in general we did not see the quarter, Q2 impacted negatively by supply. And I can’t really comment one way or the other about any of our competitors or what they’re seeing or may not see.  As you know each of us tends to use different suppliers. Each of us may have different issues that could be systemic or could be one-time events. I really can’t provide any color there. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Let me just ask you about the growth you’re seeing in the new products. Are you penetrating new customers who were never traditionally Altera’s customers with your new 40-nm products and can you talk about any of those that may be just going beyond your initial test and prototyping to actually deploying those in production. I know you may not be able to mention names of customers specifically, but if you can talk about new areas where you have seen some success with all these new products so we can just gauge how sustainable these initial successes are. 
John Daane : If we look at Stratix IV in particular being the mainstream new high end product that we’re selling at the moment, about a third of the design wins are with accounts that we have, or divisions of accounts that we have not previously done business with, and have not used FPGAs in the past.  So this is not just taking market share from a competitor and that is very, very healthy because that shows again that you are replacing ASIC and AFFEs. We will outline some of this in our upcoming Analyst meeting in November in terms of talking about some new markets and areas that we are penetrating.  We have talked about in the past for instance the radios in military is a space that we are replaced a lot of ASICs using our Cyclone product. Certainly a number of examples across communication segment as well. So we’re very, very pleased with the results. If you look at Stratix IV in aggregate, at the booked designs that we have we are about one year ahead of any previous Stratix generation in the cumulative design bookings value.  And so that’s also very exciting for us because we think that speaks to a very strong pipe for future revenue growth and to a large extent is fueling this very fast ramp we’re seeing with Stratix IV which is setting records for Altera and we think probably setting records for the FPGA industry as well. 
Uche Orji - UBS: If I look at your lead times and the turns and the fact that your turns requirement are still at the low end of historical range, what is the current lead times and when should we expect lead times to kind of return to the normalized four weeks timeframe. 
John Daane : Well generally the lead times from us will vary anywhere between we have it on the shelf either at Altera or at one of our distributor partners, to if they don’t have it we have most of our inventory in [die bank] in which case we can respond through package assembly test and ship it to the customer in four weeks. If there is a very significant unforecasted order for which we do not have either sufficient finished goods or die bank then we have to build the products starting from scratch and that can be 12 to 16 weeks.  Those are our general published guidelines to our customers. I would say right now our lead times generally are fairly normal with the exception of a few products that sort of spring up on you that is, happens every quarter. So I don’t think if you’re driving to why are the turns rate low, I don’t think that’s necessarily the reason.  Part of the reason I think that the turns rate may be lower right now is there has been an extension in lead times across the semiconductor base from a number of companies and so I think some companies have responded by laying a little bit longer lead time. Additionally we’ve also mentioned that we saw very strong growth from military in Q2. We see it again in Q3.  Military tends to be an end market segment when you see the customers but the backlog on very early. And so I think for those two reasons our turns rate right now is low. Not saying that we’ll absolutely manage at this level permanently but it is certainly nice to have the backlog. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely - JPMorgan
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Now that we’ve seen the OpEx ramp this year, can we expect it to trend down starting next year. 
John Daane : What we’re going to do is detail our 2010 OpEx plan in the November Analyst meeting and so I think you should sort of expect us to go through that in detail as we have for the past several years about that timeframe. I think it’s a little early to get into on the specifics and many of you know that this year is higher in R&D because of the massive wafer spends obviously associated with 40-nm. You’ve tended to see in the past some oscillation from us with R&D. So in some years it’s a little heavier as you’re doing prototypes. Other years it may be a little lighter. Other than that I think it’s really far too early for us to provide much OpEx guidance going into next year. What I would tell you is this company completely remains focused on growing our expenses at a lower rate than our revenues long-term so that we can continue to grow our earnings at a faster rate than revenues.  We continue to find many new programs for us to look at and work on in order to reduce our overall cost as a corporation, whether it’s cost of goods or SG&A, R&D. That is our focus. That is our promise. That’s something that we will continue to work on. But a little too early for us to detail 2010.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: I know you typically don’t comment more than a quarter out as far as in demand trends, but now that things are starting to return some sense of normalcy out there, what would be your estimate of normal seasonality for Q4. 
John Daane : To be honest I think we’re going to take it a quarter at a time. It is very difficult to read. A lot of customers have commented continuously to us that they have very limited visibility themselves. Many of our customers have far shorter lead times than we have from their customers, a product that they supply. So therefore ultimately they have very limited visibility and so for those reasons we’d just rather stay with Q3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: I understand about the design win value record etc. everything sounds like its going quite well, but I was wondering if you could comment now that your competitor is out with their own 40-nm product families if the design environment has changed at all since those introductions or any comments you have on the competitive landscape. 
John Daane : We think we still have lasting competitive advantages in the high end across a number of fronts so even with an introduction and eventual shipment of devices from a competitor we think there are still many reasons why customers would select us. Number one our software system, we had leadership in software really through most of the 1990’s. That is the main reason I think to a large extent customer engineers select one of the two of us or for that matter the others in the field is quality of software allows them to get their job done faster and get better results the better the software.  We believe that we have achieved that whether its things like tools for analysis of power or timing or even things like how fast the tools operate to compile your designs. We are significantly better than the competition at this point.  And then within the silicon chips we believe we will have a power advantage of anywhere from 50% to 30% over competitor for a similar device. We will have lasting performance advantages in transceivers which are the serial IOs that are being used for multiple standards at this point in terms of quality and performance and we also will have a raw performance advantage because we did not, we designed an architecture to balance very well both power and performance.  So we think we have a number of lasting advantages and for that reason if you look at Altera overall our market share in FPGAs is about 34%. If you look at the last three nodes, cumulative our market share is about 45%. So naturally we should continue to gain market share just because of the success of the last few products. In 40-nm this is really a game-changing node for us. We think that this is now the first time where we can win 60%, 70% of the designs out there.  And there’s nothing that I’ve seen from a competitor that leads me to believe that we cannot achieve that at this point. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: and if you could just as a follow-up remind me what your position is in the NGN network in Japan and do you expect any recovery there as you look out into perhaps Q3, Q4, and next year. 
John Daane :  NGN will recover. We have I would say a lot of the market share within those systems today. There are two different NGN deployments going on for NTT, one is west, one is east. One is a little bit farther along then the other in terms of its deployment so it will continue for the next few years.  But we just hit a short-term low and I do expect it to pick up over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: I wanted to go back to the mix, you know as I look at what you reported here for Q2 and expectations for growth into Q3, the stuff that’s growing is industrial, military, auto, and then what I would assume is your high margin 40-nm parts. So I guess my question is you know is much of the margin improvement only coming from cost efforts. You’re saying there’s a little bit of a mix benefit in Q3 but why aren’t we reverting back more quickly to the margin level even without the cost benefits that we saw in Q1 given that the base of customers that seems to be growing is the more fragmented smaller customer base. 
John Daane : Part of the reason behind that is we have a consumer [inaudible] in the other category and you’re actually seeing very strong growth in Q2 as well as Q3 in consumer. We had a number of new programs ramp in things like handsets, and in flat panel television sets, and so as we’ve talked about before where military is our highest margin segment, consumer is our lowest because of the customer concentration as well as the higher volume in consumer.  So to some degree you’re seeing growth in a couple of different segments. We’re not necessarily seeing the broad customer base show significant improvement yet. We mentioned that we had two market segments decrease in Q2. One of them I pointed out was networking, the other was industrial. It was just slightly down over Q1.  So the broad base of industrial accounts while up or some of the smaller accounts were up, we’re not necessarily seeing a strong recovery out of that broad base of industrial accounts. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And then just sort of dove tailing about from your comment here, the industrial, military, auto pick up, military being the strongest grower into Q3, are we actually going to see a pick up in just purely the industrial vertical following a slight decline in Q2 and then the other part of the question is, similarly for enterprise and networking ex your NGN slowdown is that, has that turned the corner from your perspective into Q3. 
John Daane : It’s too hard to break out all of these components. As you start getting into smaller and smaller levels, there are too many moving pieces. So I’d probably prefer to stay at a higher level and just say networking was down in Q2 and because of China now for Q3 probably should be slightly down.  In terms of the broad industrial base, we are not necessarily projecting that we’re going to see strong recovery in the short run. Really most of the growth that you’re going to see in Q3 associated with that industrial, automotive, and military segment is really driven by military in particular. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital:  I have questions on two topics, one is HardCopy and ASIC prototyping, so in general I would assume that when you are winning against ASIC its probably ASIC at 90-nm but with HardCopy are you able to compete with say ASIC at 65-nm and the other question I have is have you gotten any hard commitment on HardCopy yet with the 40-nm products. 
John Daane : Yes, to answer the question from the reverse standpoint, yes we have a large number of design wins on 40-nm, 40-nm HardCopy for us is actually quite effective competing against older generations of process technology whether its 65 or 90. A couple of reasons, number one because were in 40, die size will be smaller. So even though HardCopy may still have, may not be as efficient as a pure ASIC because its one generation process technology ahead it can make up for that.  Number two the NRE’s are going to be much lower because we’re only customizing a few layers as opposed to quite a number of layers in the case of an ASIC. And lastly in many cases where customers are pushing performance particularly with memory interfaces or with transceivers, 90-nm ASIC no longer cut it. Certainly 130 absolutely does not cut it, but 90 also does not in many cases meet it. And so for those reasons we’re really seeing I think an acceleration of some very big design wins in HardCopy.  And I would say that’s one of the fundamental changes that we do see is the revenue per design is continuing to drive up quite substantially which is what we want to see out of these programs. Wins with the right names and wins with the right dollars around it and we’re certainly seeing that today with HardCopy. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: On ASIC prototyping, in the $10 million you’re forecasting for Q4 are you getting a significant ASIC prototyping business because of the fact that you are so far ahead. 
John Daane : So of it is indeed prototyping of ASIC. This would be from either other semiconductor companies who are developing an ASSP or a microprocessor, a DSP who buy FPGAs in order to verify the device before they tape it out. Or, and OEMs who may be developing an ASIC who do the same.  But a lot of the revenue actually at this point and a vast majority of the revenue is from customers who are designing in an FPGA to stay in an FPGA so most of the revenue is not a one-time event. Most of the revenue right now for Stratix IV is from customers who will move into production with us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu - Global Crown Capital
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Can you talk a little bit about the military market that you more recently have become significant, is that stuff encryption kind of application or is radiation [hardened] type FPGAs that you’re selling into that military market. 
John Daane : The military market we have made a lot of progress in but we still are a distant number two. So there’s a lot more business that we can take both from other PLD competitors but in particular also from ASIC. There’s fewer manufacturing options on shore and so for many secure programs they do not want the pattern to go offshore and therefore buying an FPGA where you can program it at the site is the only secure option that they have.  In many cases their volumes aren’t high enough to justify and ASIC any more either and so for those reasons we really see military as one of the strongest growth segments for PLDs moving forward. The areas that we’re capturing market share are in things like secure communications, in radar, number of different control applications, so things like scopes, sights.  We are not in the [rat hard] market ourselves. That is a market that some of our competitors are involved with an Altera to date has not released any products for that segment. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Is that segment too small for interest to you at this point. 
John Daane : It’s a segment which has probably too many competitors for the size of the segment. So I know that both Xilinx and Actel have products in that marketplace. To be honest I don’t know a lot about it personally other than in my analysis of it, and in combination with our military group, its just hasn’t seemed large enough to support the number of competitors that are there and therefore because of the potential market share that we could take, may not justify our direct investment to this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: My only curiosity at this stage is with the accounts receivable ticking up a little bit I’m just curious how much an appetite you’re seeing from your TE distributors to begin to maybe stop taking down inventory or maybe build a little bit of inventory going into the back half of the year. 
James Callas : Yes, accounts receivable did increase by roughly $16 million quarter to quarter. A lot of that was just driven by the timing of payments at the end of June as we did receive in receipts in early July. And all the accounts are current. We’re actually at historical lows in terms of our AR aging.  Distributor inventories did increase slightly quarter to quarter. A lot of that was driven by some heavier distributor shipments towards the end of June versus the end of March. We continue to maintain an acceptable MSOH. We went from 1.0 to 1.1 at the distributor so we’re not seeing any profound change in their appetite or in their ordering habits relative to last couple of quarters. 
John Daane : I think in general if you look at the last several quarters again, at a very high level. The really, we have not witnessed any change in behavior out of the distributors. We’d like to keep their overall inventory level about one months supply on hand, maybe a little bit above and that’s where their operating.  So we really haven’t had any issues nor has there been any change in behavior from of our distributors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: I just had a question on the enterprise networking segment, you saw some weakness there. Sounds like that weakness continues, can you give a little more color in terms of what you’re seeing there from a end market perspective and whether there’s something specific with your business or its more end market driven. 
John Daane : Do you have anything specifically you can kind of ask on that because I already provided some commentary specifically to enterprise. Is there anything in particular. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: I’m just curious if you are seeing that business continue to decline throughout the year, is it just push outs of enterprise spending or is it a share loss specifically or something more dramatic there that you can give some more color to. 
John Daane : I think I’d probably go back to the previous comments and just sort of emphasize the computer and storage for us did increase sequentially into Q2. The networking side was down. Most of the driver behind networking was actually in Japan. In Q3 we expect networking to slightly decline again mostly due to China.  But I guess that’s probably at high level about all I could provide in terms of commentary. I think we’re not necessarily a broad predictor of how computer equipment is going. We are in higher end computer equipment but we are not in obviously PCs or some of the lower end servers either ourselves or as an industry so generally we’re not going to be a [bell weather] of those bases and if you look at the layer two switches that really is mostly an ASSP play.  So again we’re not going to be a good predictor exactly of how that equipment is doing. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: And then just on the 40-nm just curious if you, were willing to give sort of a target into 2010 as to when you can see that as a significant portion of your mix, call it greater than 30%.  
John Daane : If you look back in products it takes about four to five years for a product to start to peak. Typically when you get to 30% of your revenues, it’s probably about at that time. It’s about four to five years into it. So if you look at 90-nm that represents about a third of Altera’s revenue today. If you look at 65-nm which is still growing, that represented 15% of revenue last quarter. And still continuing to grow probably in a couple of years getting to the 30% range. So it’s still a few years out obviously for 90-nm to get there. If you look at the rough $10 million forecast for Q3 we said it would get close to $10 million. That’s about 3% of revenue. So its starting to become I think pretty significant in the short run. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: That’s helpful. I just thought you had given some indication that you had accelerated that development further than the typical four to five year period. 
John Daane :  Yes, I think what you’re going to see from Stratix IV is still the peak will probably be four to five years but ultimately the peak will be much higher than previous generations of products. So the revenue that we’ll achieve at the family will be much higher than any revenue that we’ve ever achieved before.  Additionally you are seeing this grow on a dollars basis much faster than any previous generation of FPGA that we’ve had out. So typically to get the quarter that we just had of about, we did almost $4 million in Q2, that probably would have been Q1 of next year if you look at ourselves or our competitor. So we were able to accelerate this ramp about nine months.  And so I think for that reason it’s a very significant family certainly for us and certainly for our long-term growth. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: On the turns, you indicated that it’s a little bit lower than you normal seasonality at 50% and you indicated that military was some of that driver as they book out further, is there any level of conservatism added in there given some concern about the wireless in China and lack of visibility there as you indicated there of booking and debooking. So just curious if you added some level of conservatism. 
John Daane : We are trying to do what we’ve done in the past which is base this off the information that we have from our customers. Our high level look at what we think of the market segments and in some cases where we have had direct communication with some of the operators, some of the information that they played back to us and then we obviously look at the turns to determine whether we think the number is doable.  I would say we’re predicting this quarter in a similar way to the way that we predicted quarters in the past. It’s not to say it’s overly conservative or overly aggressive, it’s the same behavior that we’ve used in the past to come up with this forecast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke - Barclays Capital
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Just briefly could you provide any sense of your, how the [inaudible] roll is developing and whether that’s a line that you expect to have done by the end of the calendar third quarter or maybe by the end of the calendar year also just wondering do you have any incremental color on the auto area or if that’s showing any signs of life and then lastly just as you look for next year, what are the end markets where you think that you may see the [inaudible] prominent growth. 
John Daane : To take those in sort of a random order, we did see automotive grow in the second calendar quarter. I think the reason that we’re seeing growth and probably overall I would bet that PLD industry is seeing growth is because we are newer to the automotive industry so we’re not in platforms that are in decline. We’re really in new platforms that are ramping up primarily because you’re now seeing the sort of the entertainment systems be integrated in many models not just the high end.  And many of those systems use programmable logic in order to implement things like rearview camera, or navigation, car navigation or even some of the dashboard functions now. So I think for those reasons automotive probably for us in general will grow this year and continue to grow next year. CFO hunt is going extremely well. We’re starting to interview candidates. Don’t have a specific timeframe to put on when we will have somebody here but the pipeline is very strong and there’s some very good candidates that we’re talking to. Lastly in terms of next year, I think it’s a little too early for me to exactly project next year.  I do think military will grow again for us strongly into 2010. Some of the other markets I would like a little bit more time in order to project and will be a good topic of conversation at the November Analyst meeting. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: I wanted to circle back to gross margins where you’re guiding back to 67%, if you factor in some of the yield and wafer price improvements, do you think with the same mix, 67 isn’t the right range, it actually could be a bit higher, maybe talk to the potential of actually expanding a little bit further.
John Daane : Well so, gross margins will change every quarter obviously mix as we’ve talked about in the past will drive the differences. James did mention that mix independent, we expected margins to roughly be at the same range for Q4 as they are for Q3. Naturally we have some positives going for us in terms of the yield improvements. You don’t necessarily expect those to be as dramatic or continuing per say.  But they will continue over the next several years. Obviously some of the cost savings in some cases are new, some cases were baked into Q2. You also have some puts on the other side which is natural price declines that you provide your customers. So based on what we know today it looks like Q4 will be roughly in the same range as Q3. But as you’ve seen from us in the past there can be obviously differences one way or the other a quarter out and so we certainly could see changes.  It’s just too early for us to exactly know what those will be. 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: I wanted to follow-up on the industrial where it seems like it’s still flat to down type trends and down substantially from peak, could you talk about any areas you think there is lean customers or they’re under spending and is it a matter of having to get to CapEx expansion. I’d be curious in prior downturns how much of a lag you typically see for the industrial to start to come back. 
John Daane : I don’t know when we will exactly see the industrial segment come back and the reason I say that is twofold, one is if I look at it from a macro perspective in many end industries there’s still is an over capacity situation so I think in the short run most companies are holding back on CapEx.  So that’s certainly effects many of these companies. Number two it’s a very broad segment base and we just simply don’t have the opportunity to talk to every one of these customers to understand exactly where they are. If I look at the numbers I do not think in Q2 or for that matter in Q3 we’re expecting to see customers who may have been depleting inventory suddenly come back and repurchase from us.  And the reason I say that we do not think that happened in Q2 is because if you look at our mainstream and mature products, those were still down sequentially and if we had seen sort of that inventory balance where customers depleted inventory and then came back to start repurchasing, we would have seen the mainstream and mature products increase sequentially.  So we haven’t seen that through Q2, not necessarily expecting any rebound in Q3 and again if you look at both the mainstream and mature categories, they’re down 39% and 47% each year on year so that’s a pretty significant decrease.  The gain that we saw in Q2 really was driven across many of these market segments simply from new products and new program ramps with those new products. So again, hard to call exactly what’s going to happen in industrial. But so far we have not seen customers returning to order after depleting inventory again at a macro level at least. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Scott Wylie: As we have no further questions this does conclude this quarter’s conference call. As a final reminder, with respect to conferences this quarter we will attend Citi’s 16th Annual Global Technology Conference September 9th in New York. This concludes Altera’s earnings conference call, thank you for your interest and participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-14 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Otellini - President and Chief Executive Officer  Stacy Smith - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Uche Orji - UBS David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets Glen Yeung - Citigroup Doug Freedman – Broadpoint AmTech Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Edwin Mok - Needham & Company Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Chris Danely - JPMorgan JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest Capital Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners John Barton - Cowen & Co. Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1 2009 Intel Corporation Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Kevin Sellers: Welcome, everyone, to Intel's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Chief Executive Officer, Paul Otellini, and Chief Financial Officer, Stacy Smith. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be posted to our website at around 5:00 Pacific Time and will remain there for about two months. Second, a reminder for everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. And current uncertainty in global economic conditions makes it particularly difficult to predict product demand and other related matters and makes it more likely that Intel's actual results could differ materially from expectations. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could affect our results. So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul. Two quick items as we begin, first, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our investor website, intc.com, after the call. And lastly, we have scheduled our annual investor day on May 12 and 13 at the Intel headquarters in Santa Clara. We look forward to seeing many of you there. If any of you need additional information about this event, please contact Intel Investor Relations directly. So with that, now let me turn it over to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Our first quarter results clearly reflected the depth of the efficiency work in which we’ve been engaged over the past three year. While the global economy continues to be weak and uncertain, our execution this quarter was outstanding. We have adjusted quickly to this new environment where demand remains difficult to predict and order lead times have contracted. As we indicated in our last earnings call, we made significant reductions in our weaker starts to bring inventory in line with the new demand environment. These actions resulted in an inventory reduction of 19% below the fourth quarter levels. Our spending is being controlled and the number of employees declined by 1,400 from Q4 levels.  Almost all the headcount reductions in Q1 and in 2009 will be focused on aligning our factory network to the new demand levels while accelerating our conversion to newer silicon technologies. Our product development machine is in high gear, delivering a new generation of products in all segments. We believe that these products extend our lead in our core businesses and position us for significant growth in the new markets we are targeting. In terms of demand, we saw a few important trends play out this quarter. First, we are seeing signs that a bottom in the PC market segment has been reached. I believe the worst is now behind us from an inventory correction and demand level adjustment level perspective. We saw order patterns strengthen throughout the quarter. Desktop sales appear to have hit bottom first and have followed more normal patterns since early February. In notebooks, the length of the supply chain and higher levels of inventory took longer to work through but now have returned to normal levels. In terms of end-user consumption, the consumer segment has held up much better than the enterprise. This is particularly true in consumer notebooks, which continue to be the volume driver in this segment. Netbook sales continue to grow as anticipated and are clearly incremental volume for us in a difficult market. In the enterprise segment, the server portion is in reasonable shape, partially reflecting demand for our newly released dual-processor products. The client portion remains weak, reflecting constrained budgets and redeployment of older equipment. The install base of enterprise notebooks is now over three years average age and will need to be upgraded as capital budgets free up. Lastly, in terms of end markets, we saw the U.S. and China demonstrate relative strength while Europe, Japan, and the emerging markets showed continuing weakness. Looking forward, I want to comment on our product and technology direction. First, we recently launched the dual-processor server versions of our Nehalem family of products and the market reception has been remarkable. Nehalem is no ordinary upgrade. These products reflect the single largest increase in server performance we have ever delivered, generation to generation and enabled revolutionary advances in performance and performance per watt metrics. At launch we had over 230 designs using the new Intel Zion 5500 across all of our OEMs with a fully-stocked distribution channel ready to support a fast ramp. This family offers enterprises the opportunity to improve their capability while lowering their cost of computing. I expect that value proposition to be extremely important during these challenging economic times. If you combine the core I-7 and the Intel Zion 5500 processors, this week Intel expects to ship its one-millionth Nehalem-based microprocessor, demonstrating that the market still responds to the best performing products. Our 32-nanometer process is very healthy and shows great promise for us. This is the reason we recently announced a $7.0 billion investment in plants and equipment to accelerate high volume deployment of this technology. We have pulled in Westmere, our fist 32-nanometer product family, and will now be shipping those products later this year. We have shipped thousands of Westmere samples to over 30 EOM customers already. We also look forward to the launch of our new consumer ultra low voltage products which will enable many new thing and light notebooks at very compelling price points. In closing, while it is clear that our end markets are still impacted by the global financial conditions, we are comfortable with our investment levels and capacity profile. We expect business conditions in Q2 to mirror those in Q1 with some gradual recovering of demand and replenishment of inventories occurring as the industry sees increasing signs of stabilization and a return to more normal seasonal trends. With that, let me now turn the meeting back over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Our first quarter results were stronger than anticipated, despite the significant impact of the weakened worldwide economy, reduced PC demand, and supply chain inventory correction. As we begin the second quarter, we are on track to reduce our 2009 spending by $700.0 million from 2008. We have brought inventories down by approximately $700.0 million from last quarter on the strength of our business model and balance sheet, allowing us to make investments in 32-nanometer factory capacity that is planned to begin production in the fourth quarter. Revenue for the first quarter was $7.1 billion, down 13% from the fourth quarter and down 26% from a year ago. Revenue of microprocessor, including Atom, was below seasonal patterns on lower volume and approximately flat average selling prices. First quarter revenue for Atom-based microprocessor and associate chip sets was $219.0 million, down 27% from the fourth quarter as a result of reductions in downstream inventory. Excluding Atom microprocessor, overall microprocessor average selling prices were also approximately flat to the fourth quarter. Revenue was down sequentially and year-over-year in every geography and both the digital enterprise group and the mobility group.  The digital enterprise group revenue was down 11% sequentially to $4.0 billion and there were clear signs that the shorter inventory pipeline resulted in more normal order patterns for much of the quarter. The longer inventory pipeline in mobile products contributed to the mobility group revenue down more than the digital enterprise group, with a 17% sequential decline, however, even in mobile, our shipment patterns returned to more normal levels by the end of the quarter.  In the factories we accomplished our objectives for the first quarter by reducing inventory levels by lowering builds and executing to the start up of our 32-nanometer process technology. Gross margin dollars were $3.3 billion, $1.1 billion lower than the fourth quarter. Gross margin percentage of 45.6%, or 7.5 points lower than the fourth quarter, and better than the low-40% outlook that we provided in January. Approximately 6 points of the sequential decline came from under-utilization charges and about 2 points came from higher start up charges as we began the ramp of 32 nanometer. Versus our expectations, under-utilization charges were better by 2 points as we increased factory utilization earlier than anticipated. Additionally, the NAND business performed a little better than forecasted, lending some gross margin improvement.  Spending for R&D and MG&A was approximately $2.5 billion, consistent with the forecast and down slightly from the fourth quarter. In addition, we had restructuring and asset impairment charges of $74.0 million. For the first quarter, the number of employees is down by 1,400 from the fourth quarter, to less than 83,000, a reduction of 20,000 employees from the start of our restructuring program in 2006. Gains, losses on equity investments and interest and other income was a net loss of $18.0 million, a smaller loss than both the fourth quarter and our outlook. Compared to the fourth quarter the loss is primarily lower as a result of the fourth quarter reduction and the carrying value of the company’s investments in Clearwire. Relative to outlook, it was better based on positive par value adjustments, on mark-to-market trading assets as the market for certain debt instruments strengthened during the first quarter. The provision for taxes in the first quarter was at a 1% tax rate, lower than the 27% previously forecasted, driven primarily by the settlement of various federal and state tax matters related to prior years and a higher percentage of profits in lower tax jurisdictions. Total inventories were down $699.0 million, or 19%, from the fourth quarter. Total cash investments, comprised of cash, short-term investments, and debt security trading assets, ended the quarter at $10.3 billion, $1.2 billion less than the fourth quarter. Capital spending was $1.5 billion. We paid nearly $800.0 million in dividends and did not repurchase stock in the quarter.  As we turn now to the outlook for the second quarter, please keep in mind that unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effects of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after April 13. I will use the midpoint of the forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods. The worldwide economic situation continues to create a high degree of uncertainty around demand, therefore we believe there remains a broader range of possible outcomes for the second quarter. In light of the uncertainty in the current environment, rather than provide precise ranges for typical outlook items, we will provide business drivers for some items and wider-than-typical ranges for others. Intel is not providing a revenue outlook at this time. For internal purposes we are currently planning our business for revenue, which is typically lower in the second quarter, to be about flat to the first quarter. Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the second quarter is it will be in the mid-40s. Quarter to quarter, lower under-utilization charges are expected to improve gross margin by about 5 points and be offset by lower average selling prices, higher unit costs, and a higher 32-nanometer start up charges. Spending for R&D and MG&A in the second quarter should be approximately $2.5 billion. Additionally, in the separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $115.0 million.  Depreciation is forecasted to be approximately $1.2 billion. Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest in other income is a net loss of $150.0 million. The loss is higher than the first quarter for a few reasons. First, we had mark-to-market good news in our trading assets in the first quarter that we do not expect in the second quarter. Additionally, we expect lower gains in our portfolio of equity securities and lower interest income. Our forecast for full year spending on R&D and MG&A is between $10.4 billion and $10.6 billion, unchanged from the prior forecast. Our expectation for annual capital spending is now that it will be slightly down from 2008. The tax rate for each of the remaining quarters in the year is now expected to be 24%, 3 points lower than the prior forecast, based on a higher concentration of profits and lower tax jurisdictions. The impact of the global recession on the PC supply chain was significant and can clearly be seen in our first quarter results. Despite this weak market, our execution was excellent and we ended the second quarter with healthy inventory levels, a great product portfolio, and the benefit of having driven our cost structure down over the past three years. While in-demand levels are still unclear, the investments we are making in 32-nanometer and in new products will provide us significant financial and competitive advantage. With that, let me turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sellers: We will now be happy to take questions. As has been our practice recently, we would like to limit each participant to one question and a follow-up. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Stacy, could you walk us through the gross margin trade-offs into the second quarter and specifically why the assumption on ASPs going down to offset the under-utilization charges also dropping?
Stacy Smith: We are forecasting a gross margin that’s in the mid-40%. You can think of that as being approximately flat to where we were in Q1. What you see is a couple of things that offset, so we will get about 5 points better in excess capacity. You know, we started reloaded the factories in Q1 a little earlier than expected, so we will see some significant increases to utilization that drives some gross margin good news. Offsetting that, then we have a few smaller items. One, as you said, is average selling prices. That really is a mix issue. As Paul said in his speech, we expect the enterprise market to continue to be relatively weaker. A higher percentage of our shipments are going to go into consumer, which is a more price-sensitive segment of the market, so we will see a mix down in average selling prices in the second quarter. That’s our prediction. The second item is we expect our costs to increase a bit in the second quarter. What we’ll be shipping in the second quarter are products that we built in Q4 and Q1. We built those products in factories that were underloaded to carry a higher cost in inventory and so that will cause our shipment costs to go up a bit in the second quarter. And then, we are going to see our 32-nanometer start-up costs peak in the second quarter and that’s pretty consistent with what we’ve seen in prior generations and what we showed you in last year’s analysts meeting. You know, we see a significant increase from Q4 to Q1. That’s in our gross margin and it will go up a bit more in Q2 and then we expect it to start coming down pretty rapidly when we get into the second half of the year.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: What do you expect your internal inventory to do and any commentary on the end-market inventory that’s been burnt more on the channel side of things.
Stacy Smith: Those two things are obviously related. I will start with the channel inventory question first. As we do our checks of channel inventory levels, we saw a significant burn off of the overhang of inventory that we had seen in Q4 and the beginning of Q1. If anything, that burnt off a little more quickly than we thought. That’s what allowed us to start lowering our factories. And then you can see that in our inventory levels. You know, we dropped significantly from Q4 to Q1. And actually I would say for our inventory levels, we are probably a little lower than we would like. In general, when we look at channel inventories, they look generally lean across the supply chain. As we think about a seasonal second half, on the back of a pretty weak first quarter, we will probably grow inventories a little bit as we go into Q2. I don’t think it will be significant but I think it will be up a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: I notice that the op margins for the mobility group were down significantly in the current quarter and I was just wondering if you could explain the variance. Is that a mix issue or is it just that in combination with under-absorption of that group?
Stacy Smith: There are really two things that are driving it. I think Paul and I both talked about it in our prepared remarks. And in fact, we talked about it at the end of last quarter. The inventory pipeline for mobile products is quite a bit longer than the inventory pipeline is for desktop products, and so what we see is revenue is down more in mobile because it just took longer to burn through that overhang of inventory. And it wasn’t until we got to the end of the quarter that I would say those inventory levels looked a little bit more normal. So percentage-wise on revenue, based on the limit of that inventory pipeline, mobile is down more than desktop. And then secondly, mobile is the majority of what we run in our factories now. We had that cross over for our internal business last year so they pick up well over half of the excess capacity charges. And it’s the combination of those two things that impacted the operating margin for MG in Q1.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: Was there a mix related to that in terms of consumer notebooks versus enterprise notebooks, also pushing down operating margins, or was that just not a factor in Q1?
Stacy Smith: I would say that was not a significant factor in the first quarter. It was really just the revenue being down based on the length of that inventory pipeline and the excess capacity charges.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: You didn’t mention Larrabee. It was highlighted at the IDF in Beijing. Can you give us an update in terms of the timing of this product, and the wafer that was shown, or Pat showed it, it looked like the chips are pretty large. Can you give us a sense in terms of the size of the chip? Is that within expectations?
Paul Otellini: Let me cover the second question first. Yes, the size of the product is within expectations. It’s a multi-core device. What you saw on that wafer was the high-end version of it. There are obviously other versions of it that have far fewer cores for different price points. So what you saw is the extreme version, I’ll put it that way. In terms of the product, we have for silicon, it’s in debug now and we’re marching towards production of that product. The silicon will get ready, or get better, over the course of the year. The software gets finished over the course of the year. I would expect volume introduction of this product to be early next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji – UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Paul, given the visibility you have, how much of what you’re seeing at the moment is [inaudible] talking and when do you think that process will end. I know you mentioned it carries on into Q2 but just to scale it, when do you think, how much of that is talking versus that there is masking with underlying weak demand and to when do you think that process will be done?
Paul Otellini: I think there was some replenishment of Intel chips at our OEMs customers in the first quarter but certainly not a number that I think would reflect full inventory levels. I think everyone is still running very lean. We actually have seen some expedites in the March time frame of can you get us product real fast, we’re running out of end-user built up product, etc. So I think you’re still seeing that. And my sense is it will stay that way until the second half of this year when you start seeing normal seasonal growth return into the business.
Uche Orji - UBS: And just looking back onto the gross margin question that was asked earlier, from a product standpoint, there are two questions I have. The first is the CULV. You talked about that in your opening remarks. What do you think is the potential for that to upsell netbooks and where will that come in in terms of margins? And then Nehalem, I understand that enterprise still remains fairly weak but one would expect that a product like that should have some pent-up demand. How much are you going to see in Q2 or should we expect the bulk of that to come in in Q3 and Q4?
Paul Otellini: We do think, and we’ve been saying this for about a quarter now, that the big trend in notebooks this year, starting midyear, is likely to be very well designed thin and light notebooks, using the CULV, or ultra low voltage products that you referenced. And I think you will see those at very attractive price points. Up to this point in time, those machines have been sort of executive jewelry. And I think they will hit mainstream consumer price points, and we are expecting that to be, that in itself will be a more clear distinguishing set of characteristics between netbooks and notebooks. In terms of netbooks, you heard Stacy talk about the Atom revenue from Q4 to Q1 and that clearly dropped more than Intel. So what we saw in the first quarter was continuing good sales of netbooks in terms of sales out, but they were living off some inventory that was built in the fourth quarter. My sense of that is approached equilibrium at this point in time as well. On Nehalem, on the core I-7 which is the workstation and high-end desktop product, that’s been shipping since November. It’s in very good volume now for that segment of the market, although it is a fairly high-end segment of the market. The real interesting is what happens on the dual-processor server product. About half the volume that I referenced was in servers, about half of it was in the desktop machine. So that gives you some idea of the slope of this product. We see this as a premium product. It is the best product in the marketplace, so you will see us maintain a premium pricing profile for this product for a while.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: A little further on Uche’s question. Given that Nehalem is ramping in two-way servers beginning in the second quarter would you expect sequential sales in your overall two-way server processors in the second quarter?
Paul Otellini: Would we expect them?
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Sequential sales growth for two-way servers overall.
Paul Otellini: Do we expect two-way to grow?
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Yes.
Paul Otellini: I don’t know that I want to give that level of granularity on guidance. I think that what I said is that the server segment to the enterprise has maintained resilience in this and we are actually seeing that there is a very good value proposition buying a new Nehalem DP server and for a consolidation for space and for virtualization and eliminating older equipment. So it’s a total cost of ownership benefit. I think that’s the metric to watch over the next quarter. My sense is enterprise budgets, of all types, are going to be constrained for a while.
Stacy Smith: I think you have to separate the two things. Nehalem will clearly ramp as a percent of the total. The question mark we would have is the overall strength of the enterprise market going forward. And what we’re seeing is that enterprise budgets are locked down pretty tight and CIOs are going to let their fleets age a bit until they get a little more clarity on what the economy looks like.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: And just a clarification of Paul’s comment on Westmere. First shipments this year. So are we going to see systems with Westmere ramping this year or is it Intel starts shipping and we will see the first systems with Westmere the beginning of next year?
Paul Otellini: I’m not going to speak to system launch. I will reiterate what I said, which is that Intel will ship its products this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung – Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Paul, this is a question for you, and oddly enough it’s actually a longer-term question. When you think about a base line of PC growth, and we can argue about what it is, but let’s for argument sake saw somewhere between 6% to 8% long-term growth. And then you layer on top of that your opportunity in netbooks, in CULV, and embedded. How do you then think about how that may enhance, or may not, Intel’s growth relative to the base line PC growth rate?
Paul Otellini: You said CULV, I think you meant hand-held for that third bucket. But that’s something I intend to talk quite a bit about at the analysts meeting so I’m going to duck it a little bit now. But I think that it’s appropriate to say that we would expect, in units, those three new markets to be at least as big as the PC market for us in the not too distant future. And that’s the goal we have, as a company.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: The second question follows in that so hopefully you kind of answer this one too. When you think about where Intel is on physical capacity. Just the amount of chips that you’re able to build. And I recognize you shut some older fabs down. Do you feel comfortable now that you have the right amount of capacity. Now, I’m not actually suggesting that you have too little, I wonder if you think you have too much. You know, for the growth that you may see in the next one to three years, for example.
Paul Otellini: In that time frame the bulk of the capacity is going to be 32-nanometer and that reflects back to the announcement we made in February on the $7.0 billion of plant equipment to bring four factories on line with that technology. We modeled that out pretty carefully. If anything, that’s a little bit more capacity than we would normally have for that kind of generation for two reasons. One, these growth opportunities that you asked about earlier. And the other is that in that generation, that’s when we start incorporation much of the chip set, including graphics, onto the microprocessor. So, I don’t see that being a situation we’re long on. If anything we could be a little tight on it. In the short term, we do worry about opportunity costs and not being able to satisfy and unforecasted snap back or uptick and we’re being very careful about that. We do not want to not have the ability to satisfy all of the demand that comes our way.
Stacy Smith: That leads into a comment on the second half from an excess capacity standpoint. When we look at the existing capacity we have in place, I think utilizations will continue to grow into the second half. It will take our utilization back into what I call historical range as we get to the end of the year. Even with modest seasonal growth patterns I’m not worried that we have too much capacity on 45-nanometer generation products. And then when we get out to next year, the balancing act that we’ll play is if overall demand is less, we can roll forward some of that 45-nanometer investment to fund part of the 32-nanometer ramp. That’s one of the levers we have we can play in that kind of time period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman – Broadpoint AmTech.
Doug Freedman – Broadpoint AmTech: Paul, can you talk a little bit about things that you need, you talked a bit about acquisition strategy here. In the quarter you have increased your shelf filing. Can you give us an idea of where and what type of activities you’re looking at over the next three months or even longer term?
Paul Otellini: There are really two different things. The shelf filing was done just to give us the flexibility. We’ve had one in the past that had expired and we decided to renew it just so we would have the capability to utilize the stock if we had the choice. What you have seen us do in the last two years is a series of relatively small acquisitions, something in the 9 to 10 range of companies, none of them more than a few hundred million dollars. And I think that tends to be our pattern at this point in time. We are looking at companies that have great technology, that can utilize our silicon capability or our channels’ and fill holes in our product portfolio to flush out our platform strategy. And we’ve been very successful with that kind of acquisition strategy. That’s the one that I like, at this point.
Doug Freedman – Broadpoint AmTech: You mentioned that you have pulled in Westmere in your 32-nanometer launch. Have you don’t similar things with some of the chip set products in trying to move them onto advanced nodes? How are those programs moving along and is there any accelerated progress there?
Paul Otellini: Well, the chip sets actually go through a transition here. As we bring the memory controller and some of the other functions onto the microprocessor we can have a more benign process profile relative to some of the remaining functions that would go into what we now call chip sets.  And that’s one of the reasons that we’re bringing on the factory in Dalian, in China. That factory is likely to be our long-term chip set factory and that will be two generations off the leading edge. And obtained at low cost stable products that will run for a number of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: A couple of questions. Stacy, the first one, just trying to understand your comment about higher unit costs where you indicated that some inventory from, or some build from Q4 and Q1 will flow through to Q2. I guess my question is, given the big reduction you’ve seen in throughput times, why is that necessarily the case that inventory from two quarters ago would hit your P&L in this quarter?
Stacy Smith: Remember, we grew a lot of inventory in Q4 which was why we were so aggressive in trying to bring down our inventory in Q1. And even with the reductions that we’ve made through throughput time, you tend to see the time through the factory and then the time where product fits in inventory. It tend to be a little greater than a quarter. So the stuff I’ll be selling in Q2 are products that were built at the end of Q4 and into Q1 where my utilization rate was higher. And then overtime, as the factories get reloaded, the cost that sits in inventory will be less.
Paul Otellini: I would also point out that the inventory that we have in microprocessor is all with niche technology. It’s all 45-nanometer product.
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: The second question, basically a question on clarification. Just as I’m thinking about the underloading charges here, you had a 3 point hit in Q4, an additional 6 point hit in Q1, and you’re getting 5 points back, so is it fair to think you’re getting 5 out the total of about 9 points back by Q2?  And then, I guess the second question along those same lines, between higher unit costs, higher start-up costs and lower ASPs, could you bucket, you know, which one is contributing more to the drag and which one is less into Q2?
Stacy Smith: Let me answer those in the order you asked them. So, yeah, you are thinking about the start up costs in roughly the right numbers. The other way to look at this is if you look at, I’m sorry excess capacity costs. The other way to look at it is you look at it in relative to a year ago. So Q1 2009 versus Q1 2008. There’s close to about 10 points of gross margin hit based on excess capacity. It’s right in that range. And we’re going to get about half of that back in Q2 and then I expect to get the rest of that back sometime in the second half. And then your question on the bucketing of the different charges. Think of them as all kind of being between one and two points of gross margin. So no one of those is nearly as significant as the improvement in excess capacity charges. They just all happened to move the other way and offset some of that good news.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Stacy, on the Q2 gross margin guidance, the 500 basis point hit you get from the improvement in utilization, the three factors you talked about, how does that break about between each? Is a third, a third, a third, or could you specifically talk about 32-nanometer start up costs and how they trend from Q1 into Q2?
Stacy Smith: Yes, as I just said, they’re all between one and two points, neither one is hugely significant relative to the others. In terms of the startup cost piece in particular, you should think about in terms of the trend that we’ve shown you in prior generations and the trend we showed more or less a year ago for this year. A significant increase in Q1, they go up a bit more in Q2, and then they start coming down pretty rapidly in Q3. We expect the same trend on 32-nanometer that we saw with 45-nanometer in the generations prior to that.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: That’s a good lead in to my second question. Off the December quarter conference call you talked about second half margins kind of returning to more healthy levels and I don’t think you formally endorse something above 50 but I’m wondering if you could talk about, in the context of what you said in January, what your expectations are for second half margins.
Stacy Smith: The same. And I think I did pretty much formally endorse it. I said I look at a normal gross margin for us of being between 50% and 60% and there’s not a ton of science behind that, that’s just if you look at the last ten years, 75% or so of our gross margin readings are between those two points.  With the improvement in the excess capacity charges and the improvement in the start-up costs over the course of the second half I expect to get back into that normal range. I expected that a quarter ago, I still expect that today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edwin Mok - Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: I have a question on capex, you might have [lowered] your capex a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Stacy Smith: We did bring down our view a little bit of capex this year. We now expect to be slightly down from 2008. 2008 it was $5.2 billion. You should think of that as, you know, as has been our history over the last few years, we were able to find some efficiencies that brought capital spending down a bit. It does not change our overall strategy.  What I articulated last quarter is that the majority of our capital spending in 2009 is to get to the first production set on 32-nanometer. Still absolutely moving to that. We’re not slowing down that ramp at all. But the factories were able to find some efficiencies that brought some confidence to the fact that we will be down a bit as opposed to flat.  We’re still looking hard for those efficiencies across the business, in capital and across the operational spending line and I am hopeful we will have some success in finding them.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: And just a follow-up question on the ASP. You mentioned that mix was the reason why you expect ASP to be down sequentially because of more consumer products. What about pricing for the product? Any reason that you might want to adjust the pricing? There’s some talk that you might be considering raising price on the Atom.
Paul Otellini: No, our price moves are fairly well telegraphed to our customers a number of months in advance. There are new versions of Atom coming out. We talked about a dual-core version. That will cost more than the single-core version but other than that, no, we’re not looking at raising prices. What we are trying to drive, and what we always try to drive is try to sell the richest mix possible. That’s a little more taxing in this environment, particularly when you have things like the enterprise, which tend to buy a relatively high mix of products, keeping their wallets shut for a while.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Paul, I was wondering if you might be able to give some color on how you perceive sort of broader visibility and how you might compare that to the conversation from January. You talked about a bottom in the PC market and possibly some month-over-month improvement as you went through the quarter. On the other side of that your guidance was sort of flat, or somewhat similar, although it’s not formal. But just general color on how you see the marketplace and to what extent there is any visibility.
Paul Otellini: I can try. I think that, first of all, when we said we are planning our business flat in this environment, you have to remember that traditionally the second quarter is seasonally below the first quarter, so that alone, at least internally, is a sign of how we view the world. In terms of visibility, three months ago we were sitting in a fragile global economic environment and we had just come off of a horrendous Q4 and we weren’t sure where sales out were of PCs. Three months later we’re still sitting in a fragile global economic environment but we’ve got three or four months of fairly good trending in terms of where the business is, what the inventory levels are, what geographies are still buying product, what segments are still buying product.  And so the global environment hasn’t changed but our ability to look and plot some points, historical points, has given us the confidence to essentially say that the industry has seen the bottom. And I feel pretty comfortable in that, having done this for more than a few years.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Do you fell then that seasonality is likely to be somewhat similar to broader seasonal patterns in the second half? Do you have any color there? And as part of that, I have noticed in the past that you’ve talked about chip sets being directionally sometimes helpful, but the mobility chip sets were down 21%. Maybe that’s just because they were weak at the beginning of the first quarter, but any color there?
Paul Otellini: That goes back to the backline. Desktops are a business which is very, very quick—most of them are simple to order. 40% of desktop chips go through our industrial distribution channels. They’re sold in white boxes for the most part. So there is essentially no inventory on those and that’s why when we saw that stabilizing in the early part of the quarter, that was the first stake in the ground in terms of trying to figure out where the business was. The notebook business, we talked about this last time, not only has a longer supply chain, and most of it is branded, much of it was put on boats in the third and fourth quarter to save fuel costs. And there’s a lot of inventory built ahead of the holiday season in Q4 that had to burn off. We now believe that the vast majority of that has burned off.  All the patterns we’ve seen on chip sets for mobile and on microprocessors for mobile are consistent with that in terms of our customers and the time on these mother board manufacturers now beginning to buy again for product that is reflecting end-user consumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely – JPMorgan.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: So you talked about your gross margin trends in the second half of the year assuming some normal seasonal patterns. Why not throw out a full year gross margin guidance and then which quarter do you expect higher incremental gross margins in, Q3 or Q4?
Stacy Smith: It’s relatively straight-forward to look at the trend of what’s happening. It’s quite difficult until we get a sense of the underlying business level to put a point around gross margin, which is why we’re not putting a point estimate out there for gross margin. I can say with some confidence our inventory level came down dramatically in Q1. Actually I can say that with complete confidence. We can say with some confidence that the overhang of inventory in the industry has come down to normal levels. That’s allowing us start refilling our factories on a trend basis. We’re going to start seeing less excess capacity charge now continue into the second half. In terms of where the gross margin ends up is really going to be a function of what does demand look like in the second half. And I think Paul did a great job of articulating just a lack of visibility. We have hit bottom, lots of indications of that, but still a lack of crisp variability of what does in-demand look like, particularly as we get into the second half.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: You’re operating margins in sort of the other category went up a lot. Was that all due to NAND or was there anything else in there?
Stacy Smith: NAND did get a bit better but you should also look at our restructuring cost drop to quarter on quarter. That’s a piece of it as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest Capital.
JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest Capital: I just wanted to clarify what you view as normal and why you’re saying you think things have returned to more normal seasonal patterns, so it’s just a follow-up. So you are confident that you are seeing normal seasonal patterns return but not sure to what degree perhaps. Is that the main issue that you think that in the second half we do get that uptick but we just don’t know how big it is yet and that’s why you’re being conservative about guidance?
Stacy Smith: I think you have it exactly right. Everything I have seen suggests that the industry is at a new base line. We are starting to see the normal seasonality adjusted a little bit for the inventory replenishment we talked about earlier for Q2. And then every sign we see in terms of markets recovering and here’s the time phase deal suggests that we’re likely to see typical seasonality in the second half. You know, I talked about Europe being weak. My sense is that everything we’ve seen, Europe was like the United States except two or three months later. And so Europe is sitting today where we all were two or three months ago, which was still a bit more frozen than we are today. And our recent channel checks in Europe suggest that consumers are now starting to open their wallets for notebooks again.
JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest Capital: So if we are at a new base line and we’re not quite sure how high the seasonal uptick is going to be in the second half, going back to that gross margin question, so we’re at a line that is considerably lower than we were a year ago. Would it be reasonable then to expect that gross margin in the second half is more likely to end up in the lower half of that 50% to 60% range, because we are starting from a lower base line, and is that a reasonable way to think about this?
Stacy Smith: It’s all going to depend on your view of what the unit strength looks like in the second half. Again, the similar answer to Chris’ question, I can say with some confidence we’re going to see an improving gross margin as we get into the second half, based on the driver that I’ve articulated, excess capacity charges and start-up costs abating. Where it ends up in that normal range to a first approximation is going to based on the strength of the unit demand that we see in the second half. Over time we can adjust our capacity but that’s something that is more of a 2010 issue than a 2009 issue.
JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest Capital: In the past you’ve talked about Atom and margins and we have all tried to understand the relative impact on gross margins to operating. Do you still feel like Atom has a greater potential to contribute to the operating margin level relative to the gross margin level. And is that something that is become more of an issue as the year progresses?
Stacy Smith: I will talk about that in some detail at the upcoming investor meeting. My view of Atom hasn’t changed and as we look at the Q1 results from an overall product margin standpoint, dollars are equivalent to what we see at the low end of our stack today. 5 margin percent is significantly better than the low end of that stack so from that perspective it chips a very healthy product margin for us. It also does a good job of leveraging investments we already make. And so I think you’re going to see it being a top line driver. I’m not expecting it to be dilutive at the gross margin level and it should drive operating profit expansion. And I will try to share more specifics in the investor meeting so that you can see some of the data of the nine plus months we’ve been shipping the product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just ask a few more questions about the Atom. I guess I was surprised at the decline in revenue in the first quarter. And you say there was inventory in that book. Do you know where the inventory was geographically?
Paul Otellini: A lot of it was still in warehouses in China at the end of fourth quarter because people didn’t sell as many as they thought and a lot of the units were being sold in Asia. As I said, at this point in time, that we believe that most of this quarters activity on Atom was our customers’ selling off that overhang of inventory from Q4 and Atom was still fairly strong. Even though it was down 26% it was down from a number that had doubled from Q3 to Q4.  So you’re still talking about a fairly strong clip and I think we would still expect netbooks as a category to be approximately 2x in 2009 versus 2008. This is still one of the hot categories out there and one of the great stories of technology this year.
Stacy Smith: It wasn’t a surprise to us, in fact I think we said it on the last call that we expected a pretty significant inventory reduction. This has to do with where the economic uncertainty hit relative to the ramp. That the channels were filling rapidly, the economic uncertainty, that inventory needed to clear out. We expected it in Q1 and we saw it in Q1.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, maybe it’s an obvious question but any speculation of a shortage of Atoms?
Paul Otellini: These are products that we can build by the millions. Not a problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barton - Cowen & Co.
John Barton - Cowen & Co.: Paul, can you provide any update on the engagement with TSMC for Atom and obviously for embedded applications. How has that progressed? Any feedback from customers, the end markets that you see people gravitating towards such an engagement in?
Paul Otellini: I can give you a little bit, not a lot. We announced that engagement about a month ago. It’s beginning with Intel doing the port of Atom over to their process technologies, take advantage of the collaterals and so forth. We announced it well ahead of the availability of the core partially, to get at your second question, was to see the level of interest that is out there. Our intent by doing this was to help move Intel architecture more aggressively into new markets. We are not looking at this as an outsourcing of Intel factories, by any stretch. This is really an architectural play to be able to take advantage of the different customer base that TSMC as well as the I people locks and collaterals that they have in their libraries.  And there have been a good number of interesting phone calls subsequent to that announcement, where people want to know the specifics and what can they do and how can they use this product to go into such and such market. And it’s premature to announce those but right now it looks like the strategy to put it there, in terms of widening the architectural acceptance, looks pretty good.
John Barton - Cowen & Co.: Stacy, you reiterated your view that the back half of this year is probably a 50% to 60% gross margin range. Obviously nothing has changed in your view of 32-nanometer, nothing has changed in the fact that you should have flushed through the Q4, Q1 higher cost inventory, but one of the drags, if I can call it there, on Q2 gross margins is the mix issue. You know towards consumer, away from enterprise. And I did hear some hesitancy with respect to when enterprise will rebound. Can I read into your statements that you expect enterprise to rebound by the end of the year or is it just the fact that 50% to 60% is such a range you could absorb that 2% hit and it just doesn’t matter to you.
Stacy Smith: I think I get into that range based on the abatement of excess capacity charges and start-up costs. Even if the enterprise market stays weak. Now, we could see other changes in the marketplace that could put that in jeopardy but, yeah, I don’t need a big recovery in the enterprise market. And in fact, it’s not something I’m projecting for Q2. I think the enterprise market will continue to be weak for a while.
Operator: Your final question comes from Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Given the positioning of IM Flash as potentially becoming the [inaudible] NAND flash this year and the other supplier cutting capacity, does this provide you with an incentive to further invest in [inaudible] node and if you can give us a roadmap of time line in that regard.
Stacy Smith: Let me take you on a couple of different places on that. First, our strategy is unchanged. We are continuing to try to drive cost improvements based on, in general, weak market dynamics out there. We are trying to minimize incremental capacity coming on line. To that end, we have taken in conjunction with Micron that all the generation 200 mm factory offline, we did that in Q4. We are delaying the start up of the Singapore factory in order to avoid having new classy come on. So I would say this is not a change to our strategy. What you saw in the gross margin was the impact of some of those tactical changes having a positive impact on our business. We are ramping for nanometer factories that gave us improvement in costs. We expected costs to get better but it actually got a little bit better than we thought. And frankly, the pricing environment in Q1 was a little better than we anticipated as well, and that helped gross margins be a bit better than expectations. When I think about the year, though, I think we will continue to see good news associated with costs but I also think just based on overall weakness in the consumer marketplaces around the world, we’re going to continue to see this being a pricing-challenged environment and so you’re going to see us keep executing to our strategy of trying to drive cost improvements and efficiencies and avoiding taking new capacity on line.  And then secondly, the strategy of trying to move as fast as possible into new form factors like SSDs, absolutely critical to our strategy. It is where we believe we can get paid better for our technology and I think we are having some success in terms of design wins in the first quarter.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Given the increasing bundling of base band with Atom inside netbooks, do you see having a base band architecture as strategic to our netbooks strategy going forward?
Paul Otellini: Well we certainly have plans to announce plans for WiMax into those boxes. Our customers are designing a number of netbooks with 3G in them and they are able to do that without Intel 3G silicon. At some point in time, though, as we move to system-on-chip and into smaller form factors, hand held in particular, having a 3G capability would be strategic for us.
Kevin Sellers: I just want to close by saying first of all, thank everyone for joining on the call and remind you that the quiet period for our second quarter begins at the close of business on Friday, May 29, and our second quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for July 14, 2009. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-15 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Sellers – VP, IR Paul Otellini - President and CEO Stacy Smith - CFO
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank John Barton - Cowen & Co. Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James Uche Orji - UBS Chris Danely - JPMorgan Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities Tim Luke - Barclays Capital John Dryden - Charter Equity Research Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners David Wu - Global Crown Capital Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q4 2008 Intel Corporation Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are muted. (Operator Instructions).
':
Kevin Sellers:
':
':
':
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. Our fourth quarter results reflect the difficult economic climate. Putting our results into perspective, this is only the second time in 20 years that our fourth quarter revenues were below the third quarter, the last being the year 2000 where revenues declined less than 1%. The pace of the revenue decline in the quarter was dramatic and resulted from reduced demand and inventory contraction across the supply chain. While inventories in total have declined, we are assuming further reduction in Q1. The fourth quarter was a weak ending to a tremendous year of accomplishment for Intel. We launched two groundbreaking architectures with Atom and Nehalem which together strengthened our competitive position in the traditional PC marketplace and offer incremental growth opportunities in new markets in foreign factors. We continued our focus on efficiencies and have built that mindset into our daily operations. We divested a number of non-strategic businesses and spun out others such as our NOR flash operations. We saw the scale-out of our 45-nanometer manufacturing process, and the design completion of our next generation 32-nanometer process technology. WiMAX entered commercial deployment and holds great promise of becoming a ubiquitous mobile broadband technology. In summary, we delivered on our operational goals in nearly all elements under our control. This disciplined execution remains an important strength for us and is the centerpiece of how we plan to manage the business during this economic downturn. Now, let me briefly discuss our priorities for managing during this environment. First, we understand the absolute need for fiscal discipline and have in place several initiatives focused on savings and modulating our investments. We have been undergoing a broad-based restructuring for the past three years and have the efficiency gene strongly ingrained into how we do business.
': We will continue our pace of investment in R&D. In 2009, we have a slate of new products and technologies coming to market that offer superior value for our customers. We remain on track for introducing our 32-nanometer process technology in the second half of this year and we will not slow down this introduction. We believe that the shift to 32-nanometers will increase our performance lead, lower our product costs and usher in a new era of high volume system-on-chip products. Third, we will continue to invest in our growth initiatives. Atom is launched and is being well received. It is a great addition to our product portfolio in this recessionary environment in that it enables new capabilities at affordable price points and good margins. We have made good progress in the consumer electronics space with our Canmore processor.
': We will continue our pace of investment in R&D. In 2009, we have a slate of new products and technologies coming to market that offer superior value for our customers. We remain on track for introducing our 32-nanometer process technology in the second half of this year and we will not slow down this introduction. We believe that the shift to 32-nanometers will increase our performance lead, lower our product costs and usher in a new era of high volume system-on-chip products. Third, we will continue to invest in our growth initiatives. Atom is launched and is being well received. It is a great addition to our product portfolio in this recessionary environment in that it enables new capabilities at affordable price points and good margins. We have made good progress in the consumer electronics space with our Canmore processor.
': We will continue our pace of investment in R&D. In 2009, we have a slate of new products and technologies coming to market that offer superior value for our customers. We remain on track for introducing our 32-nanometer process technology in the second half of this year and we will not slow down this introduction. We believe that the shift to 32-nanometers will increase our performance lead, lower our product costs and usher in a new era of high volume system-on-chip products. Third, we will continue to invest in our growth initiatives. Atom is launched and is being well received. It is a great addition to our product portfolio in this recessionary environment in that it enables new capabilities at affordable price points and good margins. We have made good progress in the consumer electronics space with our Canmore processor.
': We expect a number of significant design win announcements over the course of 2009. In the midst of the difficulties of the global economy, we remain optimistic about where our strategy and execution can take us. One example is our Nehalem dual processor server offering which began shipping for revenue in December. The performance of this product is stunning and will allow our customers to offer businesses unprecedented performance while lowering their operating costs. Lastly, we have great confidence in the cash generation element of our business model and as a consequence my plan is to not reduce or eliminate our dividend. With that, let me turn the show now over to Stacy.
Stacy Smith: Thank you, Paul. The slowing of the worldwide economy resulted in a weak fourth quarter. Revenue for the fourth quarter declined 19% from the third quarter to $8.2 billion, as downstream inventory corrections attempted to keep pace with the decline in demand that occurred over the course of the quarter. Revenue of microprocessors, excluding Atom, was significantly below seasonal patterns but average selling prices were up. Fourth quarter revenue for Atom-based microprocessors and associated chipsets was $300 million, up 50% from the third quarter. Including Atom microprocessor revenue, overall microprocessor average selling prices were flat to the third quarter. Revenue in the Digital Enterprise Group and the Mobility Group was down due to a decline in microprocessor and chipset unit shipments. Revenue in all geographies declined sequentially and year-over-year. Gross margin of 53.1% was down 6 points from the third quarter and down 5 points from the fourth quarter of 2007. As we responded to reductions in demand, we reduced factory loadings, which resulted in about $250 million in underutilization charges, or about a 3-point decline in gross margin from the third quarter. An additional 3-point decline came from inventory write-offs on computing-related products which were primarily demand related. Spending on R&D and MG&A was $2.6 billion, $300 million lower than the third quarter, due to lower revenue and profit related expenses and targeted spending reductions. In the separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, expenses were approximately $250 million, with about $200 million related to the shutdown of 200-millimeter NAND manufacturing facilities and the Intel/Micron joint venture. We ended the year with approximately 84,000 employees, down 3% from a year ago, and down 16% from the end of 2005.
': Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments and fixed income trading assets ended the quarter at $11.5 billion, approximately $250 million lower than the third quarter. The credit quality of our fixed income investment portfolio remains high with other than temporary losses during this tough credit environment minor, at approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter. Cash flow from operations was approximately $2.6 billion. Capital spending was $1.8 billion. We paid nearly $800 million in dividends and did not repurchase stock in the quarter. For the year, we generated approximately $11 billion in cash flow from operations, spent $5.2 billion in capital, paid over $3 billion in dividends and repurchased over $7 billion of Intel stock. As we turn now to the outlook for the first quarter and the full year, please keep in mind that unless otherwise specified the forecasts do not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions that may be completed after January 14. I will use the midpoint of the forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods. The worldwide economic situation is creating a high degree of uncertainty around demand. Therefore, we believe there is a broader than normal range of possible outcomes for the first quarter and the full year. In light of the uncertainty in the current environment, rather than provide precise ranges for typical outlook items we will provide business drivers for some items and wider than typical ranges for others. Intel is not providing a revenue outlook at this time. For internal purposes we are currently planning our business for first quarter revenue to be in the vicinity of $7 billion. Our expectation for gross margin is that it will decline significantly in the first quarter. As we continue responding to demand signals with cuts to factory loading levels, we expect that underutilization charges will lead to an additional 8-point decline in gross margin. In addition, as we begin the ramp of 32-nanometer process technology we expect another couple of points decline in gross margin in the first quarter. Based on our current view of the market, we expect gross margin for the first quarter will decline into the low 40s. As the quarter unfolds, changes in demand levels and pricing of products could impact inventory write-offs, mix and unit costs, and potentially create an additional several points of margin variability. Spending for R&D and MG&A in the first quarter should be approximately $2.5 billion, down slightly from the fourth quarter. Additionally, in the separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $160 million as we continue to improve our costs and overall efficiency. Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest and other income is a net loss of $130 million. Looking ahead to the full year, R&D and MG&A is expected to be between $10.4 billion and $10.6 billion. This is down 6% from 2008 due to targeted spending reductions, lower spending for revenue and profit-dependent items, and the standard shift between R&D and cost of sales spending as we ramp our new 32-nanometer process technology. With the efficiencies that we have generated over the last three years and the spending reduction already achieved in the fourth quarter, we are confident that we can achieve this spending level. For Research and Development, we plan to spend approximately $5.4 billion to develop innovative leadership products and advanced manufacturing process technology. Our expectation for capital spending is to be flat to slightly down from 2008. Our capital spending for 2009 is expected to primarily consist of investments in 32-nanometer process technology. Depreciation for the year is forecasted to be $4.8 billion, plus or minus $100 million, up from $4.4 billion in 2008. The estimated tax rate for 2009 is 27%. Despite the unprecedented drop in demand we experienced in the fourth quarter, we entered this downturn well positioned both competitively and financially. Our cash flow generation, strong balance sheet and the focus we have had on improving efficiency over the past three years will allow us to weather this downturn. Our restructuring and efficiency program has already resulted in run rate savings of greater than $3 billion, CapEx avoidance in excess of $1 billion, and a reduction of 20,000 employees from our peak in 2006. While we are making selective investments to further our competitive position, like investments in R&D and 32-nanometer process technology, we are also focused on responding to the weak demand environment. We plan to take another $700 million out of spending next year. In the factories, we are aggressively reducing build plans in order to avoid putting unnecessary cost into inventory and while that will have a significant impact on our financials in the first quarter, it is the prudent response to the current environment and will benefit us when demand stabilizes. With that, let me turn it back to Kevin for Q&A.
Kevin Sellers:
':
':
':
':
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung. Go ahead.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:
':
Paul Otellini:
': On the notebook side, I think what you see is that it takes longer to slow it down. Much of our desktop business is through the channel, which is a configure-to-order model. And so the channel adapts very rapidly. They have little inventories to begin with, but adapts very rapidly to demand changes, and in fact if anything our channel inventories in desktop products are a little light right now as channel sales stabilized in the second half of December. Notebooks for the most part are assembled in China and Taiwan and then shipped, most recently in the last six months or so, on boats. So the supply line actually lengthened as people fought to save money on shipping as the air transit prices went up with the gas going up. So that all started to contract.
': On the notebook side, I think what you see is that it takes longer to slow it down. Much of our desktop business is through the channel, which is a configure-to-order model. And so the channel adapts very rapidly. They have little inventories to begin with, but adapts very rapidly to demand changes, and in fact if anything our channel inventories in desktop products are a little light right now as channel sales stabilized in the second half of December. Notebooks for the most part are assembled in China and Taiwan and then shipped, most recently in the last six months or so, on boats. So the supply line actually lengthened as people fought to save money on shipping as the air transit prices went up with the gas going up. So that all started to contract.
':
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:
':
':
':
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:
':
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Glen. Melanie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong. Go ahead.
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you very much. A bit further on that question with regard to notebooks and desktops, the Digital Enterprise microprocessor sales were down by just about 10% sequentially, if I calculate correctly. Was there some strength in servers that helped prop up this number?
Stacy Smith: Yes, the DEG was impacted positively because the new technology we brought in helped us from a pricing standpoint and servers so you saw a little bit of an ASP increase there.
':
':
David Wong - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great, thanks. The other thing is can you give us some idea of the pattern of 32-nanometer start-up charges in each of the next few quarters?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, David. Melanie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer. Go ahead.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks, guys. Stacy, maybe just as a follow-on to that with a little more detail. You said about taking your inventory down in Q1, would you care to give us a sense of how much you think on a dollar basis you think you could bring down inventory given where factory loading is if you hit that kind of $7 billion internal plan for top line?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:
':
':
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, John. Melanie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore. Go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hey, Stacy, looking at that the gross margin line, if I go back to when the dot-com bubble burst the gross margin stayed no better than 51% for the better part of two years. Can you just walk us through what would be the same or different in this downturn versus that one? And what it would mean for gross margin?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
s:
':
':
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: You mentioned about inventory coming down. Internally, you think by a healthy amount do you think the channel inventory falls by a similar healthy amount like the fourth quarter, more or less?
Stacy Smith:
':
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Ross, appreciate it. Melanie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barton. Go ahead.
John Barton - Cowen :
':
Paul Otellini: The Tam for netbooks or the Tam-Tam?
John Barton - Cowen : The Tam for your portion of it, the Atom processor and the chipset.
Paul Otellini: For the PC industry?
John Barton - Cowen :
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
John Barton - Cowen :
':
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
John Barton - Cowen : Fair enough. I mean, as a follow-up, how do you envision competition materializing at the processor level for the netbook application as you look out over the next few years?
Paul Otellini: At CES you saw a lot of buzz around netbooks and you saw a lot of commentary from non-traditional competitors and traditional competitors about the desirability of entering that segment. Which to me validates our view that it had a high potential for growth and it was an exciting segment and that it would be attractive, in particular in this kind of economic environment. And so, A, we have a very good lead since we sort of established this business. Our product, as near as I can tell, is by far the best on the market, not just in our own architecture but in all architectures given the costs, the benefits, the battery life and the software capability we have. So I would expect that we will do very well in the netbook market over the course of the next couple of years.
John Barton - Cowen : Thank you.
Kevin Sellers: Yes, thanks, John. Melanie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello. Go ahead.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Jim. Next question, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann. Go ahead.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:
':
':
Paul Otellini: Yes.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: And that product would be called Havendale?
Paul Otellini:
':
':
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:
':
Paul Otellini:
':
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:
':
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Great. Thank you.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Hans. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji. Go ahead.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. First question, Stacy, or to Paul, within the mix of your revenues, chipsets seems to have dropped off quite sharply for both desktops and also for mobile. To what extent is this an indicator at all, first of all can you explain what may have happened within that in the context of your revenue and how much was this a function of ramping earlier for Nehalem and then things falling off. Can you please explain that?
Paul Otellini: Sure. Let me try. It really had nothing to do with Nehalem. If you wind the clock back to our third quarter, one of the things we talked about, was that we had record all-time revenues and units in the chipset business and in fact, we talked about the fact that historically, the chipset business is a leading indicator for demand and that chipsets tend to ship into the PC ecosystem six to eight weeks before processors are mated with them in the system. And so that was one of the indicators that gave us reasonable confidence for the fourth quarter.
':
':
':
':
':
':
Stacy Smith:
':
Uche Orji - UBS:
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Uche. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely. Go ahead.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks, guys. If I run through the math real quick, it seems to me like you have to take out, reduce your inventory maybe $700 million, $800 million, $900 million in Q1 to get back to normal levels. Am I in the right ballpark?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
Chris Danely - JPMorgan:
':
':
':
Stacy Smith: Well, in that kind of a hypothetical situation, the levers you would see us push is we would slow the ramp rate of 32-nanometer, we would look at our older generation process technology and because we build in the ability to reuse and roll forward that equipment from 45 to 32, you would see us take some of the older generation capacity off-line and roll it forward to 32.
':
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Stacy Smith: Sure.
Kevin Sellers: Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda. Go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: Yes, hi. Couple of questions. Stacy, your comment about the impact in Q1 from 32-nanometer start-up costs being a couple of points, roughly equates to about $150 million in the quarter.
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: Just to be clear, then, 2 points is about the right number to think about for Q1 in terms of the hit and then the shape of the curve is very similar to what you had indicated last year?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: Okay. My follow-up question is on flash, any sense you can give us of what the flash number looked like, is it lumped under the all other category? It seems like it might have done reasonably well. Was that related to the efforts on the SSD front?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
Sumit Dhanda -Banc of America Securities: Thank you very much.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke. Go ahead.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. I just had a question, Paul, with respect to Atom. It looked like off the $300 million of revenue that unit wise it might be around almost 10% of the microprocessor units.
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Stacy, just with respect to your earlier comment on saying that you thought you would get into a healthy range in the second half of the year on the gross margin side with a trough in the first quarter, is a healthy range back towards that low 50s or how should we think about that?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Tim. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Dryden. Go ahead.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Was Asia worse than other geographies? Was that due to the change in the shipping method mentioned earlier in the call or a larger reduction in demand?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Stacy, as a follow-up, investments in non-marketable securities down $1.1 billion, was that the write-down action specifically with Clearwire or is there a mix associated with the number?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Thanks for taking my questions.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, John. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy. Go ahead.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners:
':
Paul Otellini:
':
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And so the platform, say the Calpella platform, is on schedule for, say, an October introduction?
Paul Otellini:
':
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Kevin. Go ahead, Melanie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wu. Go ahead.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay, thank you.
Kevin Sellers:
':
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from Gus Richard. Go ahead.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray:
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray:
':
':
':
':
Paul Otellini:
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: Got it. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Gus. Go ahead, Melanie. This will be our last questioner.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Brian Piccioni. Go ahead.
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets:
':
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
':
':
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: So presumably as cash generation would increase, then the buyback would be reconsidered, I guess?
Stacy Smith:
':
':
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets:
':
Stacy Smith:
':
':
':
':
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Stacy Smith:
':
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Brian. Melanie, just to quickly wrap up here, I want to thank everyone for joining the call and remind those on the call that our quiet period begins, for the first quarter, will begin the close of business on February 27 and that our first quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for April 14, 2009. Thank you all, again, for joining us. Good evening.
Operator:
':

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-14 16:45:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Wylie – VP IR Timothy Morse – Sr. VP & CFO John Daane – President & CEO
Analysts:  Glen Yeung - Citigroup James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Uche Orji - UBS John Dryden - Charter Equity Research Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray David Wu – Global Crown Capital Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse Arnab Chanda – Deutsche Bank Tim Luke – Barclays Capital 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Altera third quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation. 
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon, thank you for joining this conference call which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations webpage where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, and use code 258712. During today's call we'll be making some forward-looking statements and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear on our SEC filings.  Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or are available from the company without charge.  With me today are John Daane, our CEO, and Timothy Morse, CFO. Timothy will open the call with a financial overview before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Timothy Morse.
Timothy Morse: Thanks Scott, my overview today will cover third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook as well as initial guidance for 2009. Beginning with our headline metrics for third quarter Altera generated 13% year-over-year revenue growth, 31% operating margin rate and 38% return on equity. We remain committed to our fundamental themes of growth, efficiency and shareholder value and we’re pleased to have achieved all three goals in the same reporting period for the second consecutive quarter. The year 2008 has been a year of substantial progress for Altera and we continue to see ample opportunity to expand on this foundation in the years to come. Moving to a detailed review of third quarter financial results, revenue of $357 million was roughly 1% below second quarter but finished toward the upper end of our guidance range. Growth rates among our customer categories were broadly consistent with small customers slightly outpacing large ones. Gross margin likewise remained sequentially stable at 67.1% with market segment mix essentially neutral.  Operating expenses for the period were approximately $126 million down 8% from third quarter 2007 and $5 million below midpoint of guidance. On a reported basis, R&D was $61 million and SG&A was $65 million.  However, both of these results contain some offsetting non-recurring charges that require further explanation. The amount of $61 million for R&D included nearly $3 million of favorability from our NQDC, or non-qualified deferred compensation plan.  As you may recall from first quarter unrealized gains and losses from employee owned investments flow through our income statement without any earnings impact at all. In the third quarter therefore, we saw the unrealized losses in those portfolios recorded as favorability and OpEx while the corresponding un-favorability was recorded in other income. Excluding this effect R&D nonetheless landed below the guidance range. That under run was attributable once again to labor and indirect cost efficiencies. The amount of $65 million for SG&A included a negligible amount for NQDC but did contain roughly $3 million of non-recurring charges related to the elimination of some manufacturers’ representatives and other employee termination costs. Excluding those charges SG&A under ran guidance across a wide variety of line items. At the operating margin level Altera earned roughly $113 million, up 77% from prior year. The resulting 31.7% OM rate was roughly consistent with second quarter and well above our historical range of 22% to 23%. The entire company has contributed to this rate expansion and we will continue to proactively improve upon it on an ongoing basis.  Other income for the quarter was roughly $300,000 on a reported basis including the adverse impact of NQDC. Excluding NQDC other income fell within the guidance range.  The effective tax rate for 3Q 2008 was stable at 16.5%. With the recent passage of the US R&D tax credit we expect the full year rate to fall into the previously communicated 14% to 15% range.  On the net income line Altera generated roughly $95 million or $0.31 per diluted share. That result was up 375 from last year in dollar terms and 58% in EPS. During the quarter we repurchased 2.1 million at a cost of $42 million. Given the market decline in the last two weeks, we’ve now picked up an additional 3.1 million at a cost of just over $54 million. With regard to the balance sheet cash and investments finished third quarter just shy of $1.3 billion. Year-to-date cash flow from operations is roughly $340 million reflecting the strength of our financial model.  At $221 million accounts receivable declined sequentially by $36 million and we remained at historical lows for aging and past due accounts. With regard to inventory, three months supply on hand remained unchanged at 1.9 months for Altera and 1.1 months for distributors. As previously noted the combination of strong operating results and ongoing capital structure improvements have yielded 38% ROE this quarter on a trailing 12 month basis, up from 21% in 2007 and 23% in 2006. Moving to our outlook for the fourth quarter given the unprecedented global macroeconomic uncertainty we are proceeding with an up 1% to down 3% sales range to account for a wider variety of potential outcomes.  Turns are one to two points higher then third quarter’s 59% but still within historical ranges. Gross margins on the other hand are expected to improve to 68% plus or minus half a point, on the back of continued cost of goods sold improvements. For OpEx we expect both 65 and 40-nm development expenses to drive R&D to the $73 million to $75 million range while SG&A should land between $64 million and $65 million. With respect to tax the fourth quarter provision will be 8% to 9% as we true up for the passage of the US R&D tax credit.  Rounding out the income statement we anticipate other income to be $3 million to $4 million and diluted share count to approximate 305 million shares. On the balance sheet we expect inventory MSOH to tick up slightly in December as we ramp Stratix IV.  Turning now to 2009 we’ll obviously continue to take the top line on a quarter by quarter basis. For the full year however we expect to maintain gross margin in the range of 65% to 68% with a bias to the higher end in the first half.  Excluding any earnings neutral impact from NQDC 2009 operating expenses should be in the $545 million to $550 million range. Within that total SG&A is expected to be flat to down slightly at $254 million to $256 million and pretty much constant quarter by quarter.  R&D will rise to the $290 million to $295 million level as we complete our 65-nm families, launch our 40-nm devices and begin work on the 32-nm generation of products.  First half R&D will be slightly higher then second half. Completing our full year expectations at this point we see other income at $15 million to $20 million, taxes at 13% to 15% and diluted share count of approximately 300 million to 310 million.  For your convenience we have posted this guidance to our Investor Relations homepage. There you will find two pages; one containing these full year expectations and a second that provides more insight into the year-over-year operating expense dynamics. In summary we remain committed to investing for the future while simultaneously improving today’s underlying cost structure. That combination will continue to enable us to maximize growth, efficiency and shareholder value for 2009 and beyond. With that I’ll turn the call over to John.
John Daane: Thank you Timothy, the Q3 1% sequential decline was at the higher end of our forecast range with strong growth in military and automotive as expected, atypical summer wireless growth across 2G and 3G technologies and unexpected upside from the broad industrial account base.  This was offset by weaker then expected networking, telecom and computer business. More on the vertical market segments in a moment.  Overall I am very pleased with our focus on corporate efficiency and product cost continuing to deliver exceptional operating margin results.  Our new products now 46% of revenue grew 8% sequentially and 52% year-over-year as we continue to replace ASIC and ASSPs. Cyclone III was up 116%, Stratix III up 155%, Cyclone II up 8%, Stratix II and Stratix GX down 6%, MAX II up 7%, and HardCopy increased 8%. HardCopy benefited from new program ramps across a broad array of customers and markets. FPGAs were flat sequentially but up 20% year-over-year and now represent 75% of sales; an all time high. By vertical market for Q3 we had forecast industrial to be flat to down with weakness in the broad base of industrial accounts, for communications to seasonally decline, for computer to decline, and for consumer to grow. In Q3 computer declined 17% sequentially with both computer and storage down across a number of customers, mostly tied to inventory reduction and program transitions. Consumer decreased 1% with both broadcast and consumer down. Industrial grew 4% with military, automotive, and the broad industrial base up, medical flattish, and test and measurement down significantly. Communications was flat with strong growth in wireless and GSM, CDMA, wide band CDMA, and TDS CDMA, offsetting declines in networking and telecom.  Access was unexpectedly weak in Japan. As a final note on Q3 removing the TDS CDMA upside, wireless was still up.  I have said for the last few months that Altera has little exposure to the consumer market and if the slowdown stops there, we are well positioned. I have also said with the business tied more closely to corporate, government, and communications carrier CapEx spending, if the credit markets tighten and cause a change to capital plans, then our business could be impacted. We are witnessing unprecedented events in the worldwide credit markets, and are therefore taking a cautious view with our Q4 guidance. For Q4 we are forecasting a revenue range from up 1% to down 3%. Within each market in Q4 we expect computer to be flat and resume growth in 2009. Communications should decrease. We do not expect the TDS CDMA business to repeat at the Q3 levels leading wireless down.  Also networking should be down and telecom should decrease on access weakness across Japan and North America. Consumer should be flat with growth in broadcast offsetting a seasonal decline in the consumer product sector. Industrial should be flattish with growth in military and automotive, medical flat, and declines in both the test and broad industrial business, the latter following an unusually strong Q3. As a note our business thus far in the quarter is tracking within the forecasted range.  Market showdowns traditionally present an opportunity to accelerate replacement of ASIC and ASSPs. Systems companies tighten budgets and cancel ASIC designs and semiconductor companies rationalize their product portfolios and eliminate ASSP projects. System differentiation is still required and in the absence of ASIC and ASSPs PLDs become the product of choice.  It is here that our efforts to design new innovative silicon and software products pay off for Altera. Our Stratix IV product line is first to market in 40-nm, incorporates a unique architecture combining low power consumption with high performance and high density and has industry leadership in high speed transceivers.  To date Stratix IV has achieved record design engagements and device backlog. Our first 40-nm Stratix IV GX chip is in fact [taped] out on schedule and we expect to begin shipments this quarter. With leadership in low cost and high density PLDs we are well positioned to displace fixed function semiconductors and continue to gain market share. In summary our early focus on improving corporate efficiency and productivity while at the same time accelerating new product introduction to maximize the top line growth opportunity provides a combination that will continue to enhance shareholder value in the years to come.  We are now ready for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung - Citigroup
Glen Yeung – Citigroup: It sounds like you’re guiding for strength here in Q4 and also for the first half of [2008] and I was wondering if you could just give us some specific examples of what’s generating that kind of growth, be it mix or some other factors you are undertaking?
Timothy Morse: There are a number of components as we’ve talked about in the past for gross margin, first we always talk about market segment mix. It’s difficult to precisely pin that down four and five quarters out so that contributes a little bit to the range we’ve got out there for 2009.  But by and large we’ll continue to move with market segment mix but we also have quite a bit of work that continues to go on. Yes on the basic silicon material side, but also as we’ve previously discussed packaging, logistics, assembly and test.  It is noteworthy that we have not assumed any price downs on silicon material for the second half in this outlook. It’s just; we don’t have any visibility of that so we’d prefer to go a little more conservative that way.  I think that kind of shows what we’re doing I believe. 
Glen Yeung – Citigroup: When you reported the second quarter results, you had at that time suggested that potentially in Q4 you might see some growth and I wonder if you look out, obviously I recognize the world has changed, but when you look out, where specifically perhaps by end market have you seen changes?
John Daane: Two things I think that happened in Q3 changed the Q4 outlook, number one; we had guided that for Q3 we did not expect TDS CDMA to happen. It did, it pulled wireless up substantially in Q3 over Q2 and that is uncharacteristic. Typically we see in the third calendar quarter a summer slowdown broadly across communications.  We are pulling out TDS CDMA for this quarter; we don’t expect a repeat. Certainly not to the degree that we saw in Q3 and so that causes wireless to be down. Additionally in this environment we are seeing some carriers start to slow down CapEx deployments in the wire line access area and so we’ve pulled that down particularly for both North America and Japan. Secondly we also in Q3 saw a very strong uptick in the broad industrial base of accounts which is something that we had actually discounted and said would go the other way. So naturally since we had such an upside in Q3 we are expecting that to be down this quarter.  So you take the broad industrial account base down, you take communications down and those are the two big differences in the fourth calendar quarter that we’re expecting. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider - Goldman Sachs
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Could you share with us any insight from your customers, when you talk to them about 2009 spending levels at least directionally in the telecom and enterprise segments, what are they saying to you?
John Daane: Right now the Asian carriers are very bullish on OpEx spend. As an example if you look at just the three communications carriers that are in China, they’re talking about a $25 to $30 billion annual spend over the next three years for both telecom networking and wireless which is very substantial. And right now the strength I think in general in wireless in particular is for Asian deployments and Asia continues to talk about strength. I think in the short run we’re seeing either some pauses because build outs have already happened in places like Korea, North America or Europe or in some cases carriers in those countries being a little bit more conservative in the short run. But assuming that countries like India and China continue with their plans forward for build outs of their communications network, we would expect that communications business would be up for Altera next year. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: If you look at the mix of wireless versus wire line, especially on the telecom side in Q3 and looking into Q4, you mentioned strength in the wireless area, did you see any push outs of wire line into Q4 or was it mostly coming at the expense of wire line entirely?
John Daane: We saw push outs in the access area in particular, for instance around [Pon] systems as some of the deployments have slowed in that area. In the wireless side we saw strength across really all of the 2G and 3G types of technologies.  So wireless was actually up pretty strongly for us in the third calendar quarter, again in a quarter where it should have been down and that offset the weakness or the significant decreases that we saw in both the networking and the telecom area. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: When you think about your bank loan balance out there and the capital markets right now, how are you thinking about managing that going forward, drawing that down or do you feel like you want to do that aggressively to maintain your buyback program into 2009 or how are you thinking about managing that bank loan?
Timothy Morse: You’ll see out on the website on the 2009 key metrics page we’re assuming holding flat to this $500 million level of debt. We think that’s a prudent level. We still have some gas in the tank so to speak in terms of buybacks as you saw a little bit more than $40 million in the third quarter that happened over about a span of seven or eight weeks. So if you annualize that kind of rate, it’s pretty good and then even more so here in the last couple. So we’re still going to operate within our US cash constraints as we’ve previously talked about but there is some gas left in the tank there. We don’t see the need to get into additional liquidity sources. We feel pretty good. 
John Daane: Up market or down market, Altera has a very strong cash generation corporation and we’re continuing to generate US cash and do plan to opportunistically be in the market and continue to repurchase shares particularly when we feel the share prices get low and are depressed and presents a great opportunity for the company to retire shares. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS
Uche Orji – UBS: On R&D it looks like you are going to be running I’d say higher level, not just for the period when you’re pushing 40-nm, but also based on your 2009 guidance. Can you shed any more light as to why the level is going to be that elevated?
John Daane: What you will see from Altera and have seen historically is in years where we were doing a large number of new chips or new designs and prototyping designs, we have an elevated mask and wafer spend. So you’ve seen some oscillation in our R&D spending historically.  What you’re going to see from Altera in the year 2009 is not only a number of 40-nm Stratix IV tape outs, you will also see several other families from us as well that are yet unannounced. As such its going to be a heavier R&D spend year.
Timothy Morse: I’d also refer you to again to the IR website, go out there, the second page entitled “2008 to 2009 OpEx bridge” you can see right in the middle of that walk if you will from year to year, a column entitled R&D new product intros, that’s what John is referencing, the test chips, the prototypes, the development masks, etc. that are the kinds of things that will go up when you’re going into the teeth of a new product rollout and then flow the other way when you’re on the back of that rollout.  So you can see pretty clearly in three different buckets what’s driving us up. We’re doing a reasonably good job of matching off the underlying cost structure and we’re left with this again new product rollout related cost for R&D. 
John Daane: And as Timothy is guiding the R&D spend is a little bit heavier in the first half of the year so we obviously have a very large concentration of new product rollouts in that period of time. 
Uche Orji – UBS: Industrial seems to remain strong even as global GDP is slowing, what are the reasons why this remains resilient and if you can explain what led to the unexpected slowdown in Japan access and what you see going forward with that trend?
John Daane: Industrial it’s a broad category for us. If you walk through it we have been gaining market share within the military segment. That was up for us in the third calendar quarter. We would expect for it to be up again this quarter. Military is becoming a more significant portion of our business.
Uche Orji – UBS: How much is it for this quarter?
John Daane: It was 7% to 8% in Q2; it was 8% to 9% in Q3. So again it’s increasing quite substantially. That obviously helps. Automotive is a new sector for us but that is growing very quickly as we’re transitioning some of these programs from prototype to production so that growth helps.  Ultimately we also had very strong growth in the broad industrial account area. Two things are going on there, one is we haven’t seen as much of a slowdown there yet as one might expect. For instance I’d refer you to GE’s announcement they actually did very well in the industrial sector and said orders remain strong.  Number two, we are doing new prototype activities replacing ASIC and ASSPs continually and so even in a slowing environment one can still do well. Nevertheless because we are looking at the broad economic data that we can get our hands on, we are forecasting that going into this quarter that that broad industrial account base for us will soften and that’s one of the reasons that we are a little bit more conservative this quarter and are forecasting either slight growth to down 3%. 
Uche Orji – UBS: Of the cash you have, how much of that is US based and how much is offshore?
Timothy Morse: The vast majority of it remains offshore.
Uche Orji – UBS: So you can’t bring that back because of tax purposes?
Timothy Morse: It’s what’s called permanently invested offshore as we look at it, but you can bring it back, you just incur a 35% haircut. We do bring some of it back but we manage that within the overall scheme of our cash needs, our opportunities, and the minimum requirements we want to run here to in the US.
John Daane: The other thing is recognize that a large portion of our actual operating cash requirements are for, are offshore. If you think of our wafer purchases and assembly operations for instance, you also find that a bulk of our headcount is offshore at this point as well. We actually put a lot of that cash to work on a continuing basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Dryden - Charter Equity Research
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: On the IRS changed to 60 day repatriation versus 30, does that have any impact on your working capital or future share repurchase outlook for 4Q?
Timothy Morse: No, not necessarily. We weren’t planning on taking advantage of that, but you’re right. If certain world-ending scenarios around liquidity were to happen we certainly have that offshore cash that we could repatriate now in a much wider timeframe.  In fact I think it could be given where we are in this year and the fact that its 60 days of next year, it could be almost up to 90 days that we could bring that cash back but because it’s a temporary transitory thing, I think it would be a scenario backup plan. We wouldn’t make it part of the plan A.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: You’ve discussed some of the weakness in Japan but it actually outperformed sequentially, could you talk about the dynamics of what was positive in Japan and also for your outlook in 4Q in Japan?
John Daane: We’re not expecting Japan to have a strong fourth calendar quarter. Typically in Japan you’ll see a stronger calendar quarter Q1 because that is the end of year for corporations in Japan. And actually if you go back what you’ll see is we had a very significant decrease in the second calendar quarter sequentially for Japan so we’re seeing a little bit of a rebound. It was broad based but we had expected Japan to perform much better particularly in communications in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: In taking in all of your end market commentary, what would be sort of your rough idea/best guess for drivers and maybe some headwinds in terms of end markets for 2009?
John Daane: I think drivers positively for 2009 first of all are communications. As I mentioned the build out in Asia is very substantial and larger then we’ve seen in the past and I think that could give very significant growth particularly for PLDs as they’re transitioning from for instance in wireless, 2G to 3G and we have much higher dollar content in 3G systems then 2G systems. So we certainly see communications being able to grow again strongly next year. Military and automotive are two growth areas. I think military will grow in general for the PLD industry next year but most particularly for Altera because we’re continuing to capture market share and then automotive is another sector which is new for the PLD industry. We’re mainly in the in cabin electronics or infotainment systems. So even though the automotive sector is not doing well in general because the infotainment systems are now being integrated into the high end and even mid range platforms, it’s a new market. We’re finding growth there.  Computer has been a drag for us this year. We do think it has bottomed. We do expect growth. There’s a number of server designs where we’ve been designed into, particularly blade servers that should start growing for us in calendar Q1 as well as some storage programs and high end printers. So we expect that to grow. We’re also doing extremely well in the broad industrial base and I would think that will continue to grow for us very strongly. I think if you look back at industrial, it’s grown anywhere from probably 5% to 10% the broad base for us compound annual for over a long number of years and I would expect that to happen. In terms of headwinds it’s not obvious to me that I see a lot in the short run. Obviously if companies, governments and carriers start to cut back on CapEx that can have an impact on us for awhile. But over the long-term since we continue to replace ASIC and ASSPs, I would expect to be able to generate growth even in a stagnant market. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: You said you’re taking a bit of a conservative stance here which I think is prudent, but I think you’re guiding for higher turns business in Q4? Just wondering why you wouldn’t guide for lower turns business. 
John Daane: This quarter typically is a little bit more front end loaded in terms of the bookings and so we’re comfortable with the turns number. It’s actually well within the range of what we’ve seen over the last couple of years and in fact lower I think then what we’ve seen certainly if I were to say probably five out of the last eight quarters is a lower number then typically where we’ve operated. So we feel very comfortable with the number. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: What exactly is the plan for the offshore cash? I think you have the second highest net cash in semis, can we expect that cash balance to continue to build or is there any solution for this?
Timothy Morse: We’ve got a lot of uses for it operationally outside. There’s no doubt given the fact that we’re a strong cash generator and 75% plus of our business is offshore that is where the cash will pile up. We do continue to find ways to get it back on a tax efficient basis and find ways to generate more of it in the US and that’s frankly what’s fueling what we’ve done on the repurchase since finishing the 1.5 billion we committed to. So to an extent it’s an evolving story. It will continue to be an evolving story. We want to be prudent with that cash. We actually like the fact that there is a lot there and it provides a nice backstop and we are as I said, finding ways to put it to use both out there and back here as the situation arises. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: In terms of the gross margins coming back into your longer term target range, 65% second half 2009, can you just go into a little bit about the assumptions on that? Is that COGS related, 45-nm ramp etc.?
Timothy Morse: It’s a combination of things; we’re out fairly early with 2009 guidance so a lot can happen between now and the second half of 2009. We are calling the first half that we have better visibility on to be at the high end of the range and the second half I mentioned that we’re really not assuming any of the traditional silicon material price reductions that we typically have because again we just don’t have visibility there yet. There’s an awful lot in gross margin that we don’t control and that factor obviously looms larger the farther out in time you go. That said, we do feel very good about the near-term. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: You talked about Stratix IV is on engagement, record design engagements, is that talking about to date design engagements or have you seen an acceleration over the past quarter?
John Daane: We’re seeing an acceleration now that we have; we’re much closer to silicon so we put out the software a few quarters ago. We had hundreds of design engagements at that time but its now accelerating as we’re getting closer to chip delivery. And actually we are and have a record backlog for customer orders of devices right now.  We’re expecting that the Stratix IV ramp will be stronger then any other FPGA family that we’ve ever had and again we’re right now really doing extremely well in the marketplace. New markets for us that I didn’t mention earlier, we’ve never really participated in the prototyping market as a company because we’ve not been necessarily the first out with high end high density FPGAs.  This is the first time where we clearly have that leadership so its opening up a lot of new prototype applications for us plus with our transceiver advantage, our power advantage and the performance advantage, clearly in the marketplace we’re taking a lot more market share and participating in a lot more designs then we would have in the past and its also opened up a larger portion of the ASIC and ASSP industries for us to play in. So the engagement potential is much higher. So this product, we had very high expectations for and right now it’s beating our expectations.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Timothy mentioned termination of some manufacturers’ reps, is that kind of just one-offs or are you taking more business direct?
John Daane: We have over a large number of years made continual improvements to the company in a lot of different facets. One of the things that we started probably going back into 2001 is to develop a hybrid structure, go direct with the large accounts and then continue to use either manufacturing reps or distributors or both for the smaller customers or the broad customer base.  This is just more of a continued build out where we’re taking some of the larger customers direct. We feel that it does give us long-term advantage in that we develop direct relationships with the end customers. From a sales perspective most of these accounts we’re already covering direct from FAEs. Additionally in these cases it also results in a cost savings for the company which we think is a good long-term benefit as well. 
Timothy Morse: It certainly just doesn’t make sense to pay for the same sales dollar multiple times. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray
Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray: What is your headcount at the end of the third quarter and what does your 2009 assumption imply?
Timothy Morse: If you look in the press release, number of employees 2730. We’re not out there with a specific headcount number for next year. I think we will [inaudible] to grow in certain geographies like our Penang facility where we’ve just put in a new building and we’ll continue to maintain in other geographies. In general the long-term trend is to keep SG&A headcount relatively flattish over these last few years whereas the growth has been on the R&D side as we invest for the future. 
Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray: What sort of revenue decline would have to take place in 2009 assuming worst case scenario with the economic backdrop, what would it take for you to lower your OpEx guidance for 2009 or break through the lower end of the guidance you put forth tonight?
Timothy Morse: I think it’s safe to say that we’ll continue to be proactive about our cost structure in any environment. Cost planning isn’t just an event, it’s an ongoing living process so we’ll continue to take advantage of opportunities we see and respond to the evolving external dynamics. I couldn’t really tell you at what point something bigger is triggered but I think you’ve seen us pretty consistently now over a couple of years and with this guidance bring the right parts of the cost structure down while still investing in what we believe will grow the business.  I would anticipate seeing more of that for us but I really couldn’t tell you what the specific trigger points are or how long they’d have to last before we did something where all bets were off. 
John Daane: One thing that Timothy has pointed out is we do disconnect the budget cycle from the actual revenue growth of the company. So if you look over the last few years this year where you’ve seen strong revenue growth, our SG&A spending is actually down on a dollars term year-over-year so we’ve been for several years working on improving our efficiency and cost structure even in years where there’s strong growth. So I think if you look at high tech companies, we’re doing the right things year in, year out. Number two, on an R&D side, we do plan to go forward with a lot of that R&D spending no matter what happens in the industry because these are really good products and this is an opportunity for us to take a lot more market share from ASIC and ASSPs and accelerate our future top line growth and I’d hate for us to say let’s just try to optimize earnings for one year if we saw a slowdown and then sacrifice our future ability to grow for the next few years after that because we made a short-term decision.  So there are things we could do and we’ll just have to take it sort of one step at a time but right now I’d say the R&D spending, we do plan to go forward with and again from a cost structure we work on that day in and day out anyway and will continue to do that throughout next year. 
Timothy Morse: In 2007 versus 2006 you’ll recall our total cost structure was down 3% which was up 6% in R&D and down 11% in SG&A. this year likewise excluding NQDC especially we’ll be down 3% which is about flat in R&D and minus 6% in SG&A and we’re guiding to flat to down again a bit in SG&A for next year and again a little bit of a rise in R&D as we get into the teeth of these rollouts. 
John Daane: And as Timothy has pointed out several times is the OpEx numbers are actually lower then the actual spend was for 2006. So even though you’re seeing R&D tick up we are spending less today then we did in 2006.
Timothy Morse: In 2006 it was $557 in total OpEx even if you excluded the NQDC charge in there; it was $551 so we’re coming in under that level. 
Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray: I assume the fourth quarter is very much front end loaded hence that might be one reason that you’re confident in giving the guidance you’re putting out, assuming that 60% turns business, is that a fair statement?
John Daane: It is a little bit more front end loaded because of the holiday seasons that you see that basically cover two of our four geographies. So you will typically see us stronger October, November, little weaker towards the tail half of the December period of time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu – Global Crown Capital
David Wu – Global Crown Capital: Your supplier is having significantly lower utilization rates in Q4 and probably in Q1, and I was wondering why would the silicon cost not go down in the second half of calendar 2009 given their lack of MAX capacity utilization rate? Is that due to 40-nm being tight through most of calendar 2009 or is it due to something else? I was wondering if I weren’t in a financial community and I listened to this call, I would say that gee, it seems to be that I’d be surprised if, what would surprise you to not to grow your revenue on a year to year basis in calendar 2009?
John Daane: I think as Timothy outlined there are two things within that, number one is our margins are mix dependant based on end vertical markets. So no knowing exactly what the mix is going to be four or five quarters from now makes it very difficult for us to pin gross margins down to a tenth or a hundredth. So we’re giving out a range. We do know that margins are good right now. We can kind of tell where pricing and costs are going in the next several quarters which is why Timothy guides to margins being at the higher end of the range in the first half.  You’ve also heard that from some of the silicon suppliers that they are either firming or raising prices so what we’ve built into this is an assumption that our pricing structure for silicon products will not decrease in the second half of the year and so if those things were to change, so in other words if we were to see an ability to get price reductions in the second half of the year, certainly that would be an opportunity for Altera to achieve higher gross margins.  We’ll just have to wait and see. At this point we’re comfortable with the range that we’ve provided. We’re not comfortable necessarily going out and saying anything differently. It does not have anything to do with 40-nm or products. This is just purely a combination of the cost reductions that we know and have baked in and a combination of the visibility or lack that we have thereof in the vertical markets.  In terms of growth next year if we were to see a dramatic pull back in terms of capital spend at corporations and communications carriers that would naturally have a very large impact on us and I’ve said that for months, and you look at the mix of business that we have, I think that’s very true.  The benefits that we do have going for us going into next year is one, we do have a strong product cycle and a lot of design wins in areas like automotive, military, computer which should ramp for us and even if those markets are soft its all new business for us.  And then additionally in communications most of the growth projected next year is in Asia and that is a little bit independent of what we see in terms of North American or European carriers or even banking issues since to a large degree their governments will be footing the bill for those spends.  So at this point communications looks good for 2009, military looks good, automotive looks good, computer looks good and we’ll just have to take it a quarter at a time though and see how the world economy develops. 
David Wu – Global Crown Capital: Is automotive in the low single-digits in terms of percentage of revenue contribution at this point?
John Daane: Yes it is, it’s a small area for PLDs. It’s a small segment for Altera but it is one of the faster growing segments and so given a couple of years I think will become very meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: You’ve mentioned that you’ve never really had access to that high end prototype market and it looks like you have a chance at 40-nm, could you talk about the revenue opportunity or the size of that now that you have access to and how quick do you see 40-nm ramping up over the next year say as a percent of revenue?
John Daane: I can’t provide you today a revenue forecast for the product; we do expect it to ramp faster then any of the prior FPGA series that we’ve seen. We’ll provide you some starting numbers and guidance as we start to ship revenue this quarter and next quarter in order to give you an idea of what the ramp may be. In terms of the prototype area, it actually is very large. Almost everybody whether it’s a systems company or a semiconductor company will do prototyping on an FPGA or on a board of FPGAs prior to committing to their final ASSP design or final ASIC design.  Even those customers who have no intention of ever staying in a PLD for production do you use PLDs for prototyping. Those opportunities are large because those customers tend to pay closer to list price since there’s no follow on production so the margins are very high and of course at list price you can also generate very high revenue on what is a small quantity of devices.  It’s a market that we’ve really never participated. I’d bet today that we probably have 10% market share if that. I would bet its well over $100 million, maybe somewhere in that range and this opens up an opportunity for Altera to come in and take advantage of that. Really what the customers look for is the highest density device because if you’re having to prototype in two chips it makes it a little bit more complex to take your design and partition it into two chips then it would be to just implement it in one FPGA. And since our product at this point will have two [X the] density of any competing FPGA family I would expect us to be able to easily move in and start taking a lot of share in that space. 
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: Have you seen any end customers or distributors have problems with access to credit or have you seen any cancellations in just these last couple of weeks? 
John Daane: In terms of access to credit, AT&T announced that they were having some challenges in the commercial paper market. But we’ve really had no report out of either distributors or customers that in the short-term they’re having trouble getting access to credit.  In many cases if that were to start I think the distributors themselves have a wonderful opportunity to potentially charge more money to provide some of that service to provide that credit to customers as well as an opportunity to perhaps gain market share by offering that credit. So nothing in the short run.  In terms of end businesses we did see test and measurement was down last quarter quite significantly. We did say that the access business was weak, networking was weak, those were sectors where we did see some push outs. 
Randy Abrams – Credit Suisse: On the [PON] which is slowing down, is that purely macro? You’ve had a lot of market share early on, is it just the natural progression where there’s now two players in the market or do you think that’s economic related and slows down as long as the macro’s a bit slower?
John Daane: Its not a market share one, its more of a slowdown of the ramps of some of the deployments on worldwide basis from what we were being told earlier both by the systems companies as well as the carriers themselves. That then causes an inventory challenge where they had bought or procured to a higher level so you run into a period of time where they slow down to bleed off the inventory and in Q3 and early Q4 we’ll be in that inventory bleed off area for PON. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda – Deutsche Bank
Arnab Chanda – Deutsche Bank: The benefit from going from reps and distributors to direct does that come to the gross margin or the SG&A and how much more of that do you think will occur?
Timothy Morse: It goes to SG&A and I don’t know how much more of it will occur. We like our lineup as it is today but we’ll continue to see places where if it turns out we’re paying double for the same sales dollar, we have to look at the growth prospects and decide how to go in a more streamlined fashion.  I can’t tell you we have, or that I’ve heard, any specific plans but this is an evolving state. 
John Daane: We have reps, we have stocking distributors, we have distributors. Depending on the geography, depending on the customer base there, we will either have one, two or all three of those. So as a mix, you should expect Altera to call on the bigger accounts. It is more cost effective. We will therefore have the relationship with the end customer. It’s been our strategy for many, many years. You’ll continue to see that from us going forward and then for the broader account base, we will use reps, we will use distributors and we will use stocking reps. The combination will just depend on the particular geography. 
Arnab Chanda – Deutsche Bank: One question about your bookings and your turns expectations, if you look at it right now what kind of visibility to you have in terms of weeks and how is it relative to the past because it seems like there’s been some volatility in booking patterns and here at the end of the quarter or the beginning of Q3, Q4 for some companies so I’m curious as to how your visibility has changed and how that changes your turns expectations?
Timothy Morse: It’s really no different. I don’t see anything different in the booking patterns or the underlying backlog that’s a signal to me that anything, there’s a sea change that’s going on here. 
John Daane: I think at a high level the turns we’re forecasting for this quarter is actually consistent with what we saw most of last year, or fairly close to even what we did in Q4. What you have to recognize as a company is that a lot of our major accounts are on a pull system which means that they literally will place a PO and we will ship the product in the same day and so therefore you carry no backlog for most of your larger accounts.  And so as such you’ve seen the turns number increase over the many years and so we operate off of forecasts that we judge ourselves and information for the broad base that we receive from our distributors that we take a look at and those are the two factors that we use. But you should expect Altera to always be in an environment where we’re saying that we’re going to turn low 60s to high 50s percent of our business or need to turn that for any given quarter.  Those are the numbers that we always operate at and again it’s because many of our larger customers are on a demand pull process. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Tim Luke – Barclays Capital
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: I wonder if you could comment at all on the seasonality through the year next year or any products ramps or cycles that you see that would shape the revenue growth through the year.
John Daane: Typically what we’ve seen in the past is that our calendar quarter Q3 is the softest. It’s because of the summer holidays that we see in Japan, Europe and North America in particular it’s always weaker in communications which contributes to that. Communications being just about 40% of our business. Other then that we really don’t see any seasonality for which based on the verticals that we see playing into the business and so I can’t really give you any guidance other then Q3 is a little bit weaker then the other quarters. 
Tim Luke – Barclays Capital: HardCopy, it sounds like you had a good quarter and you said you had some new product ramps there, what percentage of sales you might see that reaching next year?
John Daane: We said I think it was Q3, Q4 of last year I said that HardCopy would be weak through the first half and then would start to see growth in the second half of this year. We were going through some program transitions with the original HardCopy product ramping down and a lot of the new programs ramping up and that clearly impacted our revenues in Q1 and Q2 as we were going through those transitions.  With many of those transitions now done, you’re seeing HardCopy’s growth resume. We’re getting a lot of prototyping activity, a lot of it replacing ASIC designs so this is an environment where if we just had a PLD we might have participated in the prototyping but we would not have participated in the production and we’re also getting a lot of repeat designs from major customers. So the backlog is building, the business is building, its very broad based at this point across market segments and customers. We would expect that to continue to build this year and next. Currently it’s about 3% to 4% of revenues. I would expect it to get hopefully north of 5% next year. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
John Daane: A few other announcements before we sign off today, during the fourth quarter we will attend the NASDAQ OMX investor program, December 3, in London and on December 9, we’ll be in San Francisco at the Barclays Capital 2008 Global Technology Conference. With that, this concludes Altera’s conference call. Thank you for your participation and interest.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-15 16:45:00) =====
Executives: R. Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Glen Yeung - Citigroup Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank James Covello - Goldman Sachs Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America David Wong - Wachovia Uche Orji - UBS Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James John Barton - Cowen & Company Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus  John Lau - Jefferies & Company Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s conference, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thank you and welcome everyone to Intel's Q2 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini and Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be posted to our website at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time and will remain there for approximately two months.  As usual, Paul will be discussing the highlights and progress of the quarter and Stacy will then provide details of our financial performance in Q2 as well as the outlook for both the third quarter and full year 2008. Following Stacy’s comments, we’ll be happy to take questions.  A few important items before we begin; first, the press release of our earnings went out at approximately 1:15 Pacific Time and is now posted on our investor website, intc.com, along with updated financial statements for anyone who still needs access to that information.  Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will put the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our investor website.  As we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul. 
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. Our second quarter results were very positive on a number of fronts. First, revenue for the quarter was a record, the fourth quarter in a row that we achieved such a result. Demand for our leading edge computing products around the world continues to be strong, with revenue and unit shipments toward the high end of the seasonal norm, when factoring in the divestiture of the NOR business. We realized record unit shipments in mobile microprocessors, chipsets and wireless communication units in the second quarter. Our focus on lowering costs and improving efficiency continues to provide considerable operating leverage, with operating income growing 67% from a year ago.  For the second quarter in a row, we bought back $2.5 billion worth of stock, returning cash to our stockholders.  Our 45-nanometer manufacturing process is performing superbly. We remain on track to ship over 100 million units before the end of the year on this process technology. At this stage of our process ramp, yields and throughput times are better then at the same time on our 65-nanometer ramp. These results are lowering unit costs ahead of our original plans and are providing us with increased flexibility in meeting diverse customer requirements.  We will reach the 45-nanometer shipment crossover point for microprocessors during this, the third quarter.  Now let me briefly discuss a few product highlights. In servers we had record channel shipments. This demonstrates the demand for our products coming from small and medium businesses around the world continues to be healthy. We also enjoyed some noteworthy design wins at both Cray and DreamWorks, reflecting that our current and future product roadmaps are delivering the performance that meets the most demanding customer requirements.  In mobile, we enjoyed very strong unit growth, both sequentially and year over year. As notebook computers continue to decline in price, we see demand growing in response. We saw notebook unit shipments cross over desktop in the overall client PC category in the second quarter. That’s sooner than we had expected.  We launched our new Atom processor during the second quarter and are exceeding our ramp targets as demand for this new product is very robust. We expect unit shipments of Atom processors to grow sharply in the second half.  In summary, we were very pleased with our second quarter results. The strategic direction we laid out two years ago at our investor meeting coupled with our restructuring efforts are coming together and yielding tangible results that we committed to our stockholders. Our product line is superbly positioned. Our new growth initiatives are ramping and showing promise, and our manufacturing execution is outstanding.  In the third quarter we plan to bring exciting new products to market, such as our new Centrino 2 platform launched just yesterday, as well as Dunnington, our six-core server processor targeted at high-end server workloads scheduled to launch later this quarter.  These are the kinds of innovations that create real differentiation for our customers and allow us to maintain product leadership.  A final word on the economic environment; we are very aware of the global economic issues that dominate the financial markets these days. We are watching these very carefully. In the first-half of 2008, we saw order patterns play out as anticipated at the beginning of the year. Inventories remain at healthy levels and our global footprint is helping us benefit from demand for internet computing. As we look into the third quarter, we see continued healthy demand for our products leading us to the third quarter outlook that we provided.  Let me now turn this call over to Stacy. 
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. Intel delivered strong financial results in the second quarter. Better-than-expected demand in the microprocessor and chipset businesses led to record second quarter revenue of $9.5 billion. Compared to the second quarter of 2007, revenue grew 9%, with gross margin up more than eight points. Operating profit was up 67% year over year and operating income as a percentage of revenue was up eight points year over year to 24%.  Revenue for the second quarter was above the midpoint of the range forecasted in April and down 2% from the first quarter. Excluding the revenue associated with the NOR business, revenue was flat to the first quarter at the high-end of the seasonal range. Microprocessor unit sales were above the seasonal pattern and average selling prices were lower.  More than half of total revenue, $5.4 billion, came from the Digital Enterprise Group. Revenue from this group was flat compared to the first quarter and up 11% from the prior year. Microprocessor revenue in the Digital Enterprise Group showed particular strength, with revenue up 14% from the second quarter of 2007. The Mobility Group accounted for more than a third of total revenue. This revenue of $3.8 billion was up 3% from the first quarter and up 15% from the prior year.  Looking at a geographical breakout, all geographies experienced year-over-year growth in the second quarter. After adjusting for the impact of the NOR Flash divesture and supply agreement with Numonyx, all geographies performed a little better than average seasonality.  Gross margin dollars were $5.2 billion, flat compared to the first quarter.  Gross margin percentage of 55.4% was up over one-and-a-half points from the first quarter and up over eight points from the second quarter of 2007. Versus the midpoint of the outlook range set in April, second quarter gross margin was down half-a-point. A little less than a point decline came from average selling prices being lower, primarily due to the growth in shipments and the lower-priced segments of the notebook market.  R&D and MG&A were approximately $2.9 billion, within the forecasted range of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion and up 3% from the first quarter. In addition, we had restructuring and asset impairment charges of $96 million, which was lower than the outlook that we provided of approximately $250 million as an assessment of capacity resulted in less restructuring and asset impairment charges.  The number of employees is down by 2,700 from the first quarter to below 82,000, primarily due to employees transferred to Numonyx. As we complete the second year of the restructuring program announced in 2006, the number of employees is down more than 20,000 from the second quarter of 2006.  Gains, losses on equity investments, and interest and other income of $58 million was lower than our outlook of $75 million and lower than the first quarter of $109 million. Relative to the first quarter, improvements in the trading asset portfolio were offset by lower interest income and impairments of marketable equity securities.  The provision for taxes in the second quarter was at a 31% effective tax rate, lower than the 33% previously forecasted due to tax settlements.  On the balance sheet, total inventories were flat to the first quarter at $3.3 billion.  Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ended the quarter at $11.5 billion, $1.7 billion less than the first quarter.  Cash flow from operations was over $2.5 billion.  Capital spending was $1.2 billion, dividend payments were $800 million, and stock repurchases were $2.5 billion.  As we turn now to the outlook for the third quarter, please keep in mind, unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effects of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after July 14th.  I will use the midpoint of the forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue to be between $10 billion and $10.6 billion. The midpoint of this range would be an increase of 9% from the second quarter. On a year-to-year basis, the outlook anticipates revenue growth of 2%. Excluding the decline in NOR revenue, the growth would be approximately 6% year over year. Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the third quarter is 58%, plus or minus a couple of points, 2.5 points higher than the second quarter as microprocessor unit volume increases in the seasonally up third quarter and as unit costs decline on 45-nanometer products.  Looking beyond the third quarter as volume increases and costs decline, we expect gross margin to improve further in the fourth quarter.  Spending for R&D and MG&A in the third quarter should be approximately $2.9 billion.  Additionally, in a separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $60 million.  Depreciation is forecasted to be approximately $1.1 billion.  Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest and other income is a net loss of $30 million.  We maintain the midpoint of our outlook for gross margin for the full year at 57% and have narrowed the outlook range to plus or minus a couple of points.  Spending for R&D and MG&A for the full year is now forecasted to be approximately $11.7 billion. R&D spending is forecasted to be approximately $6 billion, flat to the prior forecast, and MG&A spending is forecasted to be approximately $5.7 billion, up $200 million from the prior forecast, primarily due to legal and profit dependent expenses.  The tax rate for each of the remaining quarters in the year is expected to be 33%, unchanged from our prior outlook.  Second quarter revenue growth of 9% and operating profit growth of 67% year over year marks the end of a strong first-half. As we look into the second-half of the year, we are planning for growth and improving financial results, driven by our product leadership, the ramp of the Atom processor, the build-out of three 45-nanometer high volume factories, declining unit costs, and the impact of our restructuring program. With that, let me turn it back to Kevin for Q&A.
R. Kevin Sellers: Okay, thanks, Stacy and Paul. Before we begin our Q&A segment, I want to remind the financial community of our upcoming Intel developer forum taking place on August 19th through the 21st in San Francisco.  There will be seven keynotes during the forum, covering a wide range of technology trends and Intel product plans from the digital enterprise to mobility to software. We will also hold a number of briefings for investors and analysts as well. For registration and other information, please go to intel.com/idf.  We will now be happy to take your questions. In order to allow more of you to participate on this call, we will limit each person to one question and one follow-up, if you have one. The operator will introduce you and -- will introduce each of you and prompt your question. I will then ask if you have a follow-up. The operator will then introduce the next questioner. We’re now ready for our first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mr. John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Guys, just quickly on gross margins for the June quarter being below midpoint, you are kind of pointing to the low-end notebook market. Was that all Atom driven or were you still selling some Celeron to that market? And if it was all Atom, how do we get comfortable about gross margin progression in September as Atom ramps and becomes an even bigger percentage of the overall mix? 
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, it was not Atom. Atom launched in the second quarter but the units shipped on Atom were pretty small in the second quarter. We expect it to ramp rapidly into the second-half of the year. It was what I would call the traditional notebook market, as Paul said, as that is now more than 50% of the market we’re seeing a lot of unit growth in emerging markets. We’re seeing growth in channels such as the retail channels. That growth is good for us but it tends to be at a lower price point. So you are seeing TAM expansion at some of these lower price points and that brought the average price down in the second quarter from what we expected.
R. Kevin Sellers: John, do you have something else?
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes, just real quick, guys -- just given the buy-backs through the first-half of the year, what can we expect in the back-half? You guys are going at a pretty significant clip relative to what you did in 2006 and 2007. What’s the philosophy there?
Stacy J. Smith: I had said back in Q1 that the cash balance was a little higher than we were targeting. We brought down the cash balance by about $3 billion over the course of the first-half and we’ve done about - we’ve done $5 billion worth of buy-backs between Q1 and Q2. Cash balance is getting more into the range of what I'm targeting. At this point, I'm not going to give a buy-back forecast, nor am I going to give a cash forecast for Q3.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, John. Next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks so much. Stacy, just in guiding a fairly solid revenue outlook in the 10 to 10.6, could you give us some framework for how you perceive the desktop area to be proceeding? Again, it sounds like you are expecting a fairly robust notebook and perhaps even, as on the lower-end notebook forecast, could you give us some color on desktop, notebook, server?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, I guess I would point back to what we’ve seen so far in the first-half. We really have seen demand holding up across the different segments of the computing-related business, with particular strength in the notebook growth that we spoke about at some of these price points.  And then in the server market, I think the strength of our product line really benefited us in Q1. Q2 tends to be a seasonally lower quarter for servers but I would expect that to also be strong as we get into the second-half.  I think underlying your question is demand. We saw demand pretty normal through the second quarter across the segments of our business and across the different geographies.
R. Kevin Sellers: Tim, do you have a follow-up?
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just as a follow-up, obviously you are holding the gross margin for the full year guidance and guiding it up fairly meaningfully in the third quarter to the 58% range. Could you just provide a little bit more color on what gets you there, given the strength you are seeing in the lower end notebook segment and the mix there? Thanks. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. It’s a -- it’s a pretty simple margin reconciliation going from Q2 to Q3. There are two elements that are worth roughly the same amount of gross margin improvement. We see our costs improve quarter on quarter pretty dramatically as we go from Q2 to Q3, and then we see volume in the CPU segment up seasonally, and those two things get you to 58%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. A question about the outlook for revenues; it’s good in Q2. You’re guiding strongly in Q3. To what extent is your confidence being helped by share gain and/or the Montevina launch? Does that give you some confidence in how you look at Q3?
Paul S. Otellini: Glen, I think it’s a combination of things. You know, what we’ve seen from our customers is -- I think the overarching comment is on the notebook market accelerating around the globe at multiple price points. We also expect and we’ll see more of Atom-based notebooks in the third and fourth quarters, and that is why we’ll continue to -- we will break those numbers out for you in our commentary so that you can draw some trend lines around those. But in general we were able to cover the shipment shortfall on Montevina in Q2 with Santa Rosa. We replaced all that volume so our customers were able to keep on shipping, and now Montevina is ramping very rapidly in the consumer segments that were launched today or yesterday. I won’t comment on share gain but -- you know, we’ll let the numbers speak for themselves when they all come out but it has to be pretty clear that with the kind of mobile volumes we had in the second quarter that we did pretty well.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Glen, you had something as a follow-up? 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Yeah, I guess maybe just going on from that response, you talked about the low-end of the notebook market sort of taking some mix in Q2, but now you’ve got Montevina coming forward for you in Q3. Does that sort of stem the shift towards low-end or do you think it’s really more a function of emerging markets versus Western markets?
Paul S. Otellini: I think it’s a bunch of things and a lot of this is dependent on the economy. You know, the prime purchaser of notebooks still remains as a segment business, large enterprise, and they tend to buy relatively high-end notebooks and Montevina will start shipping into that segment later this quarter when we launch the Centrino 2 Pro product line. So that is one that we’ve got fairly -- we’re fairly bullish about for the second half as that ramps and replaces the pre-existing SKUs that are out there.  But in general, I think what we are seeing is just a fundamental shift to notebooks. We’ve been seeing it for years and you know, the crossover happened six months sooner than we thought. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Glen, thanks. We’ll take our next questioner.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Excuse me, I have a bit of a cold here, but you talked about the pricing on the notebook side of the market. Can you tell a little bit about what’s going on in pricing in desktops and servers, please?
Paul S. Otellini: Sure. We aren’t going to give you any ASP granularity in each of those areas but in servers, we had a very strong Q1 in MP and in Q2, DP was a bit more -- a bit heavier, so that tends to drive the mix a little bit to the lower priced numbers. I would expect MP to pick up in the second-half of the year, as is traditional. The fourth quarter is normally the big server quarter but as you can tell, we are being a little bit cautious about that given the overall economic environment. In terms of desktop, there’s two trends. There’s a continuing trend in emerging markets of lower-priced desktops but there is also a trend for refresh rates in corporate around our vPro product line, which have above average selling prices, so the combination of the two has kept the desktop pricing on average relatively constant.
R. Kevin Sellers: Ross, you had something else?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, just really quick on the ESO line -- it seems like year over year, your headcount is down a lot but the stock comp expense keeps going up. Can you give us a little bit of the background as to why that would happen and what your expectations are for that line going forward?
Stacy J. Smith: I think as we run the model -- I’d actually have to go back and double-check this, Ross, but I think it’s as we run the model, as volatility goes up a bit, the stock option expense goes up a bit. You’re right -- we have quite a few fewer employees and we have not expanded the stock option program in terms of number of options granted per employee, so I think it’s just the volatility.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Ross. We’ll take our next questioner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. James Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much. First question; Paul, last quarter you gave us a little bit of color about the NAND business and your thoughts around either fixing it or -- fixing it one way or the other. I wonder if you could update us on where we are there?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I won’t give you a lot more color than I gave you last quarter, James, but we are taking some actions to limit the amount of supply growth in this environment. As you know, the NAND pricing continues to still be very weak, so we’re focusing on supply and on costs. At the same time, we are focused on trying to get a better pricing environment for our products by shifting some of it to more innovative stacking products into SoCs. At the same time we’re doing that, we’re still looking for longer term solutions. I have not wavered in my commitment to have this business not be a long-term drag on our P&L.
R. Kevin Sellers: Jim, you had something else?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Yeah, if I could just follow-up; on the DreamWorks win, could you just help us understand in the competitive situation there, was that your products versus AMD’s old products before they introduced say the new Barcelona chip, or was that decision made before AMD was able to ramp the new chip?
Paul S. Otellini: It was based upon our roadmap going forward versus their assessment of competitive roadmaps going forward. They don’t make a one -- they don’t make a one-quarter or even a one-year decision because the tremendous amount of the effort here is involved in software optimization, and the software optimization around Intel is relatively unique versus other vendors’ products.  So I consider this a multi-year win; it’s a multi-year framework that binds it together. It’s software and hardware and it is I think reflective of the very competitive roadmap we have, not just in servers but also in workstations as Larrabee comes on.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Terrific. Thank you so much. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Jim. Next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda. Please proceed. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America:  Yes, hi. First question for Stacy; Stacy, you noted that part of the -- call it the small miss on gross margins was because of one point incremental drag from lower ASPs. Was that incremental to your expectations? Because my recollection is a couple of one-timers were disappearing your inventory reserves on chipsets, NOR flash was obviously contributing to better margins and you did have a better unit cost structure into the quarter, so I was just curious about that.
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, it was slightly less than a point and it was to the outlook that I set. If you look at this from a quarter-on-quarter basis, with the exception of the ASP, we got the good news from the two areas I was expecting. We had articulated we have some good news as we had chipsets that qualified for sale in the quarter and we were shipping them in the second quarter, so we got good news there. And we got good news from the NOR divestiture. The piece that was unexpected to the outlook was being a little bit down in ASP.
R. Kevin Sellers: Sumit, any follow-up?
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America:  I just have one, a separate follow-up. On Atom, you know, there’s been talk about constraints with respect to supplying the existing demand. Could you update us on what your sense is versus market expectations on your supply? And is that constraining your outlook for Q3 in any way, shape or form? 
Paul S. Otellini: The short answer is no, it’s not constraining our outlook for Q3. It is well within the bounds of the 10 to 10.6 that we gave you. We have been increasing our production, planned production of Atom for this year and next every 40 days since the beginning of --actually, since last November as demand continues to roll up, and not just in NetBook segments but also in embedded and consumer electronics segments. It looks like the design wins are really quite robust.  And so we continue to add more and more zeroes to the numbers we are building for this year and next year. I don’t expect it to be any kind of limiter for revenue growth this year at all.
Stacy J. Smith: Sumit, if I can just add on that -- the supply constraints we’re seeing with Atom are specifically the back-end, the test constraints and things. We have plenty of die and as Paul said, it’s well contained inside the revenue guidance we gave. But as demand is going up kind of month by month, we’re jumping to keep enough test capacity in place for the demand we see.
Paul S. Otellini: And then the other part of that, Sumit, is to make sure we have enough chipsets. I mean, at the same time the Atom processor growth is jumping up, we have to also be able to build a chipset for each of those, which is one of the reasons you saw our factory utilization assessment go up over time in this quarter, rather than down.
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Sumit. Next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. David Wong with Wachovia. Please proceed.
David Wong - Wachovia:  Thank you very much. Following up from the earlier question, as the Atom ramps in volume over the next two quarters, presumably primarily for notebooks, is the Atom below gross -- is the Atom gross margin below, above, or roughly equal to overall corporate gross margin?
Stacy J. Smith: Just to make sure it’s clear, I think it is, but to make sure it’s clear; the ramp of Atom’s encompassed in a 58% gross margin in Q3 and what I expect to be a higher gross margin in Q4. My view of Atom hasn’t changed from what I showed at the analyst meeting. If you’ll recall, I was showing the Atom platform -- I used end of 2009 as the comparison point because at that point, we had ramped Atom volume, we had ramped quad-core volume to be a fairly significant percent of the total, and what I showed you at the time was inclusive of the chipset, so the CPU plus the chipset. I expected the Atom platform to be about 10 product margin points lower than the mainstream of the product line, which was dual-core, and quad-core to be about 10 product margin points higher than that. So my view hasn’t changed and I’ll update that again in Q1 next year when we have the investor meeting.
R. Kevin Sellers: David, do you have anything else?
David Wong - Wachovia:  Great, yeah, one other thing -- did the MP server processors, and specifically Tigerton, processor shipments grow sequentially in June?
Paul S. Otellini: I don’t think I want to give you that granularity. The Tigerton -- it probably did, I don’t have the number at the tip of my fingers but given that it was -- it’s a relatively new product, it continues to ramp. What I was talking about earlier was the mix between MP and DP and that was encompassing both old and new products.
David Wong - Wachovia:  Great, thanks.
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, David. Next question, please.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS New York. Please proceed.
Uche Orji - UBS:  Yes, thank you very much. Paul, just a quick question on Atom -- what is the relative gross margin of Atom versus Celeron? And as we ramp this product in the second-half, do you see this possibly replacing the low-end Celeron products in notebooks? And if so, what will the impact be on the net gross margins?
Paul S. Otellini: Let me answer the second part of that and I’ll throw it back to Stacy for the first part, which I think he’s already answered but he can try it again. At this point in time, we do not see it replacing Celeron. If you look at the products that are being built, the NetBook products that are being built around Atom, they are all lower priced, lower features, smaller screen size notebooks aimed at first-time buyers or the second, third or fourth machine in a household and I don’t see it cannibalizing, at least in terms of current sales out, and I think we really have hit on a new product category here. Over time, we’re still sorting out the brand activity in our mainstream notebooks. It is clearly Centrino and Core is where the thrust is going to be, and we’re trying to -- we will sort out and ultimately talk about where Pentium-based notebooks and Celeron-based notebooks live as these categories sort themselves out. But I think it’s premature to say that, except that we don’t see any cannibalization.
Stacy J. Smith: Uche, unfortunately I’m not going to go into any more granularity than I did at the last analyst meeting. We expect this to be a very healthy product margin product. What we are seeing today is demand that’s exceeding our expectations and it’s kind of all in to my gross margin forecast for the year and for Q3.
R. Kevin Sellers: Uche, do you have anything else?
Uche Orji - UBS:  Yes, I do actually and let me just circle back a little bit to Montevina. We saw a slight push-out. Obviously that doesn’t -- shouldn’t have impacted this quarter but is it possible, however, that in terms of the back-to-school build, that we may have missed, you may have missed some business as a consequence from Montevina? And is that that something you would hope to recapture in Q3, hence the gross margin impact that we see remaining strong?  I mean, I just wanted to first of all understand, and maybe you can also help us fully understand what really happened with that push-out? I understand it was something to do with the radial. If it’s possible to clarify that, that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the principal reason was graphics and integrated graphics and then the radial as well, but the combination of those two was about a 30-day slip on the consumer SKUs.  A couple things on back-to-school -- first of all, as the industry has gotten more efficient over the last few years, particularly in notebook manufacturing, the cycle times have come down both from a transit standpoint and an assembly standpoint, and our customers are all using hubs and so forth nowadays as manufacturing techniques. So the amount of -- the earliness that you used to see in shipping semiconductors into manufacturers to hit something like back-to-school weekends is a lot shorter than it used to be.  As a result, I don’t think we missed much, if any, of the back-to-school cycle. Number one, some of our customers are doing multiple SKUs and will have multiple back-to-school refreshes and Montevina will be prominent in those second rounds. And I think the goodness of the product stands for itself. There are still not really benchmarks coming out on our new products versus competition’s new products, but when they come out, given our testing internally, I expect we will do very, very well.
Uche Orji - UBS:  Thank you very much. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Yeah, I appreciate that. Next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks, guys. I guess just a question or a curiosity on the ASP trends in laptops. It seems that the emerging markets are what drove the downward trend in ASPs but it seems to me that emerging markets have always been the big driver there, so I guess I’m wondering why now would it cause this sudden downward trend in ASPs and why wouldn’t that continue?
Paul S. Otellini: I didn’t say emerging market. If we did, I misspoke. What I -- what’s happening in the notebook business, and we showed this graphically at the analyst meeting, is that consumer purchases of notebooks as a percent of consumer PC purchases has grown from 15%, 20% up to 50%-ish, which is roughly where corporate is. Corporate is a little bit higher than that. So what’s happened is the consumer market on a worldwide basis and for PCs is shifting to notebooks. And consumer price points on notebooks are lower than consumer price -- than enterprise price points on notebooks because of the typical configurations and the builds behind them. So I think it’s nothing more than price/volume expansion of the consumer portion of the business on a worldwide basis.  As NetBooks ramp up in the second-half of this year, those I do expect to be predominantly focused on emerging markets but we are just seeing the beginning of that now.
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Okay, thanks. And so Paul, why wouldn’t that continue or why wouldn’t you still have ASP pressure going forward?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, that’s why we’re going to give you some color on Atom over time as a separate line item because I don’t want it to, if you will, color the overall ASP of the core business. So we’ll give you some guidance on that as it gets to be a big number.
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Okay, thanks and I guess for my follow-up, Paul, could you just give us your sense on demand out there? I mean, we all read the papers and stuff like that. It seems like we all understand what is going on in the U.S. What are you seeing in particular out there in China as far as demand goes?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, specifically in China, the quarter had an early interruption, obviously, with the Chengdu earthquake and Intel and virtually everyone that I know that operates in China had some impact early in the quarter from the disruption of sales for essentially a big part of the country, the western part of the country. But having -- and that notwithstanding, the other trends in China are very good. Olympics build-up has got a lot of excitement. There’s WiMAX trials on notebooks in China for the yachting events and a lot of excitement around that. So I would expect that as the replacement machines and rebuilding schools and so forth happen in China, that there will be some recovery from the demand that was lost earlier this quarter.
R. Kevin Sellers: All right, thanks, Chris. We’ll go to our next caller, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  Thanks. Paul, can you explain what the direction is going forward in terms of chipset support by third parties? Historically, there used to be various players like Avia, Asus, and ATI, and even NVIDIA. Now that some of those guys can’t do that for lots of reasons, what is the strategy going forward?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, our overall strategy on chipsets is to continue to build the best in the world and to drive as high a percentage of our microprocessors with chipsets as the market demands. And we’ve done exceptionally well in notebooks and have historically done well in servers and okay in desktop. A lot of the companies you talked about in your litany there were desktop suppliers, low-end desktop suppliers in particular and they have made economic decisions to not participate in that marketplace. There are some structural changes coming up in terms of the kinds of busses that we’ll expose publicly with the Nehalem generation. Much has been written about that. You’ll see more about that at IDF but I was very pleased to see this week that NVidia announced they will do SLI support for Nehalem using the PCI Express bus, which is an open and non-proprietary bus. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Do you have a follow-up, Hans?
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  Yes -- can you remind us in terms of the tick-tock hit that you get in terms of gross margins when you ramp early next year the 32-nanometer node in terms of what’s the usual or kind of the gross margin hit in terms of points that you would expect because of that?
Stacy J. Smith: What I showed you at the analyst meeting is still how I’m viewing this, which is in the year in which we launch a new process technology, so 2009 will be the year in which we launch 32-nanometer process technology, we tend to see a couple of points of elevation in other cost of sales off of a base of a couple of points. That’s over the year and it can spike a little bit more than that in a specific quarter but it tends to be a couple of points of gross margin. Now keep in mind, some of that is a classification of the research and development hedge in the year in which they are working on a process that’s going in production. They are classified as other cost of sales and the year in which they are working on a process that is not going in production, they are classified as R&D. That’s one of the reasons you saw our spending this year go up, was that classification. That was about a couple hundred million dollars worth of spending in 2008.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  Okay so it’s a couple of points basically in the first-half of next year?
Stacy J. Smith: It’s a couple of points on the year and it will vary.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  Okay, but front-end loaded?
Stacy J. Smith: The graph I showed you at the analyst meeting showed yeah, it will be higher in the first-half of 2009.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  Very well. Thanks.
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Hans. Next questioner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barton with Cowen. Please proceed.
John Barton - Cowen & Company:  Thank you very much. Paul, you talked about better-than-expected strength from the Atom processor. When I think about sources of demand, I put it in basically three buckets: so incremental first-time buyers from lower price points; increased number of notebook PCs per person; and then thirdly, potential substitution. I think you already touched on the fact you don’t believe any substitution is happening, but the demand in those first two buckets, how would you split that out?
Paul S. Otellini: I wouldn’t use your second category. It’s not PCs per person -- PCs per household. In many households, you’re going from one PC to multiple PCs with these machines and that was some of the early purchases and those purchases happened actually in the affluent cities or the tier 1 cities of some of the emerging market countries like China, where it became sort of a fashion item or machines for the kids. I think that in -- you know, who the heck knows but my guess is that this year, year one of NetBooks, 80% to 90% of the volume will fall in those first two categories and then maybe some substitution. And in year two and year three, I think it’s just too soon to call but our view is that these new price points, combined with a limited amount of features, which is required to enable the price points, are likely to generate a new segment in the business.
R. Kevin Sellers: John, do you have a follow up?
John Barton - Cowen & Company:  I do; so if you think about the basic metrics of semiconductors, right, you’ve got the price lever, the computing performance lever, and then the power consumption lever, I think what I just heard you say is a major catalyst for adoption of Atom is certainly the price at a reduced computing performance. How much has the computing performance limited adoption and how do you -- 
Paul S. Otellini: You know, this is sort of less than a third of the performance of our Centrino, so you are dealing with something which is not -- you know, most of us wouldn’t use and you are dealing with something that is principally designed for net access, for web access, not really to run robust applications and I think it’s likely to stay that way for quite some time. As a comparative, you would not want to run YouTube video on these things all day long. You would not want to do any photo editing on these all day long, or even for a little bit of time.  So I really think it’s a first-time buyer kind of thing and it will sort itself out, just like there is a different market for lower priced, lower performing cars than higher end cars.
Stacy J. Smith: I think that is specific to the PC segment where Atom plays. When you get out into 2009 and it is playing in the broader segments, you know, the power characteristics of Atom are likely to be -- 
Paul S. Otellini: Into handheld.
Stacy J. Smith: Into the handheld business, we’ll be just as defining.
John Barton - Cowen & Company:  Thank you. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, John, appreciate it. Next questioner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks, guys, for taking the questions and congratulations. Back on the Atom acceptance, obviously coming in very strong. Can you talk, maybe Stacy, about the offsets of Atom’s adoption, the curve of that pricing versus what you are seeing in the upside to 45-nanometer cost cuts?
Stacy J. Smith: Cody, I have to admit, I am not sure I understand your question.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  So you are getting an improvement to gross margins because of cost reductions coming down with the 45-nanometer ramp; Atom is coming up, it’s got a lesser gross margin mix impact, so how do those two offset each other maybe as we look into the next few quarters?
Stacy J. Smith: Well, I guess the answer I’d have to give to that is they’re in the 58% gross margin that I have forecasted for Q3, so even with the Atom ramp, yeah, that’ll bring costs down; it’s likely to ship at a lower average selling price. But when I focus on the traditional, what I’ll call the microprocessor business without Atom, my costs come down in that segment of the business as well, so what I did is quantify for you the overall costs. I think it’s probably more on the traditional microprocessor business and less on Atom as we go across at least the second-half of this year.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  And so that even with the Atom adoption, even with the overall cost reductions coming, price -- ASPs coming down, you’re still well out-running those?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, let me say it a different way -- even if I didn’t have Atom in the second-half of the year, my costs would be coming down nicely. I see my factories are running pretty full, my 45-nanometer process is healthy, I’m running good yields and product characteristics so my costs would be coming down even without the effect of Atom.  
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  And then lastly, can you -- I know that you said you would start to characterize as Atom starts to become more meaningful, just getting into a ramp but Atom is getting a lot of attention here and will likely continue. Can you characterize even weeks ahead, months ahead of where you thought you’d be, percentage ahead of where you thought you’d be or when we might be able to get a little more data?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, it depends on what points you start from. You know, versus last November, we’re 5X, 6X the volume for the year we thought we would -- since a month ago, we’re 10% above it.
Stacy J. Smith: Right. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  But versus maybe your expectations going into the quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: Going into the quarter, it would be -- for Q2, it came in about as we expected. Remember, Q2 was the launch quarter for this thing so it’s just we knew how much we --how the builds ramped and that’s pretty much what we sold. When you get into the Q3 again, as Paul said, it depends on what time period you choose but I guess from the beginning of Q2, outlook in Q3 is probably 50% higher than we expected, something in that order.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Great. Thanks, guys. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Cody. Next questioner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lau with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company:  Great, thanks. Paul, in taking a step back, your guidance was very strong, especially in light of the uncertainty out there. Can you give us what the normal seasonality is? And more importantly, whether that guidance is based on the feedback that you get? I guess how comfortable are you with the visibility this year versus the prior years, given the uncertainty? Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, we are equally on the hook this year versus other years, so we are relatively -- we’re very comfortable with the guidance we’ve given out. Normal seasonality is about 9% I think, Q2 to Q3 typically.  One of the things that gives me comfort is our chipset shipments in Q2. We said the chipsets were a record in Q2. Chipsets, as you may know, are a leading indicator of microprocessor or PC assembly. They get soldered on -- they get purchased and then soldered onto motherboards multiple weeks ahead of the microprocessor, typically four to six weeks depending on the vendor. So the fact that we had very strong chipset shipments, record shipments and strong over the course of the quarter I think is a very good kind of a pointer for Q3, in addition to all of the other data we have. 
Stacy J. Smith: If I can just add to that, just to -- you know, for Q2, we would typically see the second quarter down a couple of percent, and if you strip out the impact of the NOR business divestiture, we were flat and for Q3, as Paul said, normal seasonality is 8.5% to 9%, in that kind of a range, and that’s consistent with our outlook. The midpoint of our outlook is right in there. 
R. Kevin Sellers: John, anything else?
John Lau - Jefferies & Company:  Yeah, and I know that there has been a lot of questions on [inaudible] but can you just give us a quick schedule of the Larrabee, is that still on track with your expectations and sampling at the end of this year? Is that how that’s working out? Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: Yes, it’s on -- Larrabee is on track. We haven’t changed any schedules there. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company:  Great. Thank you. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, John. Next questioner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Stacy, a couple of clarifications on the gross margin; first on the NAND side, what kind of an impact is NAND having on your gross margins now? I mean, if you were to exit NAND today, how will that impact your gross margin?
Stacy J. Smith: Our gross margin would be higher. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Well, by how much, is my question. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sorry, that was tongue-in-cheek. As you know I think from prior calls, we don’t break it out to that level of granularity. I will give you a little color commentary on what we saw and in Q2, and what I expect over the course of the rest of this year; the pricing environment continues to be weak. NAND for us in Q2 came in as we expected. The gross margin impact didn’t worsen from Q1 so it kind of stayed the same. We have costs coming down as the pricing comes down, which helps us and frankly, that’s what I expect into the second half. I expect a continued weak pricing environment but my costs come down nicely, so I think it doesn’t have either a positive or negative effect on the overall corporate gross margin. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then my follow-up is I guess pretty much all of last year and earlier this year, you saw a pretty good benefit from makeshift to notebooks and now it seems like the notebook CPU pricing is probably close or even below the pricing of the desktop CPUs. So my question is are the margins still better in notebooks for you compared to your desktop segment?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, the notebook prices are still nicely above the desktop prices and I don’t see them converging frankly anytime on the horizon, simply because there is a premium associated with the power performance characteristics on those product lines, vis-à-vis the desktop. So while they are coming down, I think we’ve said this in the last couple of calls, this is something we expect. It’s a natural consequence of price volume expansion of the market and they are not moving to intercept desktop anytime soon from our perspective. And one of the ways that we are going to mitigate that is with Atom and NetBooks coming in, give us a much lower cost structure to be able to ride this curve than we did during the equivalent expansion of the desktop cycle five, six years ago. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Srini. We’re going to take two more questions, if you could, two questioners. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. If we look at the gross margin guidance for the year, 57% and the implied margins of 58% and then 60% in Q4, how much is built in those forecasts that corporate adoption of Montevina will be healthy and kind of the same level that we see with Santa Rosa?
Stacy J. Smith: You know, if you’re asking me am I baking in an ASP increase to get there, that would be pretty unusual. The big drivers of gross margin as we go from Q2 to Q3 are, as I said, the costs coming down and the volume, and I expect my costs to come down again in Q4 and volume to be up again in Q4. Those are really the drivers. I’m not anticipating a mix shift to the high end or anything like that. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Well let me ask this another way, Stacy; so if your mix on notebooks is similar to what you saw in Q2, can you still get to 57% for the year?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. 
Paul S. Otellini: In fact, I’d expect notebooks will continue to grow as a percent of our output. 
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and then Paul, one last comment just on the healthy chipset strength you saw in Q2; any comments on what you are seeing in Q3?
Paul S. Otellini: Not in a leading -- nothing strange. Everything we see so far in terms of demand for chipsets is equally strong from the strength we saw in Q2. We’ll know a lot more three months from now when we see what the shipments are lining up for the fourth quarter, but right now in terms of the mix, particularly towards the newer chipsets, the demand is very strong. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Mike. This will be our last questioner. Thanks. 
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Mr. Brian Piccioni with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you for taking my question. Obviously Atom has been a lot of the questions of this call. We mostly focused on the NetBook market for Atom. I’m sort of curious -- what do you expect the embedded market to be relative to NetBook sales? And as a follow-on, wondering if you have to make any ASP compromises for embedded applications. 
Paul S. Otellini: The second part of the question is no. At this point in time, the budget areas we’re putting out for embedded applications are in the same range as the desktop version, the higher power version of Atom that we are shipping in the PC space. And that’s because it’s essentially they’re using it -- they are being used as PC processors. Most of these things will run Windows or Linux. They’re Internet connections, general purpose reprogrammable machines, embedded market’s moving pretty rapidly in that direction.  In terms of the mix, gosh, that’s hard to say. The problem is that, as you may know, the time from design win to production ramp at an embedded design, particularly some of these ones that are in regulated environments, can be one to two years. And so if we add up all of the design wins, it’s very strong.  I don’t think that it would out-ship PC applications, PC uses but I think it will be a very strong part of the product line. 
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: Super. Thank you very much. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Brian, any follow-ups? You good? 
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: Yes, thank you. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Okay, thanks, Brian and thank you all for joining the call today. As a reminder, our quiet period for the third quarter will begin at the close of business on August 29th and our third quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for Tuesday, October 14th. Again, thank you all and good night. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-15 17:30:00) =====
Executives: R. Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Glen Yeung - Citigroup Uche Orji - UBS John Pitzer - Credit Suisse James Covello - Goldman Sachs Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James John Barton - Cowen & Company Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities Doug Freedman - American Technology Research John Lau - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2008 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Denise and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, VP of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thank you, Denise and welcome everyone to Intel's Q1 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini and Chief Financial Office Stacy Smith. As usual, Paul will be discussing the highlights of the quarter and then Stacy will provide more details on our financial [results of Q1] as well as the outlook for both the second quarter and full year 2008. Following Stacy’s comments, we’ll be happy to take questions.  A few important items before I turn it over to Paul; first, we’ve posted our earnings release and updated financial statements to our investor website, intc.com, for anyone who still needs access to that information. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will put the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com. And last, a replay of today’s call will be posted on our website around [6:00 Pacific Time] and will remain there for approximately two months.  As we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul. 
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. The first quarter marked a very good start to 2008, driven by strong industry demand for our leading edge processors and chipsets. Our revenues grew 9% from the first quarter of last year while operating income improved by 23%. Our improved financial performance and strong balance sheet allowed us to pay a record dividend in the quarter, announce a dividend increase, and buy back $2.5 billion worth of stock -- decisions we made to increase returns for our shareholders.  There was a particularly strong demand for our 45-nanometer based products and we continue to ramp that process rapidly, both in terms of volumes as well as in the breadth of product offerings. The benefits of this new process are giving Intel a unique combination of outstanding performance with low power consumption.  In terms of the business, we saw all regions grow over last year with North America standing out, driven by strong server demand. In looking at inventories, the overall supply/demand equation for our processors and chipsets appears to be healthy and in balance.  Our server business had a particularly strong quarter, turning in an all-time record in revenues. This was driven by three factors. First, we saw notable strength in the high-end, multi-processor segment, particularly in North America. This is due to the ramp of our Caneland MP platform.  Second, in the higher volume dual processor category, we saw quad-core shipments continue to grow and now represent a majority of our Xeon DP shipments.  And lastly, we saw our total Xeon processor shipments cross over to 45-nanometer based products during the quarter, further extending our leadership in this high volume segment.  We have previously discussed the PC market’s transition to mobility and our results in Q1 show continued acceleration of this trend. Our unit shipments were up sharply versus last year and with the introduction of the low cost Netbook category, we believe that the shipment crossover of desktop PCs to mobile PCs will now happen this year and not next year, as we originally anticipated.  Our desktop business also had a solid quarter, with good year-over-year growth. Quad-core remains a competitive strength in this segment and we are seeing two important trends in the desktop that offer good growth opportunities. First is the growth of the all-in-one category, where our power optimized 45-nanometer processors are a natural solution. The second is the growth of vPro technology in corporate environments driven by our unique manageability features.  Last month I committed to our investors that I would not let our Flash memory business become a long-term drag on the financials of the company. First, in our NOR business, we closed the Numonyx transaction. This is an important step for us and one that is good for Intel and its shareholders.  In our NAND business, we are making some decisions on capacity to mitigate this current over-supply situation. Recently we made a decision with Micron to push out the timing of our joint Singapore factory. We will continue to look at other options and keep you informed. I want to assure our shareholders that we entered this business to make money and we will continue to make the appropriate decisions necessary to that end.  Just about a month ago, we hosted many of you here at our headquarters for our investor day and we talked in detail about our new growth initiatives. I want to take just a moment to comment on some of the progress we made during the first quarter.  First, we launched our newly branded ATOM processor family, an innovative line of low power, cost optimized processors that will be used in a number of new product categories. We began shipping ATOM processors for revenue in the quarter and are very pleased with the early acceptance and interest from a broad and diverse range of customers.  In addition to the momentum we are seeing in the Netbook category, we are also gaining momentum in the mobile Internet device category, announcing at our recent Intel Developers Forum a total of 35 new designs across 25 customers for this segment.  And finally, I spoke briefly at our investor meeting about our embedded business and the opportunity this represents going forward. I am pleased to say that growth in this category is accelerating, showing strong double-digit unit and revenue gains year over year.  In summary, as I look at the results of the first quarter and out into the rest of 2008, I see three important trends unfolding. First, the competitive position of our core business is superb. The benefits of our 45-nanometer process technology are tangible. We expect our differentiation to grow as we aggressively ramp this new technology.  The second trend is our cost structure. As Stacy will discuss momentarily, our product costs declined quarter by quarter over 2008, which supports gross margin expansion throughout the rest of the year.  And the final trend is momentum in our new growth initiatives where we are seeing real progress, both in terms of product development and customer engagement. Our strategy of bringing the Intel architecture to new market segments combined with the world’s most advanced process technology will prove extremely valuable to our investors.  Let me now turn the call over to Stacy for a detailed look at our financial performance for the first quarter. Stacy. 
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. Q1 was a solid start to the year, as microprocessor business strength and strong execution overcame a challenging Flash market and a volatile macroeconomic environment. Compared to the first quarter of 2007, revenue grew 9% with gross margin dollars up 17% and operating profit up 23% year over year. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was over 21% for the first quarter and we generated over $2 billion of cash flow from operations.  Revenue for the first quarter was $9.7 billion, at the midpoint of the range forecasted in January, down 10% from the fourth quarter and up 9% from a year ago. Microprocessor sales were roughly seasonal, with average selling prices approximately flat while the combined revenue of NOR and NAND Flash was down 15% from the fourth quarter.  More than half of total revenue, $5.3 billion, came from the digital enterprise group. Revenue for this group was approximately 8% lower than the fourth quarter and up 11% from the prior year. Server microprocessors showed particular strength, with units up significantly from Q1 2007.  The mobility group accounted for more than a third of total revenue. This revenue of $3.7 billion was down 11% from the fourth quarter and up 11% from the prior year. Mobile microprocessor units were up significantly year over year and average mobile microprocessor prices declined due to the growth of the lower system price segments.  Looking at a geographical breakout, all geographies experienced year-over-year growth in Q1, with the Americas region seeing the strongest growth of 17%. EMEA and APAC were both up 8% year over year and Japan was up 4%. The strength in the Americas was primarily due to strong demand for our 45-nanometer server products.  Gross margin dollars were $5.2 billion, $1 billion lower than the fourth quarter. Gross margin percentage of approximately 54% was consistent with the midpoint of the revised outlook that we set at the beginning of March and two points lower than the outlook set in January. As expected, the majority of the decline from the January outlook was due to the significantly lower pricing and higher volume in our NAND memory business.  In a quarter to quarter comparison, gross margin was four points lower than the fourth quarter. Four things contributed approximately equally: CPU units were lower in the seasonally down quarter; chipset inventory write-offs, including products built prior to qualification for sale; CPU unit costs higher as we ramp the 45-nanometer process; and non-product cost of sales, primarily due to start-up charges for 45-nanometer factories.  In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage is four points higher than the first quarter of 2007.  R&D and MG&A were approximately $2.8 billion, within the forecasted range of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion and down over 4% from the fourth quarter. In addition, we had restructuring and asset impairment charges of $329 million. Of this, $275 million was related to the assets transferred to Numonyx.  The headcount reduction associated with employees transferring to Numonyx will be reflected in the second quarter. For the first quarter, the number of employees is down by 1,700 from Q4 to approximately 85,000.  Gains, losses on equity investments, and interest and other income of $109 million was lower than the fourth quarter and lower than our outlook. Compared to the fourth quarter, it is lower primarily as a result of lower interest and other income.  The provision for taxes in the first quarter was at a 33.5% tax rate, higher than the 31% previously forecasted. We now expect a higher proportion of profits will be generated in higher tax jurisdictions. In addition, the Q1 impairment related to assets sold to Numonyx negatively impacted our tax rate since the assets were located in lower tax jurisdictions. A combination of these two factors resulted in the higher Q1 tax rate.  On the balance sheet, total inventories were down $98 million, or 3% from the quarter. Microprocessor inventories increased slightly in Q1, in line with our desire to build a bit of inventory on new microprocessor products.  Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets ended the quarter at $13.2 billion, $1.6 billion less than the fourth quarter. Cash flow from operations was over $2 billion. Capital spending was $900 million. Dividend payments were $740 million, and stock repurchases were $2.5 billion.  As we turn now to the outlook for the second quarter, please keep in mind unless otherwise specified the forecasts do not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after April 14th. I will use the midpoint of the forecasted ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue, which is typically lower in the second quarter, to be between $9 billion and $9.6 billion. The midpoint of this range would be a decrease of 4% from the first quarter. As a result of the Numonyx transaction, we expect NOR Flash revenue to decline by approximately $200 million from the first quarter to the second quarter. Excluding that revenue decline, revenue is down approximately 1.5%, at the high end of the seasonal range.  In Q2, we anticipate NOR Flash revenue of approximately $100 million through a supply agreement with Numonyx, declining to approximately $50 million a quarter by year-end. On a year-to-year basis, the outlook anticipates revenue growth of 7%. Excluding the decline in NOR revenue, the growth would be approximately 11% year over year.  Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the second quarter is 56%, plus or minus a couple of points. Quarter to quarter, the NOR Flash divestiture and lower chipset inventory write-offs contribute about one point each. The gross margin impact of the CPU business is slightly positive, better than the decline typically seen in the second quarter.  Spending for R&D and MG&A in the second quarter should be between $2.8 billion and $2.9 billion. Additionally, in a separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $250 million. While we have no full year forecast for this category, we do expect charges as a result of our restructuring program announced in 2006 to decline through the remainder of the year.  Depreciation is forecasted to be approximately $1.1 billion. Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest and other income is a net gain of $75 million, lower than the first quarter, primarily due to lower interest income.  Looking beyond the second quarter as volume increases and costs decline, we expect gross margin to improve with second half margins significantly above the first half. We maintain our forecast for gross margin for the full year at 57% plus or minus a few points.  Strength in the microprocessor business is offsetting the weakness in the NAND pricing environment.  Spending for R&D and MG&A for the full year is forecasted to be approximately $11.5 billion, up $100 million from the prior forecast, primarily due to foreign exchange impacts of the weakened U.S. dollar. R&D spending is forecasted to be approximately $6 billion, up $100 million from the prior forecast and MG&A spending is forecasted to be approximately $5.5 billion, flat to the prior forecast.  The tax rate for each of the remaining quarters in the year is now expected to be 33%, two points higher than the prior forecast based on a higher concentration of profits and higher tax jurisdictions.  We enter 2008 with the strongest combination of products, silicon technology, and manufacturing leadership in our history. The first quarter results and the current outlook reflect this strength in our core business.  As we look into the second half of the year, we are planning for growth and improving financial results, driven by our product leadership, the ramp of the ATOM processor, the build-out of three 45-nanometer high volume factories, declining unit costs, and the impact of our restructuring program.  With that, let me turn it back to Kevin. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Okay, thanks, Stacy. Denise, we’d now like to have you open the line for questions and answers. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) From Deutsche Bank, your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore. Please proceed. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Just looking at the demand environment in general, it appeared that the microprocessor side was exactly in line with your expectations but can you give us just a little color if there were any gyrations throughout the quarter of strengthening or weakening? Just linearity I guess would be the easiest way to say it. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. The quarter came in -- on the microprocessor side of the business, the quarter came in as expected and we didn’t see anything unusual when you look at how the quarter unfolded. It was pretty normal. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: What about on the ASP side of things? Your competitor clearly had a negative pre-announcement. It looks from our side there like there’s some price increases they are trying to put through. You guys had the flat ASPs but are you noticing any change on the pricing environment?
Stacy J. Smith: Our ASP was roughly flat in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. If you look across the last three or four quarters, it’s been roughly flat now. This is the fourth quarter in a row. So I would characterize the pricing environment as being pretty much the same as what we’ve seen. I think we really are benefiting from the strength of our product lineup. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And then the final question on the CapEx, it looks like you under spent the annual rate, even though you reiterated the full year guidance. Anything going on there?
Stacy J. Smith: No, nothing unusual. It’s just a little bit of linearity in terms of the spends as we are ramping 45-nanometer, but we are still on track to the capital forecast for the year. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. Stacy, you said your NOR is going down to about $100 million and then it is going to go down to 50, so I’m just wondering, should we expect a benefit to gross margins? And then on the NAND front, it looks like you are assuming a fairly weak market. What is the risk that that’s going to come back and surprise us at some point on the positive or negative side?
Stacy J. Smith: Surprise us on the negative side or the positive side?
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Both. 
Stacy J. Smith: I would love a positive surprise in the memory business but I’m not banking on it. In the NOR, the way the supply agreement is set up on the NOR side, the gross margin impact from Q1 to Q2 is about a point as the $200 million goes to Numonyx. I don’t expect that to be significant going forward, so I think that’s pretty much the impact you are going to see.  What we have baked in on the NAND side for the year is an assumption of a continued over-supply in the NAND market, which brings bit pricing down, although our costs get better quarter on quarter, so I think it kind of isn’t going to be the same magnitude that we saw from Q4 to Q1, but it continues to be a pretty weak pricing environment as I see it going forward and it could be a little better than that, it could be a little worse but that’s how we’re calling the business right now. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Okay and then on inventories, you said your CPU inventories went up a little bit. Just looking out to the next couple of quarters, do you think -- do you feel comfortable where you are or do you need to take it up a bit from here?
Stacy J. Smith: In Q4 we were a little less than we’d like, and so I told you in the call last quarter that I wanted to put a little bit of inventory in place on some of our new CPU products. You would typically see us build a little bit of inventory in the second quarter and that’s pretty consistent with how I’m viewing the inventory right now. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Okay, and then my final question for Paul; Paul, it looks like you did pick up some share from AMD just based on their pre-announcement. I’m just wondering if this is mostly from server market or just looking out to the other two as well, notebooks and desktops. And also my question is how sustainable do you think these share gains are? And also, if you could give us -- help us understand what is driving these share gains. Thank you. 
Paul S. Otellini: I think that we’ll follow the practice we’ve used the last few quarters on share, which is we’ll wait for the -- all the numbers come in and have the independent parties report and then we’ll absorb it.  What I can say is that as I pointed out in my comments, we had a very strong quarter in server, in the server segment this last quarter, particularly driven by our ramp of the MP Caneland platform and that allowed us to achieve record server revenues. So I suspect there is some good news in share gain in that number set.  The other thing that was strong this quarter was mobile and as we look forward in the course of the year with the crossover from the desktop to the notebook happening essentially a year sooner than we first had thought, I think that is good news for Intel given the strength of our product line, both on the Centrino side and now with the Netbooks and ATOM starting to show fairly good volume projections. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. Please proceed. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: A couple of questions; Stacy, your outlook for the core business in the second quarter, high end of seasonal, down 1.5%, just curious as to what’s driving that expectation. Is it the ramp of the Netbook type products, your expectations of more share gain just given what is ostensibly the perception of the macroeconomic backdrop as a big headwind?
Stacy J. Smith: It’s a variety of things but I would call out the ramp of the Netbook product as something that I see being a contributor over the course of the year and we are going to start to see the impact of that in the second quarter. It does look to be driving some incremental unit growth beyond what I thought when I first set my forecast for the year. 
Paul S. Otellini: Let me come back to -- let me tag on that and then come back to your comment on macroeconomics. Just to remind you, we’ve got 75% of our revenues are not in the U.S. now and much of the concern on macroeconomic debate has to do with the U.S., particularly the Manhattan portion of the U.S. So we don’t see this really impacting our business at this time and haven’t seen it so far in the last couple of quarters.  And then secondly in my experience, when there are more difficult economic times, people do two things -- they turn to information technology for productivity gains for their enterprises and they tend to buy the best-of-breed products that are out there. As that happens, if it happens, Intel is in a pretty good position. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Just a follow-up or two; Stacy, on the OpEx line, your employee count down 1,700 following the divestiture of the NOR Flash business -- was this benefit all accounted for in your initial projections or is there a negative offset to this positive development here as you head into the back-half of the -- in other words why the [inaudible] forecast not come down?
Stacy J. Smith: The divestiture of the NOR business was encompassed in my annual forecast. As I told you last quarter, we were counting it in in Q1 and then out for the rest of the year. It closed on day two of -- or day one of Q2 so pretty much as I anticipated when I set the guidance for the year.  The increase we are seeing in the OpEx line is the impact of foreign exchange rates being higher has caused us to raise that by $100 million. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay and just one last final two-parter; first, on the tax rate, is it possible that it reverts back to a lower figure? Because clearly the Americas outperformed, or is the fact that NOR is no longer part of the mix a permanent headwind so to speak? And then secondly, what were the chipset unit inventory write-offs that you were able to -- 
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. That’s not a two-part question, that’s two separate questions but I’ll be happy to answer it. On the tax rate, we see two effects in Q1 that are both attributable to the Numonyx transaction. One is that transaction changes our distribution of revenue so that we have a higher proportion of our revenue in higher tax jurisdictions. That’s an underlying rate issue and then we had a one-time issue in the quarter which is the impairment on the assets that we took for Numonyx. That impairment hit lower tax jurisdictions, so we got less of a tax effect than you’d expect and that raises our rate for the quarter.  To your question of could it come back down, yeah, my expectation is that when we get out in time, then we’ve ramped the Israel factory on 45-nanometers, the third of three factories, that it will start to move the distribution of our revenue back out of the U.S. into some lower tax jurisdictions. It’s likely to be more of a 2009 effect than a 2008 effect.  To your chipset question, what you see there is just a very normal process of the build that we had on chipsets prior to qualifying that product for sale, so we reserved those -- we reserved that chipset product and you see that reversing in the second quarter where we don’t retake that and so that’s part of the one point of good news in the second quarter. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung from Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Paul, could I just ask you to clarify about your statements on the macro? We’ve been seeing some signs that the European business may be slowing down and I just want to double-check your views on Europe looking into the second quarter. 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, we had I think a very, very good Q4 in Europe, as you may remember, Glen. And we had a very good Q1 in North America this time, so I’d look at the integral six months and say that from a macroeconomic standpoint, the two most mature of our markets are not showing any signs of weakness.  I was just in Europe two weeks ago meeting with customers and I did not pick up anything other than what I’ve indicated today. 
Stacy J. Smith: It’s also notable that we had 8% year-on-year growth in Europe and that’s pretty close to the average on a year-on-year basis, so we saw growth across every geography in Q1 on a year-on-year basis. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: That’s good to know. Okay, thanks. Second question is on unit costs in the second quarter. I think I heard one of the two of you say that they would be down, so I just want to double-check that.  And then I guess I’m trying to understand what’s going on with 45-nanometer mix. I know you set a target at the beginning of the year which I don’t remember if you made public or not but I know that there is a target and I wonder if that target is now more than originally thought.  And I guess an add-on question to this is what is 45-nanometer as a proportion of inventories and does that sort of account for all the -- for where inventories are?
Stacy J. Smith: I’ll take one and three and Paul will take two. I didn’t break out costs for the second quarter. What I said was that you normally see the CPU business being slightly negative on the overall gross margin in the second quarter and we are really not seeing that in this second quarter. That’s a comment on the strength of the business. So normally what you’d see is volumes down, costs down a bit, you know, it causes the overall gross margin to be down a bit. And we’re not seeing that effect this time as we do the forecast for the second quarter, so it’s roughly flat on the overall Q2 gross margin.  And on your question about 45-nanometer inventory, virtually all of the products that were put into inventory over the course of the first quarter was new microprocessor products, so we look at that pretty carefully in terms of the Asia products and it’s a very healthy inventory level and the product that’s in inventory is also very healthy product. 
Paul S. Otellini: And lastly on the mix, I did show that slide at the investor meeting and it shows a crossover in the third quarter and we are still on track to that and we are ramping as fast as we can. And we’ve -- I think I said at the analyst meeting, we have shipped in excess of 4 million units. At this point in time, we’ve shipped in excess of 8 million units, so we are moving very quickly up the ramp curve. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: That’s great and then just last question here for Stacy on the interest income line -- I want you to just walk us through the decline in that number going forward and just what’s driving that. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. I told you at the analyst meeting that our cash balances were a little higher than we wanted and higher than the target we set with the board. So talking through the Q1 to Q2 reduction, it really is driven by interest income and there’s a couple of components to that. As you know, interest rates are down so we earn a bit less on the portfolio that we have but also I plan to bring the cash balance down a bit more in the second quarter. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: All right, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. Please proceed. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Paul, first question is for you; I’m just a little bit positively surprised by the comments you made on North America, especially on servers. If you don’t mind, I would just like to probe that a little bit. My question is how much of this could have been the pent-up demand for 45-nanometer and of course I know it’s continued into Q2 but if you were to look through your various categories of customers, is there a particular area where strength is coming from? I mean, if I look at -- you mentioned Manhattan. If I look at financial services, of course we are not seeing IT budgets going up, so if you can give us any more color just to explain this that would be very helpful. 
Paul S. Otellini: Those questions may best be answered by Hewlett-Packard and Dell and IBM when they come up but from our perspective as we look through, I actually disagree with you on financial services. I think that you are right on the PC side, we have heard about some softness as the banks cut back employees and so forth. But on the back office stuff, they are still deploying the most advanced technology they can to get the -- for the obvious advantage of speed of transactions. So I take issue with your assertion there.  We saw pretty broad-based wide customer-based adoption of MP at a very strong ramp on Caneland, and as I said the quad-core, particularly 45-nanometer quad-core mix, accelerated over the quarter as our volume grew.  We are -- to mix your question and Glen’s together on 45-nanometer, we are filling from the top. The bulk of our 45-nanometer output starts out in servers, moves to mobile, then moves to desktop. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Another question, Paul -- thanks for that, that’s helpful. Another question is regarding your pricing strategy. If I look at your strategic positioning [inaudible] your strategy with pricing say for the rest of the year to kind of keep it flattish, or do you have a chance now to kind of [inaudible] you know, into higher speeds or higher ASP as a way to kind of create more value? So if I look through the rest of the year, is it possible for you to talk through what will be your strategy for pricing? Of course I know this is dependent on what the environment looks like, but from your perspective any sense of what we should be thinking about when we think about price would be helpful. 
Paul S. Otellini: I can assure you that we are always trying to sell up to the highest performing products in any of our segments, so that’s just -- that’s just standard operating procedure. When our mix is as competitive as it is today, we have a better chance of doing that and so look to try to see us move towards MP, towards faster Xeons, towards faster notebooks as much as possible.  Offsetting that I have to say is, and this is the unknown, is the ramp of which things like the Netbook, the ATOM based Netbooks start taking off, which have a lower average selling price but as we’ve shown you at the analyst meeting, awfully good margins. And that segment we still think is going to -- it will be net accretive to the overall TAM for notebooks. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Right, that’s helpful. Thank you very much, Paul. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : Thanks, guys. Congratulations. Paul, a couple of questions, just getting back to the macro, you said 75% of your business is outside the U.S. On the server front, I’m assuming there’s a much higher concentration within the U.S. and I’m just kind of curious -- do you think market share gains or mix is a better driver? Because you’ve now had I guess three consecutive quarter, Q3, Q4, and now Q1 where server demand has been extremely strong for you guys. 
Paul S. Otellini: I think we’ll let the server, the MSS question sort itself out but I think it’s probably a bit of both as it sorts out. One of the things that we’ve talked about is this growth of the large Internet data centers who are now consuming a very measurable part of the server output and sometimes they buy from us directly and sometimes they buy through our OEM customers.  Their growth, I mean, you saw the stories about Amazon and Google in the papers in the last couple of days, their growth is really quite large as they try to build up their infrastructure for cloud computing. And I think that is a driver that is measurably different in the last couple of quarters than in the previous few before that. And on top of that, you’ve got the quality of the product line which may be helping on share. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : And then Paul, on the mobility side, if you look over the last four quarters, revenue growth is still very healthy but is decelerated from above 20% to now about 11.7. Is that all pricing and mix as you get into these new end markets? Is that the primary contributor there?
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah, it’s by far -- it’s the predominant driver by far. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : And then Stacy, just two quick housekeeping questions around the NAND front; first, any money that you guys give to IMFT, does that show up in the $5.2 billion capital budget? And can you give us a sense of how much capital you are planning to commit to that joint venture this year?
Stacy J. Smith: So it does not show up in the CapEx spending, so the $5.2 billion is what we are spending for our internal factories. And as we push out the Singapore factory a bit, it’s a little premature to say how much CapEx will do. It’s likely to come down from what we thought a few weeks ago. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : And then lastly, just to help us given that the pricing of NAND was an issue to Q1 gross margins, how much does NAND pricing have to fall in Q1 before we need to start to worry about your gross margin guidance for the quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: It’s probably best if I talk about what I see for the rest of the year and I’ll give you a little bit of color commentary on what we saw Q4 to Q1 and then over the rest of the year. We see a continued over-supply in the NAND market. That’s pretty consistent with what most of the external analysts are saying as well. So we do see pricing coming down on a gigabit level. We are taking some actions to improve our mix and our financial performance but we do see pricing coming down and also our costs come down, so it should be relatively gross margin neutral from here on out to what we have modeled in.  The real difference is Q4 to Q1, our gigabit production doubled. We had a new factory that had come on line and we now see that kind of flattening out over the rest of the year. So even if there is a big drop in NAND pricing, it’s not going to have the same magnitude on any given quarter as what we saw Q4 to Q1 because of that bit doubling that hit us at the same time that the prices came down by half. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : Great, thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Maybe Stacy, first question -- can you help us quantify how much NAND is dragging down overall gross margins for the full year 2008?
Stacy J. Smith: More than we thought when we originally set the forecast for the quarter, but I’m not going to break it out. You know, we had a big impact in Q1 and I think it’s going to be pretty much gross margin neutral as we go through the year from where we are. Again, I’ve got costs coming down about the same rate that I see pricing coming down. And then we are also looking at a series of other options to both improve our business on a tactical basis and if it’s not going to give the kind of financial performance that we are holding it to, then we’ll go take other options. I think that’s all I can say on NAND right now. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful. And then, relative to the margins in Q1, which were as you said were lower because the NAND, and then the guidance for the full year gross margins remaining the same, what is helping in the back half of the year offset the weakness in the first quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, it’s not just the back half of the year. It’s actually Q2 is up a bit from what I thought a quarter ago, and what we are seeing is just continued -- some growing strength in the core business. Specifically, I see some incremental growth coming from the ATOM processor. I see costs coming down and that’s offsetting the weakness that we are seeing in NAND. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Is it -- I think you guys had commented on originally that some of the gross margin you had assumed for the year you were assuming a competitive product from your competitor and assuming some price competition as a result of that. Any possibility that some of that isn’t as bad as you might have expected because of your product differentiation?
Stacy J. Smith: I think we’ll have to wait and see as we get into the second half on how their products perform and the rate at which they are able to ramp it. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then final question, just around the competitive environment, obviously our product differentiation is creating a difficult situation for your competitors, or your competitor. Is there a point at which the competitive environment gets too dire for them and how do you think about strategically your actions in the face of the competitive environment, giving how well you are doing and how poorly they are doing?
Paul S. Otellini: I think you’ll have to ask them the first part of that question. I don’t think I’m qualified to answer it but in terms of the way we look at it, my job is simply to bring out the best products as possible and meet customer needs and drive dynamism in the marketplace in terms of new products and new technologies that stimulate market growth. That’s been the Intel CEO’s job for two decades and I don’t see it changing. 
Stacy J. Smith: And it’s really stark if you look at the difference in our results back a year-and-a-half ago when we didn’t have product leadership to today when we do. It really drives a very different set of financial execution for us. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Final question and then I’ll be done -- [Hallum] still on track?
Paul S. Otellini: Yes, sir. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan : Could you talk about what utilization rates did in Q1 and where you expect them to go for the rest of the year, or is it that everything is kind of running flat out right now?
Stacy J. Smith: It’s pretty much the same that I showed you at the analyst meeting about a month ago. Utilizations are what I would consider in the sweet spot over the course of 2008. You know, not too hot, not too cold. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan : And then Stacy, it sounds like you are also going to deploy some more cash in Q2 so we can assume another buy-back?
Stacy J. Smith: You know, we have an ongoing buy-back program. We did a good buy-back in Q1. It was $2.5 billion. We paid a dividend. We actually announced an increase in our dividend. As I told you at the investor meeting, we’ll utilize both of those mechanisms to keep cash at the level agreed with the board. Beyond that, I can’t go any further in commenting on the first quarter. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan : That’s fine. And it sounds like the NOR business is about $300 million. Why are you guys keeping $100 million in revenue for Q2 and the 50 for Q3 and Q4?
Stacy J. Smith: So it’s not that we’re -- we’re actually supplying wafers to Numonyx on a supply agreement for some products in factories that they didn’t take and so that supply agreement will run the course over 2008, maybe a little bit at the beginning of 2009 and then it will be done. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan : Okay, and then last question just for Paul -- so Paul, to reiterate, you see no troubling signs of demand either from the U.S. or Europe or Asia? 
Paul S. Otellini: No we haven’t. 
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan : Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks so much. Stacy, I was wondering, with respect to the mobility business, it looked like what your outlying strength in the server business in terms of the revenue and the profitability, that while I think Paul was saying that your notebook business was strong relative to your expectations, the operating margin there looked lower versus the fourth quarter but lower than it’s been in a while. Do you have any color on the operating level there and what some of the issues might have been?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure, and actually it’s probably best seen -- you see the same impact year-on-year, so let me give you Q107 to Q108. It’s best seen there and it really is the price of success for the mobile business. They pick up now a larger percentage of the allocated costs across the company. As Paul said, we’re seeing that crossover point a year earlier than we thought so they are picking up a larger percentage of the process technology development spending that we do that we allocate to the group. So that’s a chunk of it.  We also made the decision to transition our advertising from the first half of last year where we were doing Core 2 Duo based advertising. It is now Centrino based advertising, so they are picking up a much larger percentage of the overall advertising budget of the company. It really is those kinds of things that are impacting the operating margin. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Do you have any color -- in saying that the ASPs were flat, maybe the server ASPs were up because you had strong revenue and new product. How was the notebook ASP and maybe the desktop ASP?
Stacy J. Smith: I pretty much said the notebook ASP in my speech. We saw notebook ASPs coming down some, same as last quarter as the notebook form factors moving into the consumer segment and emerging markets, we see good strong unit growth and it’s partially offset by the ASP coming down as it’s hitting these new price segments of the market. That was true in Q1 as it was true in Q4. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And the desktop ASP obviously lower as well, right? 
Stacy J. Smith: I’m not going to go segment by segment. The two significant ones was we saw good growth in the server market, we saw good growth in units in the notebook market offset a little bit by ASP. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And going forward then, the operating margin for the mobility business, we would think about it being more in this mid to low 30s range, is that how we should think about it?
Stacy J. Smith: Going forward, their allocation over the course -- we’re not making a new advertising decision, so that’s kind of all in the Q1 result. We do the allocation methodology on a semi-annual basis, so it’s probably going to look a little better as the revenue grows over the course of the year would be my guess. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Separately, just with respect to the chipset revenues versus the MP revenues, it looks like the sequential decline in chipsets was more pronounced than the sequential decline in microprocessors and similarly in the prior quarter, the revenue growth had lagged what it was in microprocessors. Any color on some of the dynamics in chipsets for both enterprise and mobility versus microprocessors?
Stacy J. Smith: Let me give an aggregated comment on chipsets and then maybe Paul wants to give some color on the different segments, I don’t know. We had a very strong Q4 in chipsets. What we saw in Q1 in total on chipsets was pretty much as we expected and kind of within the wide range of outcomes that you typically see from a Q4 to Q1, so we didn’t see anything unusual there.  You also have to keep in mind that within that chipset and other revenue segment, we had some revenue that’s gone away. We were providing some supply agreements due to our divestiture of the handheld business. We had some other small divestitures, that kind of hits that line item. So a little bit of what you are seeing is due to some of those effects and I articulated those at the beginning of the quarter. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Paul, anything on that? I mean, should we continue to expect chipsets to lag the microprocessor revenue growth or is there going to be a catch-up at some point?
Paul S. Otellini: They lead and they lag. It depends on the season. In the second half of the year they tend to build up. There’s about an eight to 12-week, depending on the form factor, lead time of chipsets ahead of microprocessors. So as you move towards the volume parts of the year, the chipsets start to pick up in advance of microprocessor seasonality and then as you come into this part of the year, you have the trough because Q2 is typically lower than Q1.  So I think what you are seeing -- I wouldn’t read anything into that. Our view of our -- our competitiveness in chipsets is unchanged. We think we are -- we have a very strong position here. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Lastly, if I may, just on the NAND bit growth, I think at the analyst meeting Stacy you had suggested that the bit growth in NAND would be maybe even flattish going forward after a strong ramp in the first calendar quarter. Do you have any color there? And then separately, given the industry commentary around the battery fire in perhaps in the notebook outlook, I was just wondering if there was -- it doesn’t seem like in your guidance there’s any impact there at all but I was just wondering if you had any color there on how we should think about that. 
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. So on NAND, consistent with what I said at the analyst meeting, we saw incremental capacity coming on in Q4 and Q1 that absolutely impacted our results. Over the course of the rest of the year, we don’t have incremental capacity coming on. Our bits grow a little bit as yields improve but compared to what we saw last couple of quarters, that will be pretty minor.  And we had the next increment of capacity coming on with the Singapore factory and in conjunction with Micron, we’ve made a decision to push that out while we watch the market.  In terms of the battery fire, our forecast encompasses what we see there. We’re not seeing that as an impact on the quarter. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann from Raymond James. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Paul, a quick question on the NAND situation -- what is on the table with your discussions with Micron regarding possible action and in terms of that, could you possibly consider getting out of the NAND business completely?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I really don’t think it’s appropriate to get into that, Hans. I mean, there’s a lot of ideas that we have here and talking about them publicly before they are realized or discussed I think is inappropriate and weakens our negotiating position and our options. So I really can’t comment on that prior to doing it.  We had similar questions raised on NOR a year-and-a-half ago about what are you going to do about it and we couldn’t answer those, even though we were in discussions with ST, so it’s just -- I would -- that’s why I put the statement I made in my commentary on this has our focus and you have our commitment on the long-term, non-drag on the business. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. That’s it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barton from Cowen & Company. 
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Thank you very much. Paul, as you start to see more and more design wins for the ATOM roll in and you start the shipping for revenue, as you look at those wins is there anything that’s changed in your view with respect to what the real adopters would be as far as either emerging economies, mature economies, MIDs, notebooks, et cetera?
Paul S. Otellini: I think it’s too soon to call that. Certainly some of the -- I think the bulk of the early sales of the Netbooks has been in -- either in mature markets or tier one cities of places like China, and most people that are buying them are buying them as a fashion accessory, as a second or third notebook in the household, or women because of the form factor, both the keyboard is more amenable to their hand size or fits in a purse and those kinds of things.  But I think we are in the early stage of it still. I mean, it’s like the early days of the iPod and as you have different versions come out and different price points come out, I would expect us to move in particularly well in emerging markets. 
John Barton - Cowen & Company: And as you review the design wins and the competitive dynamics out there, what actually do you see as the primary competition for an alternate processor choice and then how you think that potentially evolves through the following year?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, you’ve seen some already. I mean, HP has one based upon Via already, so that’s certainly one that’s out there today. But in terms of the overall technology, in terms of performance and battery life and integration of chipsets, we think we are in a pretty good position to take advantage of the category we are creating. 
John Barton - Cowen & Company: With respect to overall PC demand, you know, you were pretty adamant about your statements the June quarter looks basically seasonal, you are not seeing anything to make you fearful of North America, et cetera. Can I extrapolate from that that your view of 2008 really hasn’t changed much since the last time you made a comment? I think you had low double-digit PC unit growth shipments for ’08. Is that fair?
Paul S. Otellini: Yes. Yes it hasn’t change and yes that was our view at the time and I haven’t moved from there. 
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney from FTN Midwest is next. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Just one last question on the spending side of the budget, with the restructuring that you are completing now, can we expect that to bring down in absolute terms your research and your selling budgets, or is that likely to remain flat -- 
Stacy J. Smith: Our long-term goals haven’t changed, which is to grow spending at a rate that’s slower than revenue and have an expanding operating margin. In terms of the absolute spending level, that’s going to be to a large extent dependent on the revenue environment that we are in. But the long-term goals here are the same that I communicated to you a month ago -- it’s grow operating margin percent and have spending grow slower than revenue. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And would you say that after the restructuring, you feel like you have more -- when conditions change, you are able to reduce those variable costs a bit more quickly than in the past?
Stacy J. Smith: Could you repeat that question? There’s a little bit of feedback on the line. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Sorry about that. I was just wondering, given the restructuring, has the firm become a bit more nimble? I mean, if demand goes down, can you cut out some of these expenses fairly quickly?
Stacy J. Smith: There’s no question in my mind that we’ve become more nimble. I mean, if you -- the way we went about the restructuring and one of the reasons it’s taken some time to do it is we tried to address the underlying efficiency of the company, you know, the efficiency of our manufacturing organization, the efficiency of our research and development organization. There’s no question in my mind that we’ve addressed some of the underlying efficiency and frankly it’s a focus that we will continue over the course of time, even after the restructuring program that we announced two years ago goes away. I think it’s an incredible competitive tool for us. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: And that $250 million that we should expect this quarter, you said it was likely to reduce over the course of the year. Is that something you are going to wind up you think this year or should that continue into next year as well?
Stacy J. Smith: We will continue to focus on efficiency and productivity hopefully forever. In terms of the restructuring program and the pretty significant charges you’ve been seeing hitting the restructuring line, I think they drop off pretty dramatically when we get into the second half of the year. 
Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest Securities: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with American Technology Research. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: You know, you’ve answered almost everything here but if you could, Stacy, talk a little bit about the impact of the Euro. You mentioned that it’s impacting OpEx but are there any benefits from the exchange rates that you are seeing and not just the Euro, but anything that you can offer there?
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, absolutely. So on the spending, as you mentioned, it’s -- the weaker dollar is increasing our cost in some of the other geographies of the world. Two jobs ago I was actually the head for Europe, Middle East, and Africa and one of my rules of thumb is the best time to be in that region is when the dollar is weak and the time to leave is when the dollar becomes strong because it does lower the PC prices in the marketplace. And I think that’s part of the strength that Paul alluded to in Q4 as we are just seeing the price of technology coming down in Europe because a lot of components are priced in dollars. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: And then can you talk about if you’ve seen any impact from what’s happening in the commodities market and whether that is having an impact, expected to have an impact and how you are working that into your thinking?
Stacy J. Smith: I’d say it’s the same as what we see on the macroeconomic side of the business. It’s one of the inputs that goes into how we look at the business and how we look at our costs, but in general what we are seeing, and I think this is as a result of our technology leadership right now and the strength of our products, we’re seeing a pretty strong market and I see costs coming down quarter by quarter by quarter, so those are kind of the two components there. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: And then lastly, you know, you talked about success of ATOM happening and you’ve talked about strength in the server market and the drivers there. You also talked at the analyst day about the mix there being very important for gross margins going forward. Any help you can offer on how quick you think the ATOM class processors are going to ramp in comparison to sort of where we are seeing pretty strong strength in the server market now? Is this something where the mix is going to become more of an issue of 2009? Anything you can offer there. 
Stacy J. Smith: Yeah, sure. Too early to call. My view hasn’t change from what I showed you a month ago. We are pretty excited about the level of interest we are seeing on ATOM. I think it is driving some incremental strength but we are also seeing strength in the server business, so -- 
Paul S. Otellini: But I think it’s fair to say that the 57% gross margin for the year you are projecting includes the impact of ATOM for 2008. 
Stacy J. Smith: Yes. If that was your question, absolutely. 
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Okay. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Doug, real quickly -- Denise, we just need to take one more question because we are running out of time here and it needs to be a quick one. If you can just pull the next, last one and we’ll wind up the call. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Your next question comes from the line of John Lau from Jefferies & Company. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you very much. Most of the questions have been answered but in terms of the underlying dynamics for the PC, Paul, much of the growth is outside the United States now. Does the outsourcing trend and the infrastructure build-out in the emerging market still look strong? And is that really the dynamics that we are looking for to offset more of the mature markets in the United States and Europe?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, to your first approximation, yeah, most of the growth over the next few years, five years, is going to be -- will be non-U.S. but the U.S. market has been pretty resilient based upon the transition to notebooks. People buy them more frequently than they do desktops and there’s more notebooks per person, et cetera. So I wouldn’t necessarily write it off. I think a notebook is becoming a bit of a fashion statement and that has a cache associated with it and we are seeing some of that. You have certainly seen that with the Apple product line growth.  But I really think the unknown dynamic is what happens when these $200 to $300 Netbooks are unleashed in India and China and Indonesia and we don’t -- there is no model for that at this point in time because you are dealing with something that’s never existed before.  So we are optimistic but we just don’t know at this point. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: And even before the ATOM hits those emerging markets, Paul, are you seeing -- what can you comment with regard to the adoption rate for the middle class and the general population with regard to Notebooks in these emerging markets now? Have you seen an up-tick there?
Paul S. Otellini: Yeah, it is and some of that is also back to Stacy’s last question on the dollar, I mean, as the dollar weakens against most currencies, particularly in some of these emerging markets, the amount of money it takes to buy a PC relative to local disposable income is less and less. And so we are seeing PC penetration move more rapidly in some of these markets than we had seen in previous years.  And that’s one of the reasons you see us pointing to a growth forecast in terms of low double-digits for the units this year. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: I’ll go ahead and turn the call back over to Mr. Kevin Sellers for closing remarks. 
R. Kevin Sellers: Thank you, Denise. I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. As a reminder, our quiet period for the second quarter will begin at the close of business on May 30th and our second quarter earnings conference call is schedule for Tuesday, July 15th. Thanks again for joining and we’ll talk to you soon. Good night. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Sellers - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul S. Otellini - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stacy J. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer  
Analysts: David Wong - Wachovia John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Uche Orji - UBS Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Glen Yeung - Citigroup Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James John Lau - Kessler Mark Lipacis - Prudential Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research David Wu - Global Crown Capital
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Akia and I’ll be your Operator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Kevin Sellers: Thank you and welcome, everyone to Intel's Q4 2007 earnings conference call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini and Chief Financial Officer, Stacy Smith. As usual, Paul will be discussing the highlights of the quarter and the year and Stacy will then provide more details on our financial performance in Q4, as well as the business outlook for the first quarter and full year 2008. Following Stacy’s comments, we’ll be happy to take questions.  A few important items before I turn it over to Paul -- first, we posted our earnings release and updated financial statements to our investor, intc.com, for anyone who still needs access to that information. Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website as well.  Next, a replay of today’s call will be posted on our website at around five o’clock Pacific Time and will remain there for approximately two months.  Lastly, we have scheduled our annual analyst investor day on March 5th and 6th at Intel headquarters in Santa Clara. We look forward to seeing many of you there. Our quiet period for the first quarter will therefore begin at the end of business Friday, March 7th.  As we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul.
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin and thank you all for joining us today. The fourth quarter capped a very strong 2007 for Intel. We returned to annual growth with revenues up over 8% and operating income up over 45% for the year. We achieved our goals of regaining product leadership across our entire product line and of becoming leaner and more efficient overall.  With our tick-tock strategy working superbly, we exit 2007 with the strongest combination of products, manufacturing, and silicon technology leadership in our history.  We have reinvented the transistor with our new Hi-K metal gate formula and are pleased to note that the initial ramp of our 45-nanometer process exceeds that of our 65-nanometer process. We now have over 30 products launched and shipping in high volume based on this new technology.  As we look at the fourth quarter results specifically, we continued to benefit from strong demand for our processors and chipsets. ASPs were firm and costs continued to decline, contributing to an expansion in our gross margins of about seven percentage points from Q3.  Now let me touch briefly on each of our major business segments. Our server business had a great fourth quarter as we shipped a record number of processors. We experienced strong double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter, both on a sequential basis as well as year over year reflecting the strength of our quad core Xeon processor family.  Our new core microarchitecture MP platform called Caneland exceeded our ramp and conversion targets for the quarter.  Mobile unit growth continues to be very strong and consistent with the shift to mobility we’ve seen over the past couple of years. Processor and chipset units both set a record in the quarter. As mobile continues to grow as a fraction of the PC market, system price points have expanded to include new lower prices consistent with consumer purchase capabilities.  We are participating in these price points today with a variant of our core microarchitecture and will be adding versions of Silverthorne later this year to address even lower price points with good margins.  This is a trend for which we have been planning and believe it’s a net positive for us as the mobile segment continues to grow.  Our recent launch of new 45-nanometer mobile processors begins the transition of our entire mobile lineup to this technology, which will span from the highest performing laptops to the very lowest cost ones, allowing us to extend our lead in performance, power, and cost in this critically important segment.  Our desktop business continued to build on the strength we showed last quarter. Our desktop quad core product shipments grew more than 40% from the third quarter, which helped to fortify ASPs in this competitive segment.  Our chipset business continued to see strong growth during the quarter. Units grew from the third quarter, setting a record and grew sharply from a year ago. Our business continued to be strong and grew from a year ago across all of our major business segments.  Our channel business also saw record shipments for the quarter, with servers and mobile microprocessors showing particular strength. Overall, channel inventories appear healthy and in line with our expectations as we head into Q1.  Our flash businesses had a challenging quarter. NOR units declined sequentially even though ASPs increased. Our NAND business continues to ramp with revenue higher in the third quarter on sharply higher unit sales. The NAND competitive environment was worse than anticipated, causing ASPs to decline significantly from the third quarter.  We plan to close the Numonyx transaction in the first quarter of 2008, something Stacy will address in his remarks momentarily.  In closing, we are very pleased with the significant progress we made on our strategic objectives during 2007. We enter the new year leaner and stronger. Our tick-tock strategy continues to differentiate our products and technology. Our business is growing and our financial results are rewarding.  We remain optimistic about 2008 and we enter the new year confident and motivated to build on the successes of ’07.  Let me now turn the call over to Stacy for a detailed look at our financial performance as well as our business outlook for Q1 and full 2008. Stacy. 
Stacy J. Smith: Thanks, Paul. 2007 was not only a year of bringing great products and process technology to the market -- it was also a year in which our commitment to efficiency and spending control enabled the country to grow operating profit significantly faster than revenue.  Compared to 2006, revenue grew 8% and with gross profit up and operating expenses down, operating profit was up 45% year over year. We exited the year with an operating income margin of over 28%.  Revenue for the fourth quarter was a record at $10.7 billion, a 6% increase over the third quarter and below seasonal growth patterns following a strong third quarter. Computing related products and NOR Flash met expectations, while NAND Flash fell short.  The quarterly revenue growth came from nearly all product lines -- microprocessors with a combination of record units, record revenue, and flat average selling prices, were a significant contributor. We saw double-digit unit growth in server and mobile microprocessors. Flash revenues grew in both NOR and NAND product lines.  Fourth quarter revenue was up 10.5% year over year. Growth was driven by all geographies with particular strength in Europe. We achieved full year revenue and unit records in server and mobile microprocessors, chipsets, and wireless.  Gross margin at 58% was up nearly seven percentage points from the third quarter. Gross profit dollars were $6.2 billion, up 27% from the third quarter and up 29% from the same quarter a year ago.  The increase quarter to quarter was driven by approximately three points from lower unit costs and one point each from higher CPU volume from 45-nanometer product qualifying for sale in the fourth quarter and being classified as inventory, from lower start-up costs and from the Transmeta settlement charge taken in Q3.  Gross margin was one point higher than the midpoint of our forecast based on lower-than-expected start-up costs and an overall Intel product mix slightly richer than expected.  In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage is eight-and-a-half points higher than the gross margin in Q4 2006. The vast majority of this increase is due to decreasing cost in our CPU business.  We continued to reduce spending as a percentage of revenue during the quarter. R&D and MG&A were $2.9 billion, a little higher than in the third quarter and within the forecast range that we provided in October. On an annual basis, spending of $11.2 billion was down $800 million from 2006.  In 2007, our structure and efficiency efforts yielded about $2.5 billion of efficiency, exceeding our plan to save $2 billion by the end of 2007. Our spending as a percent of revenue declined by nearly 500 basis points over the course of the year, from 34% in 2006 to 29% in 2007.  We ended the year with approximately 86,000 employees, down 8% from a year ago and down 14% from the end of 2005.  Restructuring costs in the quarter were approximately $230 million, $100 million higher than our expectation, primarily due to an impairment related to assets, which we plan to sell in conjunction with the divestiture of our NOR Flash memory business. The impairment is based on the revised value we expect to receive when the deal closes.  On the balance sheet, inventory declined during the quarter by approximately $170 million to $3.4 billion. The quarterly decline in inventory includes a reduction of NOR inventory of approximately $200 million that has been classified as held for sale and is now presented under other current assets.  Total cash investments, comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ended the quarter at $14.9 billion, an increase of $2.3 billion from the third quarter. Net cash provided by operating activities accounted for the increase.  During the quarter, stock repurchases were $1.5 billion, capital spending was $1.3 billion, and dividend payments were $660 million.  As we turn now to the outlook for the first quarter and the full year, please keep in mind that unless specified, the forecasts do not include the effects of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after January 14th.  Consistent with our plan to close the Numonyx transaction in the first quarter, we have included NOR Flash in our forecast for consolidated results for Q1. However, our full year forecast does not include a forecast for NOR Flash for the rest of the year since we assume that the transaction will have closed in Q1.  I will use a midpoint of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue in the first quarter to be between $9.4 billion and $10 billion. The midpoint of this range would be a 10% increase compared to the first quarter of 2007 and a sequential decline of 9%. Although this is well within the wider historical range for the period, the decline is more than the average seasonal decline of 7%.  Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the first quarter is 56% plus or minus a couple of points. This is down two percentage points from the fourth quarter and is driven by new 65-nanometer chipset products that will not have qualified for sale in the first quarter and lower CPU units in the seasonally down first quarter.  Spending on R&D plus MG&A is forecasted to be $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion, 3% lower than the fourth quarter due to a reduction in profit and revenue dependent expenses.  In addition, in a separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expense of approximately $100 million.  Depreciation is forecasted to be approximately $1.1 billion. Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest and other income is a net gain of $175 million.  Looking ahead to the full year, we are planning for gross margin percentage to be 57% plus or minus a few points. The five percentage point increase from 2007 is due to lower unit cost of computing related products and, to a lesser extent, the divestiture of lower margin businesses.  R&D and MG&A is expected to be $11.4 billion, up 2% from 2007 as process development engineers transition from 45-nanometer startup activities to 32-nanometer development, causing a movement of spending from cost of sales to R&D, as we would typically see in the year following a process qualification.  We are targeting overcall capital spending at $5.2 billion plus or minus $200 million, up $200 million from 2007.  For research and development in 2008, we plan to spend approximately $5.9 billion, a modest increase from the $5.8 billion we spent in 2007 and inclusive of the approximately $200 million movement from cost of sales to R&D.  Depreciation for the year is forecasted to be $4.4 billion plus or minus $100 million, down from $4.5 billion in 2007.  The estimated tax rate for 2008 is 31%.  As Paul said, we exit 2007 with the strongest combination of products, silicon technology and manufacturing leadership in our history and the fourth quarter results reflect this leadership, as well as the progress the company has made towards improving cost and efficiency, resulting in an increase in operating profit of 105% from the fourth quarter of 2006. And although there is uncertainty in the global economy, we are planning for another year of growth where profits grow faster than revenue and where our investments in products, silicon technology, and manufacturing leadership continue to generate competitive advantage.  With that, let me turn it over to Kevin for Q&A. 
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Stacy. Akia, we’d now like to open the call for questions and answers. Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Wong of Wachovia. Please proceed. 
David Wong - Wachovia: Thanks very much. Could you help us understand your gross margin full year guidance please? Because you are saying that for the last three quarters of the year, you are not including Numonyx, so that actually helps increase gross margin somewhat. If you start off at 56%, are you reckoning roughly the same gross margin on microprocessors through the year or does it improve through the year?
Stacy J. Smith: Let me help you by doing a year-over-year comparison in gross margins going from 52% -- going from, sorry, 2007 to 2008 where you see a five point increase to the 57%. What you see there is that the unit cost improvements are the majority of the increase year over year. We do see some impact of the divestitures of the lower margin business but that’s frankly in the realm of a point or a point-and-a-half. So the vast majority of the improvement is the unit cost increase.  We are not giving a quarter-by-quarter forecast but you can kind of do the math and get to the first half, second half, understanding that the Numonyx transaction is expected to close in Q1 and is outside the forecast after that. 
David Wong - Wachovia: Right. One other quick one related to that then -- would you expect the percentage of your four-way server revenues as a portion of total sales revenues will rise through the year, enriching the mix in servers?
Paul S. Otellini: I would expect that quad-core will continue to grow as a percent of our Xeon shipments, yes. 
David Wong - Wachovia: But multi-processor versus duo-processor?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, we are just starting to ramp the Caneland version of the quad-core platform now, as I said in my comments, and that product is on a fairly steep ramp and we have new products coming in over the course of the year.  We began retaking our share in servers, in duo-processors over the course of last year, 2007, and now you are seeing us make some good in-roads back into the MP market. 
David Wong - Wachovia: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just kind of curious on the March quarter revenue guidance; the below seasonality after a Q4 that was also below seasonality, and also the prospect of you guys gaining share with some of your new product suites, is this a reflection of you guys being prudent relative to the macro environment? Or are you actually seeing forecasts from your customers that would indicate a below seasonal Q1?
Stacy J. Smith: Let me actually start this by stating what happened in Q4 and then I’ll segment into how we see Q1.  In Q4, what we saw was that the computing related products actually grew as we expected, roughly seasonally on the back of a very strong third quarter. So the computing related segment of the business came in as expected. The part that caused us to be a little bit below the midpoint was that the NAND pricing environment was quite a bit worse than we expected when we set the forecast for the quarter. As we go into Q1, there’s a variety of small factors, no one of which I’d say is significant but the combination of these has us a little bit conservative, a little bit cautious as we look at the first quarter.  We see that NAND pricing will probably continue to be weak, so that’s a piece of it. We had some supply agreements in place to provide supply to Marvell as part of the sale of our business to them. We saw some of that revenue go away in Q4 and more goes away in Q1, so that exacerbates seasonality a little bit. Based on what we see and economic indicators, we think it’s right to be a little bit cautious as we go into the year. And you’ve got NOR that’s in our results now for the first quarter. NOR tends to have exacerbated seasonality Q4 to Q1, so that moves our seasonality a little bit from what we thought.  So several small things, no one of which is significant but the combination of those has us a little cautious as we start the quarter.  You have to keep in mind it’s 10% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1 on top of 10% revenue growth year over year in Q4, so we think the business continues to grow. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Stacy, one thing you didn’t mention was just the PC revenue stream. Is that coming in about seasonal relative to these other adjustments? And I guess the other question would be did you see any cancellations at the end of Q4 that would make you more cautious about Q1?
Stacy J. Smith: The CPU business is [roughly] seasonal when you look at the unit volume that we expect in the first quarter. We saw demand grow through the fourth quarter. We didn’t see anything unusual in terms of cancellations and we didn’t see anything unusual in terms of inventory building up.  Our inventory is lower than I’d like. The disti channel inventory that we have visibility into is at the low end, so it all felt pretty healthy through the fourth quarter. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji. Please proceed. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Let me just start by asking about restructuring. Are we done with restructuring in 2008? And is there any way of characterizing the operational leverage we can get beyond ’08?
Stacy J. Smith: So we’re definitely not done until I close the Numonyx transaction, that’s for sure. When we embarked on the restructuring program, as we’ve discussed, it was envisioned as a two-year program. We are not providing a full year forecast for restructuring dollars but I think I can give you some directional comments.  I do expect that I’ll have some restructuring costs in the second quarter and I think it tails off to be a pretty small amount by the time we get into the second half of the year.  The big action left to happen for us is the closing of the Numonyx transaction. We’ve got a couple of smaller factory things going on but the lion’s share of what is left to do is closing the Numonyx transaction for us. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Just one more question; you mentioned Europe as being strong in the fourth quarter but we have picked up [reports], Dickson’s profit warning and some retail sales numbers in Germany, some slowing in Western Europe. Is there any way for us to characterize the channel inventory and just put it all in context as to what we could expect going forward? Because I mean, if Europe was strong in Q4, if you think we are seeing some slowing now so it is possible that from here onwards, we -- I know you are cautious in your guidance but can you just tell us what you are seeing with regard to specifically channel inventory in Europe and also in Asia? We’ve also heard comments about channel inventory building in Asia, so if you could just address that, that would be helpful. 
Paul S. Otellini: Okay, well first of all just on Europe, we had a very strong quarter in Europe. It was up 22% sequentially and our customer reports in terms of sales our there are very strong, and including the stuff we’ve received most recently in the first part of January.  So so far, we’ve not seen any significant signs of slow down in Europe or anywhere else, for that matter. There’s some bits and pieces of information out there, like the Dickson’s commentary that you mentioned, but I think we all haven’t really internalized what that may mean in terms of which vendors and which market share and so forth.  In terms of channel inventory, I can only speak to our inventory, our distributor inventory in the channel. On a worldwide basis, that’s in very good shape. It’s actually down a little bit from the prior quarter and that’s at a point in time when we are trying to replenish that with 45-nanometer product. So if anything, I’d like to try and get that up a little bit just like I would like to try and get our internal inventories up a little bit.  In terms of our customers and downstream inventories, I haven’t heard any problems. You should really ask them about that though. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. Just one last question, please; does the guidance for gross margins for the full year include an expectation that inventories will go up? And could you just tell us what level of inventory you are comfortable with?
Stacy J. Smith: You know, we get this question periodically, pretty much every quarter. We don’t give a forecast for inventory that goes out past the next quarter. For Q1, I am hoping to actually get a little bit more of the new products into inventory. We’ve qualified products on 45-nanometer, which is Penryn, so I’d like to have a little more headroom there and get ahead of the demand curve that we are seeing.  If I go out over the course of the rest of the year, it’s going to be dependent on a lot of different factors, so I won’t be able to forecast beyond Q1. But Q1 I would actually like to grow it a little bit.  I do see seasonal patterns in inventory, so you can kind of look at that and get an idea. I’m not seeing anything for 2008 that would lead me to be different than what you’d normally see of build ahead for the big selling seasons, but it’s too early to call. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good evening. Thanks so much. I would like to revisit the margin question and just understand relative to sort of the pro forma guidance for the first quarter. If I look like for like over the course of the year, we know there’s some positive impacts to gross margins, including mix shift toward higher end and what should be fully loaded factories relative to the inventory rebuild.  So what are the negative offsets to margins that are keeping the sequential guidance? I understand the year-over-year margin guidance is very -- or the margin improvement is strong but what are the negative offsets that are keeping the sequential margin guidance flattish as we go throughout the year?
Stacy J. Smith: So let me answer that. I’ll give you the insight I can into Q1 margin guidance but again, I’m not going to give out quarter-by-quarter margin forecasts. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: I’m sorry, just -- I don’t necessarily want a forecast but what are the negative offsets that are keeping the full year guidance from meaningfully higher than the Q1 guidance?
Stacy J. Smith: In Q1, what we see is that we have some product that we are building ahead on chipsets that will be pre-qualification. We see CPU unit volume being seasonally down. I think as I work my way through the course of the year, if I’m 56% in Q1 and I’m 57% for the year and I’ve got some of this that is a divestiture that’s to happen, what you see is actually a pretty flattish gross margin if you just kind of average it across the year at a reasonable rate.  So I’m not going to give you a quarter-by-quarter forecast but the improvement that we are seeing right now is based on cost and I think that cost improvement continues over the course of 2008. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: And I’m sorry, I’ll just ask one more time -- if the cost improvement continues and there should be positive mix shift, what are the things that are offsetting that for the full year?
Stacy J. Smith: As I look at the full year, I see some good news based on cost improvement, I see some good news based on divestitures. I don’t have negatives that are hidden in that margin forecast. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: So how come it’s not higher for the full year then?
Stacy J. Smith: It is the gross margin forecast that we have for 2008. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Stacy, can you comment on pricing? I mean, I’m just assuming that, you know, looking at your gross margin forecast, there are obviously some negatives as we move into the next few quarters. Is it all pricing related or is it mix related?  And given that you are so early into the 45-nanometer ramp, I would have expected you to see some more unit cost benefits and it looks like you are not going to see some, so I’m just curious as to what is going on there. 
Stacy J. Smith: We are not going to give a pricing forecast for the year. Our expectation as we start the year is that it’s kind of similar to what we’ve seen over the last couple of quarters. We have product leadership that helps inoculate us a bit at the high end and there’s competition that impacts us kind of the mid range of our stack and down.  But I’d say it’s pretty similar to what we’ve seen over the last couple of quarters and Paul talked about what we are seeing in the mobile segment as that becomes a bigger percentage of the business. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then as we move into Q2, obviously you are assuming that you exit the NOR business and historically, I think you did about flat to down 2% or so, so I’m just -- I don’t have a good idea as to how big your NOR business is and any thoughts on how we should model it for Q2?
Stacy J. Smith: In terms of gross margin?
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: No, just the revenues. 
Stacy J. Smith: Oh, in terms of revenues? We don’t typically break out NOR from NAND. We give you a segment for the memory business. We actually took away that segment this quarter in anticipation that the Numonyx deal would have closed and it actually becomes a much less important driver of our business.  If we still had that segment, so consolidated results for NOR and NAND, what you’d see from Q3 to Q4 is that revenue grew a little bit from 553 to 586. Paul gave you the elements of that. The NOR units are down a bit. ASP is stronger based on increase in density. We are seeing the NAND business ramping, pricing coming down. But I won’t break out the NOR results specifically there but in terms of the full year gross margin, once we’ve taken the Numonyx transaction and it’s closed, it’s a point to a point-and-a-half of gross margin for the year, for the rest of the year. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, guys. Stacy, just one last quick question on gross margins -- so if we strip the Flash effects, it looks like your Q4 of ’08 gross margin should be roughly similar to Q4 of ’07. So should we assume that this is your peak gross margin or could it go higher than that? Can you just comment on that a little bit?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure. It could go higher, it could go lower. I feel really good about the progress we are making on the cost side. I feel good about the progress we are making on divesting some of the lower margin businesses.  The key element that could cause it to be higher and could cause it to be lower is what is the pricing environment and that’s really a function of the strength of our product roadmap relative to competition. I think we are starting the year in a pretty good spot but that’s the thing that could swing it up or swing it down. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then as my follow-up, I know it’s pretty far out there but can you just comment on what you expect depreciation and start-up cost trends to do in 2009 versus 2008, either up or down?
Stacy J. Smith: No, I wouldn’t hazard a forecast for 2009. At the analyst meeting in March, we’ll give you, as we typically do, some longer term trends in terms of costs and where our capital is going and so you will be able to derive some of that, but I’m not going to do that now. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Looking at the mobility group, it looks like your notebook CPU business slowed a bit in its quarterly growth and year over year, but the operating income actually increased pretty nicely. Can you just give us a little color behind what’s happening there?
Stacy J. Smith: Sure, I’ll give you a little bit. You know, I think Paul gave you a lot of it actually in his speech, so if you look at the mobile processing segment, what you saw was double-digit unit growth. We continue to see the shifts towards mobility, but as notebook becomes a larger and larger percentage of the TAM and we expect a crossover point some time in 2009 where it’s -- you know, as it grows that you see it moving into emerging markets and more price sensitive segments of the market. And so that’s a little more competitive pricing that leads to unit growth that we think is very beneficial to us. So that’s specifically on the notebook processor segment.  You also see in that segment the impact of what I was talking about with the Marvell supply agreement. That started to come down a little bit in Q4. It will come down more in Q1 so that’s part of what’s driving our Q4 to Q1 seasonality.  And then on the positive side, you see a variety of things but the biggest single item is just the cost reduction we are achieving quarter on quarter. That drives the operating margin results in that segment. You had a little bit for some other issues like start-up costs coming down and things like that but the lion’s share of that is just cost improving. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So the ASPs in that segment came down mainly because of the mix? Is it fair to assume then that the ASPs in the server and the desktop side of things must have offset that to the positive to get that slack you talked about?
Paul S. Otellini: I did say that ASPs were firm and about flat, so you can do the math from that. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then I guess as a follow-up and somewhat unrelated, on the CapEx side of things, that rising year over year, can you just talk a little bit about where that spending is going to take place?
Stacy J. Smith: Well, what drives our CapEx spending is going to be the build-out of the 45-nanometer factory network. You’ve got a little bit of 32-nanometer actually in there at the end of the year. Again, I’ll show you more of that at the Spring analyst meeting.  You would expect in the year following a process qualification that you’d have a big year from CapEx spending. We actually see this number as being a little bit below what you’d normally expect based on the progress we’ve made in improving utilizations and efficiency. I don’t want to steal all the thunder because I’ll go through quite a bit of this at the analyst meeting but kind of hidden under the numbers here, we’ve increased the peak that we are building for in 45-nanometer and we are doing it with less capital than we originally anticipated. And I’ll show you some of that in a few weeks. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda of Banc of America. Please proceed. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Stacy, I had a question for you on the divestiture of the Flash business. Am I correct in assuming that there’s a benefit to SG&A and R&D which is reflected in your full year forecast, mainly in the last three quarters of the year? And how should we, if you can give any guidance, think about modeling the [one line] consolidation post the divestiture?
Stacy J. Smith: Yes, for all of the annual forecast numbers I gave you, it assumes that the NOR business is part of our consolidated results in the first quarter and then not part of the consolidated results Q2, Q3, Q3.  The impact of that is you’ll see the revenue come out, you’ll see gross margin get a little bit better, we’ve talked about that. You will see a minor impact to SG&A and then we’ll pick up on a one quarter lag the gain or loss from Numonyx, but it’s going to be outside the consolidated operating profit results of the company. So it will be in the EPS but not in the consolidated operating profit results. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay, good. And a quick follow-up; the factors you cited for your Q1 guidance being a little below seasonal -- weak pricing in NAND, the Marvell supply agreement, NOR seasonality, and then the economic forecast -- could you sort of break out or rank order the drivers for the impact versus a down 7% seasonally normal quarter?
Stacy J. Smith: Given that we are kind of inside a wide range of seasonality, albeit at the low end, you are getting into some pretty some impacts -- again, no one of which is super significant. It’s the combination of those that has me a little cautious as we start that first quarter.  So if you are asking is it concerns about the computing related segment that’s really driving that, it’s not. It’s a variety of factors, with macroeconomics being one of them but other more specific factors being part of it as well. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Stacy, you gave us guidance, full year guidance for gross margins -- what’s the underlying assumption about the PC industry that you have to help you to give that guidance? And within that, do you think Intel is going to be above or below that, or gaining share within that forecast?
Stacy J. Smith: I’ll actually kick that one over to Paul. 
Paul S. Otellini: Let me give Stacy a break here. We’re assuming -- well, let me back up. Most of the industry analysts have PC unit volume growing in the low double digits in ’08 over ’07. That is an assumption we wouldn’t argue with and that’s one that we are building our capacity plans around. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. All right, low double digits, okay. And then when you -- actually, let me ask this question and unfortunately, Paul, it’s for Stacy; the tax rate was a little bit higher than we thought. Can you give us the outlook for the tax rate in ’08 and what we should be modeling for that?
Stacy J. Smith: I think I gave you the tax rate for ’08 of 31%. What we saw in Q4 was a little bit of a shift, so we were a little higher than our forecast in Q4. It was a little bit of a shift to taxable income in higher tax jurisdictions.  You will see that the ’08 tax rate is quite a bit higher than 2007. You have to remember we had some one-time tax settlements in the first part of 2007 that has our 2007 rate pretty low. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Paul, I’m sorry, the other part of my first question was whether or not you thought Intel would be gaining share in your ’08 forecast. 
Paul S. Otellini: I don’t think I want to forecast that right now. We are -- I think our product line is solid and our capacity is, relative to our view of the market, unconstrained. So we’ll see how it sorts out over the course of the year. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers : Thanks. Stacy, in discussing the weakness of the NAND business the led you to be slightly below the midpoint of the guide, could you just frame for us what the impact was there and what’s the range of how much that may have been and how we may perceive that to be impacting the first quarter as well?
Stacy J. Smith: Well, I think you can do the math. I think I gave you all the pieces. In Q4, the computing related products and NOR Flash came in roughly in line with my expectations when I set the quarter. The miss was based on NAND and specifically the NAND pricing environment was quite a bit more challenging than we thought.  As we go into Q1, again that’s a variety of factors. NAND pricing is one of them that has us at the lower end of the seasonal range that we’d expect. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers : With respect to your OpEx guidance, it comes in for R&D and SG&A for the full year of calendar ’08 slightly above some of the street models in a period when you have been very focused on efficiency and cost reduction. Could you outline whether we should view those numbers as somewhat conservative and what the key areas of investment may be in terms of both R&D and SG&A?
Stacy J. Smith: I think that’s one I’ll save for the analyst day. We will go through in some detail the investment profile and investment in growth businesses versus core, so I’ll show you that then.  We are up a little bit year-on-year but we also have this reclassification that we tend to see every couple of years of R&D heads that move from getting the process into production, which was 45-nanometer, to now doing pure R&D on 32-nanometer. That really accounts for the increase that we see year over year. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann of Raymond James. Please proceed. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Thanks. I think most of my questions have been answered but just a quick one, just so we put it on the table before it comes up again later on in the week -- is there any double ordering whatsoever in your business that you can tell? 
Stacy J. Smith: Not that we’ve seen any signs of, Hans. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Thank you. 
Stacy J. Smith: We try to monitor this pretty closely. 
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: That’s good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lau of [Kessler]. Please proceed. 
John Lau - Kessler : Great, thanks. Paul, you’ve given us a lot of the data points and I wanted to recap what you said -- the lower-than-normal seasonality for Q1 is based upon a lot of different factors but you remain unchanged with regard to a double digit consensus thought process for what the PC growth rate would be for 2008, am I correct on that?
Paul S. Otellini: Right, and Stacy said I think pretty clearly that our view of Q1 is not being clouded by a pessimistic view of computing. 
John Lau - Kessler : And in terms of any other changes, I know you may have answered this but nothing has changed in terms of the fundamentals on the emerging markets or the U.S. to change your thought process this early in the year for that double-digit growth, is that correct?
Paul S. Otellini: That’s correct and if anything, I think this shift towards mobility continues to be one of the growth drivers of the industry and that is, as price points for notebooks come down, that tends to open up even more markets, on one side.  The other side of this thing we didn’t talk much about was so far in the call is servers. We had an outstanding quarter and an outstanding year for servers and servers and notebooks go hand-in-hand. The servers are building the infrastructure for the Internet and the enterprise and the notebooks are essentially becoming the clients to view those on. And the combination we think is very powerful and is not showing any signs of diminishing. 
John Lau - Kessler : And that leads to a final segue to my last question and speaking specifically on servers, your competition had indicated that they were constrained and that may have led to a favorable, more favorable pricing environment. Do you see that continuing in Q1?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, I don’t know what their plans are. We’ll hear a little bit more later this week but what we are finding is customers are very satisfied with the products we are shipping, both of MP and DP and our volumes are growing very, very nicely. And you saw very clearly in the last couple of years that when server momentum changes in one direction, it tends to move in that direction for some time. I think the wind is at our back at this point. 
John Lau - Kessler : Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis. Please proceed. 
Mark Lipacis - Prudential:  Maybe a question for Stacy -- at IDF, you guys showed a chart of forecasted microprocessor manufacturing unit cost by quarter, which I thought was quite helpful. Would you say that that chart is still a fair approximation of how you expect your microprocessor manufacturing costs to track for the year, or have your expectations and outlook for that cost structure changed? Thank you. 
Stacy J. Smith: We will update that chart for SAM that you’ll see in a few weeks, so I don’t think I’ll go through the year. If you look at what we are seeing in the first quarter, what you see is a slight increase in CPU cost as we ramp the 45-nanometer process that was exactly as we predicted at the Spring analyst meeting last year. It’s offset by the fact that our chipset cost is better based on a variety of factors but running full factories is certainly a part of it.  So yes, I think that the Q1 cost trend that we are seeing is directionally the same as what we showed you. We are starting the year with probably a little better cost momentum than I was anticipating and we’ll update that when we get to the spring analyst meeting in a few weeks. 
Mark Lipacis - Prudential:  Great, thanks. Very helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cody Acree of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks. The part of the mobile ASPs, obviously emerging market growth has been very strong. To what extent does the rapid growth of these emerging markets has any impact on your overall view in ’08 or maybe even into ’09 for PC revenue growth?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, it’s a bit part of it. I think that -- for example, this last quarter in Q4, Asia-Pacific and Japan hit both records. Now, Japan is not an emerging market but Asia-Pacific is a pretty good surrogate for that and sales in China continue to boom and I think with the Olympics coming on this year, it’s going to be even a better year for electronics in China. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess what I was trying to get to is do you get to a point where we are getting some diminishing returns where the mobile prices are falling so rapidly that we are not outrunning that unit growth?
Paul S. Otellini: No, I don’t see that happening, number one. Number two, mobile ASPs are still better than desktop ASPs no matter what you do here. They are always going to be above them.  And then I alluded to it in my comments, one of the things we are excited about is embracing this trend with a new product line aimed at this, which is aimed for lower cost notebooks based upon Silverthorne. And that allows us to take pricing down even farther, to take the bill of materials down for these machines lower and make very good margins because our costs are substantially lower than the existing products that we ship into these things.  So having a tailored product for ultra low cost notebooks, if I could invent that phrase, is a first for us and I’m very excited about it. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: And then lastly, Paul, you made specific remarks to macroeconomic concerns but it sounds like everything within the PC space is relatively healthy. Is there anything with the general electronics and technology that you can point to that you’ve keyed in on in the last few months that’s giving you specific pause? Or is it -- 
Paul S. Otellini: Well, actually I don’t think I said I have concerns -- I said I have the same caution that I think that everybody in America who watches CNBC has today. You hear all of the pundits saying that the world is going to go to a trash basket and you worry. It may be a self-fulfilling prophecy.  At this point though, we don’t see anything on the horizon. Our customers don’t see anything on the horizon. I was at CES last week talking to people from all around the world and we just don’t see it.  You have to remember that 75% of Intel's revenues are not in the United States and that’s where the bulk of the growth has been coming from. So if there’s a near term concern, I think it tends to be focused on the U.S. market, particularly on the U.S. capital markets, and our customers at least and we don’t see that bleeding over at this point in time.  It would be imprudent not to be cautious about it though. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Perfect. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Freedman of AMTECH Research. Please proceed. 
Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research: Thanks for taking my question. Paul, just to sort of dig into what you just mentioned a little bit deeper, would your plans change significantly if you did see macro effects start to hit your business, given the fact that it does look like you are spending more money and the R&D and SG&A spending also are calling for increases, when we had been under sort of more of a belt tightening mode?
Paul S. Otellini: Well, let me back up -- we’re not really growing our spending. Stacy talked about some structural changes in terms of dollars -- $200 million moving from cost of sales to R&D as we move from the natural part of the cycle of deployment of new silicon technology to R&D and the next generation of it. So that is the fundamental thing.  But with the exception of things like foreign exchange, our spending is fundamentally flat below the line and pretty much across the board in terms of the company.  We are on track to deliver that third billion dollars of overall structural efficiency program spending that we said we would do when we set the program in place a year-and-a-half, two years ago. We got over $2 billion this year and that third billion will come in -- in ’07, the third billion will come in 2008.  So I just don’t see it. 
Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research: All right, and then could you talk a little bit about, you know, you do have the operating model back with its legs underneath it here, spitting out some pretty nice free cash flow. Can you talk about some of the uses that you see using for that? Or how should we think about buy-backs versus dividends versus other uses of that cash? 
Stacy J. Smith: And this is where we never help you as much as you want in terms of specific guidance. In the fourth quarter, I think it’s pretty indicative of our strategy. We did $1.5 billion worth of buy-back. We raised the dividend. We paid the dividend, so you are going to continue to see us use both ways to return cash to the shareholders over time. And beyond that, I won’t forecast for you a specific buy-back level for 2008 or for Q1. 
Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research: And then if I could just focus in quickly on some product ramps that I think are important for the year -- the notebook ramp on Montevina, can you give us an update how that’s going and expectations there? Also, any update you could on your products targeting the graphics market. 
Paul S. Otellini: Let me back up -- on Montevina, it is not shipping yet. We are on target to ship and launch systems in Q2, mid Q2 timeframe. That looks very good right now. All the silicon is solid and we are in production on all elements of it. And I want to reiterate, we are in high volume production across over 30 microprocessors now in 45-nanometers, so that process technology is very strong, including the mobile products.  And the question on graphics please again?
Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research: If you could update us on product developments there and how that road map is looking, as you’ve mentioned Laramie in the past targeting that market. 
Paul S. Otellini: There’s two thrusts there. One is to significantly increase the performance of our integrated graphics line, our existing product line and you’ll see a bump in that product line in 2008 that takes the performance up substantially, and then a couple more bumps over the next couple of years. We are on track to deliver the 10X performance improvement in integrated graphics by 2010 and that’s in a fairly linear fashion from 2006 to 2010.  Laramie first silicon should be late this year in terms of samples and we’ll start playing with it and sampling it to developers and I still think we are on track for a product in late ’09, 2010 timeframe. 
Douglas Freedman - American Technology Research: Great. Thank you for the detail. 
Kevin Sellers: Thank you. We’re going to take one more question, if you could. Thank you. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Wu of Global Crown Capital. Please proceed. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I just have one question, Stacy; I think last quarter in the conference call, the first quarter assumption on X86 microprocessor was that since those products were produced in Q4 when the factories were full, the gross margin doesn’t take as much as big a dip as you normally would, offset by some additional 45-nanometer start-up expense. But it does look like your guidance is a bit lower than that. Is that a function of your fear on the NAND pricing situation or have things changed a bit on that theory that when you produce a product and it’s 90 days later, they become revenues. 
Stacy J. Smith: I don’t think we had forecasted the first quarter gross margin in the last call. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Well, there was talk about the first quarter that you should not equate the unit volume shipments in the quarter with unit costs, because unit cost is determined by the prior quarter production. 
Stacy J. Smith: So that relationship still holds. That’s part of the good news to costs that we are seeing in Q4. It was volume that we started to produce in Q3 as the factories ramp towards full. I think we are still -- you will still see the same phenomenon in Q1. It’s offset a little bit in the CPU space by the fact that we have a higher mix of 45-nanometer wafers coming out at the early end of that process transition. As we typically see, those are a bit more expensive wafers so that causes a slight increase. That’s pretty much exactly as we had showed you at the spring analyst meeting last year. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: How much does the pricing pressure on NAND flash come into your guidance for Q1 gross margin? 
Stacy J. Smith: It will be a negligible impact on the gross margin in Q1. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Thank you. 
Kevin Sellers: Before we close, what I would like to do, and thanks, David, for the question. I’m going to turn the time over to Paul for just some wrap-up comments and then Akia will close the call. Thanks. 
Paul S. Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. As we close out our call today I wanted to look ahead for just a moment. 2008 holds a promise of some significant milestones for Intel. First of all, it marks our 40th anniversary as a company -- 40 years of changing the world. In 2008, we plan to launch new products such as Canmore, targeted at consumer electronics, and Silverthorne, aimed at low-cost notebooks and mobile Internet devices. These products support our strategy to take Intel architecture and the technical breadth of 45-nanometers into new markets for Intel.  2008 will also see the advent of WiMAX enabled notebooks. Towards the end of ’08, we plan to launch Nehalem, our next generation microarchitecture which brings significant changes and enhancements to our processor product line.  Our results and position exiting ’07, coupled with our plans for 2008, give us optimism for another good year for the company. We look forward to sharing more of our results and plans with you as the year unfolds. We thank you all for joining our call today and we look forward to seeing many of you at our analyst day on March 5th and 6th here in Santa Clara. Good night. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-16 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Sellers - IR  Paul Otellini - CEO  Andy Bryant - CAO  Stacy Smith - CFO 
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse  Chris Danely – JP Morgan  Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Uche Orji - UBS New York Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch  Glen Yeung - Citigroup Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers  Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James  Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns  Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest 
Operator: Welcome to the Intel third quarter earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions) I will now handthe call over to Mr. Kevin Sellers, Intel’s Director of Investor Relations.Please proceed, sir.
Kevin Sellers: Thank you and welcome, everyone to Intel's Q3 2007 earningsconference call. Joining me on today's call are Paul Otellini, our ChiefExecutive Officer; Andy Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer; and Stacy Smith,our Assistant Chief Financial Officer.  In a moment we'll hear some brief prepared remarks from Pauland Andy. Paul will talk about the highlights of the quarter and add somecommentary bout the progress we are making to our strategic objectives. Andywill then provide more details on our financial performance in Q3 as well asthe business outlook for the fourth quarter. Following Andy's comments, we'llbe happy to take questions. As we begin our call, let me point out a few important itemsabout our earnings release today. First, we've posted our earnings release andupdated financial statements to our investor website, INTC.com for anyone whostill needs access to that information.  Also, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financialmeasures or references we will post the appropriate GAAP financialreconciliations to that website as well.  Lastly, a replay of today's call will be posted on ourinvestor website at around 5:00Pacific time and will remain there for approximately two months. Also, let me remind everyone that today's discussioncontains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currentlysee it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to ourpress release for more information on the specific risk factors that couldcause actual results to differ materially.  With that, now let me turn the call over to Paul.
 Paul Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. Thank you all for joining us today. In thethird quarter Intel turned in very strong financial performance as we enjoyedrobust demand for our leading edge processors and chipsets. Not only was demandstrong overall, but it strengthened as the quarter progressed. The marketstrength was broad based, cutting across all geographies and business segments.Additionally, our strong product lineup allowed us to hold microprocessor ASPsflat sequentially. A little over a year ago we laid out a three prong strategyto regain product leadership, leverage our world-class process technology andmanufacturing and restructure the company to become lean and efficient. We arepleased that our third quarter performance showed such strong gains inyear-over-year revenue and operating income, as this demonstrates thesignificant progress we've made in all three of our strategic objectives. Ourfocus going forward is to continue to improve on these pillars.  Now let me take a minute and review each of our majorbusiness units. First I want to comment on quad-core. We launched our first quad-coreprocessor in November of last year, and by the second quarter had shipped ourfirst million units. With demand for our quad-core products accelerating, weshipped over 2 million units in the third quarter alone. We now offer over 20unique quad-core processor designs.  In servers, we shipped a record number of units in the thirdquarter and enjoyed double-digit revenue gains over a year ago. We alsolaunched our first quad-core product designed for high end, multi processorservers which delivers twice the performance and three times the performanceper watt of our previous generation MP product. This introduction now completesIntel's transition to the core microarchitecture across all our product lines. In mobile, we continue to see a shift to mobility withrevenues in this segment growing greater than 30% year over year, and 20%sequentially during the quarter. We are pleased with the acceptance of ourSanta Rosa platform and our Centrino brand continues to be widely accepted asthe brand of choice for notebook PCs. In the desktop, both our consumer and corporate desktopproducts had very good performance this quarter with increases in units, ASPs,and revenues quarter over quarter and year over year. vPro, our brandedplatform offering for corporate desktops, is ramping extremely well and offerstruly unique and compelling value for IT managers.  In chipsets we had a record unit and revenue quarter. As thequarter progressed, we saw chipset orders strengthen and we enter Q4 withconfidence of a strong demand environment.  Our flash results improved sequentially. The NAND businesssaw an increase in revenue driven by increased densities, offset by lower unitvolumes. Our NOR business saw higher volumes, but lower ASPs. Moving on to technology, I want to highlight a couple ofthings. First, we continue to be very pleased with the execution of ourmanufacturing network and its ability to respond rapidly to the demand upsidewe have seen. Our network of factories remains a strong source of competitivedifferentiation for us.  Second, we have announced that on November 12 we will belaunching a new family of products based upon our break through High-k metalgate 45-nanometer process technology. We are excited about the advances we'rebringing to the market with this new process and believe this will extend evenfurther our technology leadership.  In addition, we've demonstrated working silicon of our nextgeneration Nehalem microarchitecture which is booting multiple operatingsystems and is scheduled for production in the second half of 2008. I would like to close with a mention about the unique valueof our platform strategy and what it brings to our customers. vPro is our PCplatform designed for corporate environments. We recently launched our secondgeneration platform called Weybridge for this segment and we are very pleasedwith its ramp and acceptance. The vPro platform is a terrific example of thebenefits we bring by offering our customers higher levels of integration. Bycombining processor, chipset and LAN we now have the ability to truly solvebusiness problems for the user; in this case, the IT manager.  Security, manageability, and virtualization are most robustwhen implemented through an integrated platform. We are delighted with theprogress of our platform strategy as it continues to create incremental revenueopportunities for us and deliver increased benefits to end users.  Let me now turn the call over to Andy for a detailed look atour financial performance as well as our business outlook for the fourthquarter. 
 Andy Bryant: Thanks, Paul. Higher revenue and improving productivitycombined in the third quarter to produce exceptional growth and profits. Therewas a marked acceleration of year to year growth in revenue and unusually highseasonal growth. Gross margin was higher both in absolute dollars and as apercent of revenue. Spending continued its downward trend as a percent ofrevenue and operating profits were up more than 60% from both the secondquarter of 2007 and the third quarter of 2006. Earnings per share for the sameperiods grew by 41%. We are expecting sequential revenue growth again in thefourth quarter and also double-digit year-to-year growth.  With lower unit costs, a successful ramp of the 45-nanometermanufacturing process and good demand for our products, gross margin in thefourth quarter should be nearly 5 points higher than the third quarter and wehave raised our forecast for the full year.  Revenue for the third quarter was $10.1 billion, upapproximately 16% from the second quarter of 2007 and 15% from the thirdquarter of 2006. The sequential growth in revenue is more than double theaverage increase for this period in the last ten years, and the highestsequential growth for any quarter in the last ten years. In the last month ofthe quarter we saw particularly strong growth in chipsets and Flash memory. Total microprocessor revenue for the quarter grew at aboutthe same rate as total revenue. The total number of microprocessor units was upfrom the second quarter to a new record, and the average selling prices wereflat. Unit volumes of chipsets and Flash memory products were higher than inthe second quarter and unit volumes in motherboards were lower.  Revenue was up approximately 20% from the second quarter forthe mobility group, and up 12% for the digital enterprise group with higherrevenue for microprocessors and chipsets in the desktop, notebook, and servercomputing segments. The Flash memory group achieved sequential growth ofapproximately 12%, primarily due to growth in revenue from higher density NANDmemory products. Gross margin percentage of 52.4% was more than 5 pointshigher in the second quarter. The key components of the change were largely aswe anticipated in July. Higher unit volumes and lower unit costs formicroprocessors and lower startup costs for new manufacturing processorssubstantially improved the gross margin percentage.  Offsetting this were the inventory write-offs we took as weramped a new 45 nanometer process and built products that did not qualify forsale in the third quarter and therefore could not be classified as inventory.  We had expected overall average selling prices to be down alittle bit in a competitive environment, but these were held flat. Gross marginpercentage was about 0.5 point below the midpoint of the September update. Whileunit demand and overall pricing for microprocessors was better than anticipatedin September, demand for chipsets and Flash memory during the month, andparticularly through the end of the month, also exceeded expectations and grewat a faster rate than microprocessors. The result was a product mix with ahigher than expected proportion of products with margins lower thanmicroprocessors.  The impact of the increase in revenue was about the same asthat in the change in mix. In addition, we sold more high end products withindesktop processors and within chipsets, resulting in a higher average cost perunit. R&D and MG&A were approximately $2.9 billion; higherthan the second quarter and higher than our outlook. Most of the sequentialincrease came from R&D on the 32 nanometer manufacturing process, andhigher revenue in profit-dependent expenses.  In a separate category from R&D and MG&A,restructuring and asset impairment charges were $125 million, following chargesof $82 million in the second quarter. As a percent of revenue, spending thisquarter is down 1.5 points from the previous quarter and more than 3 pointsfrom the third quarter of 2006. For the year-to-date, spending as a percent ofrevenue is down nearly 6 points from 2006. The number of employees is down by more than 2,000 duringthe quarter to approximately 88,000. The lower headcount is a sequential decreaseof more than 2% and a year-to-year decrease of nearly 12%. Operating income forthe quarter was approximately 22% of revenue, about 7 points higher than boththe previous quarter and the quarter a year ago. Operating income was 33% ofrevenue in the mobility group and 26% of revenue in the digital enterprisegroup. On the balance sheet, total inventories were down from thesecond quarter by approximately $600 million, or 14%. Raw materials, work inprocess, and finished goods were all down, with the biggest change in work inprocess. The level of inventories is lower than I would like given the currentoutlook for demand, capacity utilization and the ramp of the 45 nanometerprocess, my goal is a small increase in inventories in the fourth quarter. Total cash investments comprised of cash, short terminvestments, and fixed income trading assets ended the quarter at $12.5billion, $2.3 billion higher than the second quarter. Higher net cash providedby operating activities accounted for most of the increase. The largest uses ofcash were for capital spending of $1.1 billion, dividend payments of $650 million,and stock repurchases of $750 million. As we turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter, pleasekeep in mind that unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effectsof any acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may becompleted after October 15. I will use the midpoint of forecast ranges inmaking comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue to be between $10.5 billion and$11.1 billion. The midpoint of this range represents year-to-year growth of11%. The growth from the third quarter of 7% would be at the low end ofhistorical patterns for this period, following an unusually strong sequentialgrowth in the third quarter.  Our outlook for gross margin percentage in the fourthquarter is 57%, plus or minus a couple of points. Most of the increase ofnearly 5 points from the third quarter should come from two major categories. Thefirst is lower unit costs for microprocessors, chipsets, and Flash memory whichwill account for the largest portion of the improvement. The second is productqualification for the new manufacturing process where we expect a higherportion of production spending to result in parts valued as inventory.  Spending for R&D and MG&A in the fourth quarter isforecasted to be approximately $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, flat with thethird quarter. In addition, in the separate category for restructuring andasset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $130 million. Weexpect to continue to incur charges as we restructure to improve financialperformance. These charges are likely to vary quarter to quarter and to declineover time. For the full year, we are raising our outlook for grossmargin to 52% plus or minus 1 point. We have increased the outlook for the fullyear for spending on R&D and MG&A. R&D is now forecast to beapproximately $5.8 billion and MG&A is forecast to be approximately $5.3billion. Plans are to reduce headcount again in the fourth quarter byapproximately 2,000 employees. Total headcount by the end of the year shouldapproach 86,000 down from 94,000 at the end of 2006.  The outlook for capital spending remains $4.9 billion, plusor minus $200 million. The outlook for depreciation is also unchanged at $4.6billion, plus or minus $100 million. Our forecast for the effective tax ratefor the fourth quarter is 29%. The results for the year-to-date, combined with our fourthquarter outlook point to a year with revenue that is approximately 9% higherthan 2006, capital spending that is 16% lower, spending that is 5 points loweras a percent of revenue and the operating profit that is nearly 50% higher. Theresults reflect excellent progress and our determination over the lastyear-and-a-half to become more competitive and more productive.  While proud of what employees have achieved, we are alsomindful that the business remains competitive, the economy is always uncertain,and we have more work to do in the year ahead to deliver on commitments to ourstockholders.  It is imperative that we stay focused on our priorities. Theresults announced today do not mark the end of recovery, but are a milestone ina larger program. We are building a foundation that will enable us to continueto deliver continuing improvement with better products, more innovativetechnology, and leadership in costs.  With that let me turn it back to Paul.
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Andy. Just one more thing I'd like to cover beforeturning it to questions. Today we are announcing that Stacy Smith is beingpromoted to Chief Financial Officer. Stacy has been our Assistant CFO and hasbeen at Intel for 19 years with a career spanning finance, sales and marketing,and information technology. At the same time, Andy Bryant is being appointedChief Administrative Officer with Stacy reporting to him.  These moves are part of our long-term management successionplanning. Andy has been our CFO since 1994 and has been our longest-serving CFOever. We want to thank him for his outstanding results and look forward to manyfurther contributions in his new role. 
Kevin Sellers: Thanks, Paul. Operator, we'll now open up the line forquestions and answers.
Operator: Your first question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
 John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Paul, when you saw ASPs flat sequentially in the quarter,was that a change in the competitive environment, a change in the product mix,or a little bit of both? What is your outlook for pricing as we move into thecalendar fourth quarter?
 Paul Otellini: I thinkit's a reflection of the product portfolio more than anything else. You sawrecord numbers in servers, you saw record numbers in mobile, the two hottestparts in the marketplace; and you saw, if you derive the numbers, anincrease in average selling price in desktop, which really reflects thestrength of the core brand on the dual and quad-core processors.  One of the things that Andy talked about in his margincomments was that our mix in desktop processors towards quad-core over thecourse of the quarter actually improved, which drove costs up a bit, but alsodrove revenue up.
 John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: If you look at the suite of products that are coming downthe pipeline, the sweet spot that you're going to hit with Penryn and Nehalem.If the pricing environment improves, oftentimes you guys have seen grossmargins well above 60%. Is that something we can look forward to as we gothrough the balance of calendar year '08?
 Paul Otellini: I don't think we're in a position to forecast '08 margins.We'll do that three months from today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely – JP Morgan. 
 Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Congratulations on a very good quarter. Paul, there's been a lot of talk out thereabout softening demand in Q4 out of Taiwan and double ordering and tripleordering, and who knows, maybe even quadruple ordering. Can you just give usyour sense on the overall demand environment right now and are you concernedabout any sort of component stocking out there?
 Paul Otellini: I have read those reports, but we sure haven't seen it inthe marketplace or in the requests from our customers. One of the things thatwe were particularly pleased to see was the strengthening in the chipsetbusiness over the quarter, particularly the second half of September. Chipsets,as you know, tend to lead microprocessors in terms of purchases because theyget put onto a motherboard before the processor does and the lead time tends tobe four to ten weeks, depending on the customer and the transit type that he'spicked. So my view is that people would not have continued to buyand demand chipsets for our microprocessors at that rate if we'd seen aslowdown coming or people were trying to do panic buying. So no, we've seen nosigns of this. We saw strength in Europe. We saw recordin Asia Pacific. Good solid results in Japanand the United States;so it's pretty broad based with no sign of abatement.
 Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Now that the cash position is rebuilding, can you talk aboutuses of cash and can we expect to see a little bit more aggressive buybackhere?
 Andy Bryant: As a matter of policy we don't comment on the future levelof buybacks. We do have a $16 billion program that's been authorized that we'reoperating under. If you look at the third quarter, what you saw is that we didincrease the buyback to $750 million. In addition, we paid a dividend of about $650million, and on top of that we grew the cash level by $2.3 billion. I won'tcomment specifically on Q4, but our strategy is unchanged of distributing cashto the shareholders via a combination of both buybacks and dividends and that'swhat you saw us do in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: The first question I had was back to Q3 gross margins. Iunderstand your point about a big jump in growth in chipsets and Flash whichare lower margin products. I am still trying to reconcile a little bit versusthe original guidance, your revenues actually came in $700 million higherversus the midpoint of the original guidance. Is all of that upside in revenuesoffset by a more diluted mix or is there more of an explanation to this thanyou offered up earlier?
 Andy Bryant: It will be a pretty simple explanation. If you look at therevenue growth from Q2 to Q3, it came almost in normal mix, the same mix as wehad in Q2. But as a result, even though I have shipped 500 million moremicroprocessors and I got higher revenue for those, I also shipped 300 millionmore of the lower margin products and the margin percentage hasn't changed; absolutemargins does. On $1.4 billion of revenue increase, you pick up $1.2 billion ingross margin improvement.  As you've seen in the past in these periods, when revenuespikes it only spikes in processors which tends to give you a mix benefit. Soall we saw this quarter was basically an even distribution of growth in all thepipelines. We saw the good news we expected in lower startup costs and we saw alittle bit of bad news offsetting that with the write-offs on the 45-nanometerproducts that aren't yet qualified for shipment.
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: On that last point, was that drag as anticipated? I thinkyou had said it was 1 to 2 points of a drag.
 Andy Bryant:  At the end of thequarter we said 1 to 2 points there. It was almost in the very middle of the 1 to2 point range so no change at all. In fact, if we look at our midpoint of 57%in the fourth quarter, that's 3 to 4 points of lower unit costs and 1 to 2points of improvement for the evaluation on the 45-nanometer products.  We are seeing the full factories, but the full factoriescosts are coming down much better than I anticipated even three or four monthsago, and that is driving 3 to 4 points of margin improvement in the fourthquarter.
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: The improvement that you talk about on gross margins, thebulk of it you attributed to lower unit costs, is that also being aided bybetter fab loading? Is that engrained in that reduction in unit costs?
 Andy Bryant:  In the fourth quarterthat's a big part of it, because we typically carry around 90 days ofinventory. You can almost say what you build in Q3 is what you're going to shipin Q4. We know what we're building now is full factories; full factories aredriving costs lower. We are also getting some efficiency out of the program welaunched, so the manufacturing folks are doing a wonderful job of getting moreoutput per person, more output per machine. The combination of those thingsabsolutely is giving us a wonderful cost per unit surprise in the fourthquarter.
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities:  A question on ASPs.You talked about the strength in mobile servers, higher ASP products, and thenhigh-end desktops. Why was there not an actual sequential improvement in ASPs?Is the strategy here to try to get as much volume while keeping the ASPs flat?
 Paul Otellini: As I talked about last time, we're trying to be smart andselective about the business we take and we executed that, I think, very wellover the course of this quarter. If you do the math, desktop ASPs are up anddesktop is where much of the ASP erosion in the last year, year-and-a-half hadoccurred. So the fact that our mix there was generating better pricing I thinkwas really something we liked.  At the same time that happened, we walked from a lot of lowend business on the desktop and the notebook at prices that we just didn'tthink made sense to us. So you'll see us continue to take, I think, a veryselective approach to this.
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: I understand the comment that you repurchased $750 millionworth of stock, but it didn't seem to offset the dilution in the quarter. Isthe plan to be perhaps a little more aggressive going forward given thebuilding cash balance?
 Paul Otellini: Again, I'm not going to give you a forecast for Q4. We didbring up the buyback in Q3 and our strategy is to return cash to shareholdersvia both buybacks and dividends. You're going to see us continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: You mentioned inventory being at a level below where you arecomfortable with now. What is a normal level of inventory you want to get to? Thereason I ask this question is if I look back at 2005 when you said to rebuildinventory, so this time around the first question is, what is a normal levelfor you and how do you prevent overshooting on the upside?
 Andy Bryant: I wish there were a simple answer to normal. What inventoryneeds to be varies depending on prior transitions and varies depending on thequarters you are coming into. Right now we have a product transition. We told youat the analyst meeting earlier this year we hoped to build a little extrainventory which you always do in case your products don't qualify. So I wouldliked to have had a little cushion for that. At the same time, we know that thefourth quarter is typically our high revenue quarter. I would have liked tohave had extra inventory for that.  The simple answer is I'd like more in the back half of theyear, a little less during the first half of the year and I'd like to get throughmy product transition comfortably from one generation to the next with a littlebit of cushion. In terms of how do we ensure we don't overshoot, I can'tguarantee you that. I said a few minutes ago our blueprint time in ourfactories, it's not 90 days. We reduced it a fair amount, but it's still afairly lengthy process. Given you're making revenue forecast for six months out,particularly in the strong demand environment you have to err a little bit onthe upside.  So I can almost assure you that if the market softens, wewill end up with extra inventory and then we will patiently and systematicallywork it down to a level we're comfortable with. It's better in this business touse your fixed assets and have a little extra inventory than to go short toyour customers.
Uche Orji - UBS: Just on a different topic, if I look at digital enterprise,the operating margins in digital enterprise were very strong this quarter and Iknow you've talked about quad-core and many other factors driving that. If youhad to break it down between units, mix, and maybe market share gain, where doyou think the biggest upside to operating margins in digital enterprise camefrom?
 Stacy Smith:  This is Stacy. Thetop line for the digital enterprise group it was very strong. We saw unitsstrong, as Paul mentioned; we saw ASP up a bit. We saw costs come down a bit inthe third quarter so that all added to the operating margin improvement.  In addition, we saw their spending drop a bit. Some of thestartup costs associated with 45 nanometer dropped and some of their portion ofthe spending on next generation process technology came down. So you really sawimprovement across the board. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Are these levels which you think will be sustainable over thenext 12 months? I know it's difficult to say with any amount of exact figuresas to what things will be like, but should we expect this operating marginslevel for digital enterprise to be at least sustainable, all things being equal,for the next 12 months?
 Andy Bryant: We don't typically forecast operating margin going forward.You can look at the overall improvement in gross margin from Q3 to Q4 where weadd another 5 points of gross margin improvement. I think you can take fromthat that we're expecting pretty broad based general business improvement, butI'm not going to break it out between digital enterprise group and the othersegments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
 Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Andy, just a clarification. On the mobility group, revenueswent up quite a bit yet the operating margin declined. I'm just wondering ifthis is all pricing or if there is something else there?
 Andy Bryant:  Why don't we letStacy take that one? He's in the digital enterprise and knew this one wascoming.
 Stacy Smith:  Two sides of the samecoin. Let me explain the other side of what's happening in the segments. Andy,you will have to bear with me. The mobility group story is a little bit morecomplicated than the digital enterprise story.  The first effect that you see is that we've shifted ouradvertising from core 2 based advertising to Centrino advertising, so they'renow picking up a fairly large bill associated with the advertising costs.  You can see in our results that the chipset volume wasexceptionally strong in the mobility segment, so you see a little bit of a mixeffect because those chipsets carry an overall gross margin percent.  The third thing that's happening in the mobility group isthe offset to what's happening in the digital enterprise group. As mobilitygrows as a larger percent of our total business, they now are attracting alarger amount of spending for next generation process technology, for example,and those kinds of things. The fourth effect, and the least effect frankly in thatgroup, is that the ASPs were down a little bit quarter on quarter. So you havethose four things that all hit the mobility group in the third quarter.
 Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Just a follow-up tothat, given the ramps at Santa Rosaand the strong demand, I would have expected ASPs in the mobility to be morestable than down. I'm just curious as to what's going on there?
 Andy Bryant: I think this is coming back to the point that Paul made.While our product strength is leading to a very good overall result of flatASPs, there are still segments of the market that are very, very competitiveand I would say the low end segment of the notebook market is one of those.
 Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Paul, clearly this year is unusual compared to your historicseasonal trends and my question is, is there something structurally changingabout the business that we are going to see this pull in from Q4 into Q3 goingforward? Or any insight that you can call out as to why we are seeing such astrong Q3 this year versus previous years?
 Paul Otellini:  No. We don't see thatat all and I don't think there's a pull-in. I would not at all categorize it asthat. We saw demand building over the course of the quarter, that's theopposite of a pull-in. I think the overarching thing we're seeing is thatnotebooks as a generic product type have really ignited in markets around theworld. That was the principal reason we think we saw such strength in Europe. One of the things you're going to see that is inevitable isthat as notebook volumes grow, notebook prices will come down, particularly inthe consumer segments. In the grand scheme of things that's good for us,because while they're still coming down from where they were, they're a heck ofa lot better than where the desktop is. Having a secular long-term growth innotebooks I think is the best thing for our industry right now.
 Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Well, if that trendis going to continue then why wouldn't you see a normal Q4, is my question?
 Paul Otellini:  Well, we're forecastinga Q4 which is at the low end of seasonal norms and it's inside the normal rangeby definition. The low end tends to happen in those years when we see a betterthan average Q3. So it's very identical to prior patterns.
 Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Andy, you said yourheadcount is going to come down again in Q4. Does that mean your OpEx will comedown as well beyond Q4? I'm just looking for modeling purposes.
 Andy Bryant:  What we said for thefourth quarter was OpEx was flat as we saved some money through the efficiencyprogram, through resources, at the same time we expect higher revenue andhigher profit-dependent expenses. The real answer is what we've said is wewould like to see spending probably trail revenue, trend towards flat to up alittle bit next year. That's what we would look at right now.  Our plan is not done yet. We need to get that done. That'sour bias going in. We'll see what projects come forward and if we want tochange that, we'll let you know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: It looks like you've got headcount down to 88,000 going to86,000 employees. When you originally announced the headcount, I think thetarget was closer to the low 90s. Are you actually expecting more headcountreduction than you originally had planned?  The follow-on to that is you talked about $1 billion insavings for '08. Is that number going to be a higher number as a result?
Andy Bryant: We would expect headcount to be a little bit lower than we originallyplanned. Note when we began this program -- actually, I probably should letStacy take this -- when we began this program we were on a two to three-year program.We only gave you a headcount number for about halfway through. So we did expectto continue to drive it lower. It was included in this expected $1 billionsavings for '08. We think we're essentially on -- maybe a little ahead -- interms of headcount reduction.
 Stacy Smith: I would just add overall in terms of the restructuringnumbers we gave you at the beginning, we had said $2 billion of savings andefficiencies for 2007 and another $1 billion for 2008. The headcount trend ispretty much right on, maybe a little bit ahead, and in general we're on trackfor that level of savings by the end of next year.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: One other statement that you made, I think at the springanalyst day, was talking about unit costs for 2008 looking flattish. I thinkyou gave us a chart, not numbers, so it was kind of hard to tell; buteyeballing it, it looked flat to slightly up in 2008 versus 2007. Now thatyou've seen the '07 back half of your unit costs look a little bit better, isthere any change to that unit cost outlook for '08?
 Andy Bryant:  There may be butthat's a tough one to get to right now. What I would tell you is in Q4, becauseof the loadings in the factories, I think it's a little lower than what we hadsaid. What we had said in the analyst meetings in the first quarter it wouldspike up a little bit because the cost of 45 nanometer wafers in the beginningof the ramp would be higher and then they would go back down in the back halfof next year.  I think we'll see the same pattern. If the factories stayfull, we'll just see it off of a lower starting point. So Q4 would be a littlelower than we expected. You'd still see a little bit of round up in the firsthalf and right back down in the second half.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: No change in the relative magnitude, in other words, right? Lowerstarting point but the magnitude of increase in the first quarter is largelythe same?
 Andy Bryant: Well, really I haven't modeled those, so I don't want tostart making up numbers here on the call. I will say the same direction. Idon't want to speak to magnitude.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: When you look in your fourth quarter, Andy, you suggestedthat inventories would be slightly up. Do you think you will be back at levelsat which you're comfortable at that point, or do you think they actually needto move higher still?
 Andy Bryant:  Assuming we meet themidpoint of our revenue range we will be below our comfort level.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: After Q4, below the comfort level of inventories?
 Andy Bryant:  Yes.
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Congratulations, by the way, on all the promotions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Nice job on the quarter and congratulations to Stacy andAndy. Just to follow-on with respect to elements that may influence the shapeof the margin expectation in the beginning of the first half of '08, could youjust remind us, Andy, of some of the elements there? Obviously you seem to besuggesting that the cost per unit may be up a bit in the beginning of '08, butcould you just give us a reminder of some of the gross margin framework thatyou'd outlined?
 Andy Bryant: Let's begin by saying I'm not giving a gross margin forecastfor the first quarter yet, but the thing I want you to be careful about in theassumption you just made, when I showed that cost curve, it says costs per unitproduced will go up in the first quarter. It doesn't mean cost per unit soldwill. We have this 90-day inventory funnel so what you build in one quartergets sold in the next, and I expect Q4 to be a very good cost-producing quarter.It means in the costs of sale line you'll see it rising up more towards thesecond quarter as opposed to the first quarter. The second most important thing for our costs would be whathappens with demand? If our factories stay full it will be a good cost year. Ifit is overheated and if it slows downsome, then it changes. I can actually build a case it can go lots of differentways. We are looking at the sale of our NOR Flash business. If that happens, itwould help margin percentages.  We're going to continue to drive product technology,continue to improve our road map. Those things all tend to help. The mostimportant variable though, to keep watching is the worldwide economy. I reallywant to emphasize worldwide. We tend to get focused on the U.S.retail and how did the Christmas season do? In our business now, that's muchless important than how the worldwide economies are performing.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: With respect to that, Paul, you talked about the U.S.Do you see any difference between U.S.consumer, U.S.enterprise in terms of the way you've seen demand?
 Paul Otellini: No, we haven't. In fact, I think there was a lot ofnervousness associated with the credit market crunch and would that impactconsumer spending? We really haven't seen that at all. I don't know if you guyshave seen the San Jose Mercury but there's a wonderful survey they did todaythat people rate for Christmas. They ask for Christmas, what is the number onething you want? PCs trumped happiness and peace.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  With respect to theNOR disposal, could you just remind us what the date is for that and how weshould model that in terms of inclusion and exclusion?
 Stacy Smith: The expectation is that we close it in Q4. In terms of howto model it, again the elements that will change is you'll see the NOR revenuecoming out, the associated cost of sales coming out, spending will get a littlebit better and then we pick up our piece of the gain or loss from the companyas an interest and other charge.  The expectation that you should model is once this closesit's 1 to 2 points of gross margin. Right now, the thing we're waiting on isafter we see it, we have to file our response and then we hope to get good newsback.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  But the revenue guideincludes a full quarter of NOR?
 Paul Otellini:  Yes.
 Stacy Smith:  What you see in Q4 ismodeling that it's here for the full quarter and we're working like heck to getthe deal done.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Lastly, just on thisgross margin, it is a significant uptick, but does that assume that pricingcontinues to stabilize or are there different elements of the assumption forASPs there?
 Andy Bryant:  As always, we assumea relatively competitive environment out there. We plan to sell our product andcompete in the marketplace. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: The strength that you're seeing recently Paul, without Andyhaving reported yet, of course, how would you constitute it? A strong generalmarket for PCs versus market share gains, even if it's only in the markets youreally choose to participate in?
 Paul Otellini:  Well, given ourrelative position I have to conclude it's a strong general market.
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Have you seen any change in the competitive dynamic outthere, whether it be in your ability to cherry pick the markets because of yoursuperior products or any strategic shifts out there that you're seeing?
 Paul Otellini: Well, the biggest shift in the last six months certainly isour ability to participate very aggressively in servers. I mean, the fact thatwe have record server unit numbers is a very good leading indicator of Intelback in its game across the board. Servers have always been a very goodbusiness for us and I think we're outgrowing the industry right now, so this isgood.  As we look forward, one of the reasons we are developingfamilies of products like the ones I showed you at the analyst meeting calledSilverthorn and the follow-on products is so that we can address these ultralow price points with very good margin products.
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: A slightly related question; there are a lot of worries outin the market similar to some of the other questions that you've alreadyanswered about excess MPU processors being shipped into the market versusoverall PC demand. Clearly, the strength that you've seen now addresses some ofthose, but channel inventory as a whole, have you seen that coming down inaggregate? It appears there wouldn't be a ton of Intel inventory, but ingeneral, what comments do you have on channel inventory?
 Paul Otellini:  You mean finishedunits? Finished systems?
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Correct. Microprocessors,motherboards, whatever stage of the completion you want to talk about.
 Paul Otellini: All we can look at is our inventory, particularly ourdistributor inventories and they're in very good shape. In fact, I'd like tohave a little bit more inside than outside if we had them. In terms of theinventory at our customers, I think you have to ask them what their positionis. We don't see any backup at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hans Mosesmann - RaymondJames. 
 Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: At this pace, quad-core is in a mix of desktops. What do youexpect the mix to be a year from now? Right now it's probably in the lowsingle-digits, low double-digits, as a percent of your desktop shipments?
 Paul Otellini:  Well, that's a demandquestion. The supply can be almost anything we want it to be. So it really is afunction of how the demand grows at certain price points and what thecompetitive environment for quad or for things greater than 2 core are. Rightnow we see quad tending to populate the price points for microprocessors thatare sort of 150 and above, and that tends to be a double-digit percent of themarket but not 50% of the market.
 Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James:  So, like a quarter ofyour business or less?
 Paul Otellini:  I'm not going to letyou tie me down that closely; I can't. Because part of this thing iscompetitive modeling, part of it is how the demand shifts over the year.
 Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: The timing of chipset sales, strong sales in September, doesthat give us a sense that Q1 visibility is improving in an unusual fashion atthis time of the year?
 Andy Bryant:  I wouldn't go thatfar. The same thing Paul said earlier. When you see strong chipset sales forthe last two weeks of the quarter, it means the motherboard manufacturers arepreparing to meet demand in the fourth quarter. It's certainly a better signthan if they were sitting on the sideline.
 Paul Otellini: Our chipset attach rate, the percent of our processors thatend up getting an Intel chipset has been going up over the second half of thisyear, driven by the shift in mobility and the success of vPro. That dynamic isinside this as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns.
 Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Do you think mobility is describing a step function increasein PC unit growth, given the strength you have seen in Q3 and Q4? How long isthis going to last, or does the strength in Q3 and Q4 just make you a lot moreapprehensive about Q1?
 Paul Otellini:  Well, I'm notnecessarily apprehensive about Q1. At this point it's too soon to call it, butI would be surprised if it's other than seasonal. I'll give you two datapoints. The first is that most of the third-party analysts are stillforecasting a growth next year, 2008, in the sort of 12% to 14% range. Second of all, wecontinue to track onto a projection that we gave you at the analyst meeting ofIntel mobile unit shipments crossing over desktop unit shipments in 2009. I think that both of those dynamics areworking to our advantage still.
Operator: Your final question comes from Joanne Feeney – FTN Midwest. 
 Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Just a question to finalize the discussion of ASPs, and thena quick follow-up. You remarked that ASPs in desktops were up; notebooksslightly down. Can you tell us about the server ASPs?
 Andy Bryant:  We're not going to gothrough all the detail on ASPs.
 Joanne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Just on capacity and your ability to further ramp production,I'm wondering if the forecast for next quarter of about 7% revenue growth mightreflect some capacity utilization topping out you have right now and yourconcerns about raising inventory back to comfortable levels. Is it just toocostly at this point to try to push capacity a bit further to do better than 7%and raise your inventory back up to comfortable levels?
 Andy Bryant:  No, it's not a costissue at all. The strength of the third quarter was above what we expected. Aswe said we were lower on inventory levels than we would like. We're currentlymeeting our customer commitments for Q4, but if demand is significantly abovethe range that we're expecting we'll be hard pressed to go above it from thestandpoint of exceeding the revenue range.  So not a cost issue. We're just moving as fast as we can tokeep up with the market.
Kevin Sellers:  As we wrap up thecall, I want to turn the time over to Paul briefly for some closing comments. 
 Paul Otellini:  Thanks, Kevin. Inclosing, I want to say that while we've made great progress on our strategy todeliver new and exciting leadership products, to leverage our manufacturing andsilicon processing leadership and to restructure the company, we're notstanding still. We're well along in our development of a robust 32-nanometertechnology and have demonstrated our next generation, Nehalem microarchitecturejust a couple of weeks after we saw First Silicon.  These demonstrations are proof that our tick-tock strategycontinues its relentless march, allowing us to push innovation forward in newand exciting ways. I want to thank all of you for joining our call today. Goodevening.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-17 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul Otellini - CEO   Andy Bryant - CFO   Kevin Sellers - IR 
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup   John Lau - Jefferies   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Chris Delaney - JP Morgan   Hans Mosesmann – Moors & Cabot   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America   Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch   Uche Orji - UBS   JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2007 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Kevin Sellers, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Kevin Sellers : Thank you, Melanie and welcome, everyone to Intel's Q2 2007 earnings conference call. As we begin our call, let me remind you of some of the important information about our earnings that are posted on the investor website, intc.com.  First, we posted our earnings release and updated financial statements on the site for anyone who still needs access.  Second, a replay of today's call will be posted there at around 5:00 Pacific time and will remain there for approximately two months.  Lastly, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations there as well.  Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini and Chief Financial Officer Andy Bryant. Paul will be reviewing the highlights of the quarter and add some commentary on the company's execution. Andy will then provide more details on our financial performance in Q2 as well as the business outlook for the second half. Following Andy's comments, we'll be happy to take questions.  As we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we see it today and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  With that, let me hand it over to Paul. 
Paul Otellini : Thanks, Kevin and thank you all for joining us today. In Q2, Intel delivered another quarter of solid financial results, reflecting both our product and technology leadership and continued gains in our operational performance. Orders strengthened and revenue came in above the midpoint of our expectation.  In addition, our restructuring efforts led to strong growth and operating profits which were up 26% from a year ago. We are particularly pleased with the execution of our factory network, which continues to deliver world class yields, lower unit costs and faster throughput times.  While demand for computers was strong, pricing remained competitive, notably in the low end of the PC marketplace. Our technology leadership did give us relative stability in the server and performance notebook categories, however. Let's take a minute to review the business in our major product areas.  In servers, we continued to see strong acceptance of our Xeon Quad Core processors as unit shipments doubled in the second quarter. We have now shipped over a million Quad Core server processors since our November launch. In total, our server units and revenue were up by double-digit percentages both sequentially and year over year. Later in the third quarter we will bring the benefits of our core micro architecture to the MP segment for the first time with the launch of our Caneland platform.  In mobile, revenues were up by more than 20% year over year. We launched our Santa Rosa platform, which has more than 230 design wins around the world and continues to ramp quickly. Mobile represented 40% of our client shipments in Q2 and we will continue to benefit from the market shift to mobile in the second half.  Desktop unit demand came in higher than seasonal with strength across the board while revenue was lower on a year-over-year basis. Intel's channel business remained strong and grew in a seasonally down quarter, ending the quarter with inventories that were lower and well within our goals. We also launched a new desktop version of the Core 2 Extreme yesterday, marking the introduction of Intel's 14th Quad Core microprocessor SKU.  In chipsets, we had an all-time unit record with sequential growth across desktop, mobile, and server. This reflects the competitiveness of our road map and generated strong bookings for Q3, giving us further confidence in a solid second half demand environment.  We also launched our 3 series chipset family which supports today's Core 2 Duo and Quad processors, but also provides socket compatibility for Penryn, giving the industry a fast migration path to our 45 nanometer microprocessor family.  Our flash results were mixed. The NAND business saw a nice jump in units, densities, and ASPs, but NOR demand was weaker than we expected, resulting in some margin pressure that Andy will describe shortly.  Turning to technology, I am very pleased with the results we are seeing in our development and manufacturing teams. We remain firmly on track to ramp the world's first 45 nanometer logic process in the second half of this year and ship a broad family of 45 nanometer processors by the end of the year.  Our manufacturing organization is delivering faster factory throughput times, higher yields, and improved equipment utilization. As a result of their efficiencies, we are now able to lower Intel's 2007 capital spending forecast by about $600 million without compromising our ability to service a growing computing industry.  There are a number of benefits that we derive from our throughput time reductions. We have reduced Intel's pipeline inventory by several weeks, enabling us to meet customer demand with lower inventory on hand. We are able to iterate new products more quickly, decreasing the time to healthy silicon. Lastly, shorter throughput times allow us to start new wafers closer to the time our customers need the output, giving us truer demand signals and a better ability to respond to a changing mix.  This is just one good example of the results we were looking for when we launched our structure and efficiency review last year. As these projects are combined with our technology and product leadership, we've become a leaner, more competitive and more agile company.  In summary, Intel delivered solid financial results in a competitive environment. We grew revenues above our expectations and we grew profits at a healthy pace compared to the same period last year. As we look out to the remainder of this year and into the next, we see our product and technology advantages continuing to provide differentiation and meaningful opportunities for growth.  Let me now turn the call over to Andy for a detailed look at our financial performance as well as our business outlook for the second half. 
Andy Bryant :  Thanks, Paul. Despite the competitive environment in a season when results are typically subdued, Intel returned to year-to-year growth during the quarter with higher revenue and higher operating profit. Revenue was up 8% for the second quarter of 2006. The microprocessor business delivered double-digit revenue growth, led by notebooks and servers.  Microprocessor and chipset revenue for notebook computers were each up over 22%. While pricing trends and manufacturing start-up costs weighed on gross margin, operating income grew by 26%. Inventories were lower than at the end of the second quarter of 2006 and the first quarter of this year.  Tax items during the quarter added $0.03 to earnings per share. We are forecasting sequential and year-to-year growth in the third quarter and foresee an improving second half with strong product and the launch of the 45 nanometer process. We expect margin improvement through the end of the year.  Revenue for the second quarter was $8.7 billion, down 2% from the first quarter and consistent with seasonal patterns. The total number of microprocessor units was up slightly, and the average selling prices were lower.  Unit volumes of chipsets and flash memory products were higher than in the first quarter and unit volumes in motherboards were lower.  Revenue for the digital enterprise group was down 2% from the first quarter, primarily due to lower revenue from desktop microprocessors and the divestures of some communications businesses, partially offset by higher unit volumes at servers and chipsets.  In the mobility group, slightly lower revenue from microprocessors was offset by higher revenue from chipsets, and total revenue was approximately flat for the first quarter. Gross margin percentage of 47% was approximately 3 points lower than the first quarter. Lower average selling prices of microprocessors, chipsets and flash memory and lower sales of previously written-off microprocessor inventory lowered the percentage, net of the incremental contributions from higher unit volumes and lower unit costs for microprocessors.  Although revenue was higher than the midpoint of the range we forecasted in April, gross margin percentage was below the midpoint. While unit demand for microprocessors exceeded our expectations in April, average selling prices for microprocessors, chipsets and flash were below our forecast and the market for NOR flash memory was weaker than anticipated.  R&D and MG&A were approximately $2.6 billion, in line with the forecast and approximately flat with the first quarter. In addition, we had restructuring and asset impairment charges of $82 million, following charges of $75 million in the first quarter.  Again, this quarter the progress we have made in cutting expenses is most apparent in the year-to-year comparison. Spending for R&D and MG&A is down approximately 15% from the second quarter of 2006. As a percent of revenue, spending during this period has declined by 8 percentage points. The number of employees is down by more than 12,000 or 12%, to 90,300.  The provision for taxes in the second quarter was unusually low due to a number of items primarily related to the reversal of previously accrued taxes for transfer pricing and R&D tax credit. The provision in the first quarter was also unusually low as it includes a reversal of previously accrued taxes of approximately $330 million related to a tax settlement.  Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.22. The tax items added $0.03 to earnings per share.  On the balance sheet, total inventories were down more than 5% from the first quarter. Raw materials, work in process and finished goods were all down. Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments and fixed income trading assets ended the quarter at $10.2 billion, $1.6 billion higher than the first quarter. Net cash provided by operating activities was higher during the quarter and net cash provided by investing activities was lower.  Capital spending was $1.3 billion, dividend payments were $650 million, and stock repurchases were $100 million.  As we now turn to the outlook for the third quarter, please keep in mind that unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effect of any acquisitions, divestures, or similar transactions that may be completed after July 16. I will use the midpoint of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue to be between $9 billion and $9.6 billion. The midpoint of this range would be an increase from the second quarter of 7% and growth year to year of 6%.  Our outlook for gross margin percentage in the third quarter is 52% plus or minus a couple of points. While lower average selling prices in a competitive environment and higher write-offs in advance of the 45 nanometer process will reduce profits from the second quarter, we expect the impact of lower start-up costs for new manufacturing processes, lower unit costs for microprocessors, and higher unit volumes for microprocessors and chipsets to result in a net gain of 5 points.  Spending for R&D and MG&A in the third quarter is forecasted to be approximately $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion, slightly higher than the second quarter. In addition, in the separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $150 million. We expect to continue to incur charges as we restructure the company to improve financial performance, but we do not have a full-year forecast for this category.  For the year, we are maintaining our outlook for gross margin of 51% plus or minus a few points. As we have discussed before, manufacturing start-up costs for the year were concentrated in the first half and will decline substantially as we approach the launch of 45 nanometer. The results for the first half when gross margin was 48.5%, combined with the outlook for the third quarter and the year, point to a gross margin for the second half between 52% and 54%.  We have increased the outlook for spending on R&D by $100 million and now forecast $5.7 billion for the full year. The forecast for spending for MG&A remains $5.1 billion. We have cut capital spending target for the year by $600 million and now forecast $4.9 billion plus or minus $200 million. The largest portion of this reduction comes from capital efficiencies from a range of projects, including more efficient use of tools and a better yield. Our forecast for the effective tax rate in each of the remaining quarters of the year is 29%.  Our first half results have set a firm foundation for the year and Intel appears to be on track to deliver increasing returns. Our business remains competitive, but it is essential that we focus on the right priorities. Those priorities, which remained unchanged, are deliver products that customers find compelling; to execute superbly with the ramp of 45 nanometer technology; and to attack costs on all fronts from the factories, in R&D and MG&A.  With that let me turn it over to Kevin for Q&A. 
Kevin Sellers : Thanks, Andy. We'd now like to open the line for questions and answers. We'll take as many as time will permit. Go ahead. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Glen Yeung - Citigroup. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: When I look at the guidance that you've got for the third quarter revenues, yes, it is in line with normal seasonal, but it only reflects 6% year-over-year growth. I wonder if you could explain why you think the year-over-year growth rate is decelerating from what it was in the second quarter? 
 Andy Bryant:  Well, it is easier to explain how the third quarter relates to the second quarter, relates to the first quarter. If you look at the second quarter actual results, it is at a little bit of the better end of the high end of seasonality, but within what I would call historical ranges. That's where we have pegged Q3 again and probably right in the middle of a seasonal third quarter.  We do believe that the worldwide economy is relatively strong. We didn't see anything unusual by geography. The product families all look relatively healthy. I think we're just positioning ourselves for a seasonally stronger second half. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  Let me move on to the way you look at gross margins. I know you made the point that it is going to be helped out by lower start-up unit costs, higher volumes. What are your thoughts with respect to pricing in the third quarter? and I wonder if you could be specific on both microprocessor, but also what you're seeing on flash given that it seemed to hurt you in the second quarter? 
 Andy Bryant: Well, I will do the best I can. Why don't I start with a high level explanation of gross margin Q2 to Q3, and then we can talk a little bit about the pricing environment.  If you look at the improvement of 5 points, it comes from a variety of places. We do expect unit volumes to be up. We also expect average selling prices to be down a little bit, and we expect unit costs to be down. If you take all three of those categories and say those are kind of microprocessor operating items, you get almost 3 points of good news of gross margin quarter to quarter.  The fact that you don't have the start-up costs, obviously you don't have as much in start-up costs in the third quarter versus second quarter, there is almost 2 points of good news in margin.  You also have an extra point of what I will call miscellaneous items. For example, because we're selling the NOR flash business depreciation got suspended, so there is no depreciation in the third quarter. It makes margins a little better. An extra point of a lot of little things like that. The negative offset is as you begin to build the 45-nanometer product that's not yet qualified for sale, you can't put those costs in inventory, so we will have a bit of a drag on the build of product that isn't qualified for revenue until the fourth quarter. That's 1 to 2 points negative.  Now, as far as the pricing environment. It was a more competitive pricing environment than we thought in Q2, and we expect it to continue to be somewhat competitive which is what you're seeing in our margin outlook for the year. We believe the best defense against the competitive price environment is better product.  If you look at what's happening with us the last year, you've seen better products quarter by quarter by quarter. You've seen improved product differentiation, 45 nanometer coming out; the Penryn product family, as Paul talked about. So what you're seeing is Intel's commitment and focus to making our products better and better and better which is the best defense we have in a competitive pricing situation. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Andy, is the pricing pressure the same now as it has been all year? Is it getting worse or getting better? 
 Paul Otellini:  I would say it is different, Glen. It is much more targeted now at the low end of the desktop and even a little bit of the notebook marketplace, and a year ago it was higher in the stacks in many areas. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup:  That's helpful. Thanks, Paul. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lau - Jefferies. 
John Lau - Jefferies: Paul, I was wondering if you can give us your comments with regards to your outlook on demand? Where do you see the growth opportunities going forward that would surprise you? Are you anticipating an even stronger launch for Santa Rosa in Q3? Where can we see this upside and strength? Is it in the emerging markets? Just a little bit of color on that. Thank you. 
 Paul Otellini:  Sure. When you say growth opportunities, I am assuming you mean the second half of this year, not long term. 
John Lau - Jefferies:  That's correct. 
 Paul Otellini: You're right. As Andy said, we saw strength in the second quarter across the board. It was essentially in all geographies, in all segments of the market in computing space. As we talked about in NOR flash there was some softness from a demand standpoint and pricing pressure.  But if I stick to computing, I think what we're likely to see in the second half of this year is an expansion of that. I see particular interest in notebooks. You're right about Santa Rosa. It is off to a great start, and I would expect the volume to continue the transition very rapidly from Napa to Santa Rosa.  We're seeing very good progress on our Quad-Core Xeon DP server products that I talked about. We're now sampling Caneland which is our first core-based micro architecture platform for MP, for multi-processing servers, and that goes into full production later this quarter. We would expect to see expansion from both mobile, globally, and servers globally and inside the segments, MP presence in servers. 
John Lau - Jefferies: Now with regards to the pricing pressure that you mentioned, I assume that most of that was in the desktop area. Do you see as you continue to emphasize more of that mobility and the Quad-Core version of the server market you will be able to mitigate some of that downside? 
 Paul Otellini: One would hope so, although the low end of the consumer notebook market is very competitive as you've seen, obviously, if you walk through the retail shelves nowadays. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: First question is high level. If you look at where you were at the beginning of the year and you look at where you are now, it seems like you've increased your lead both on the manufacturing side and product side, yet pricing still seems fairly aggressive, even to the point where it seems to have surprised you a little bit. Help us reconcile as to any guess as to why that is? 
 Andy Bryant:  We expected a competitive pricing environment most of the year. I agree it was a little more aggressive than we thought in the second quarter, but not much compared to our expectations. We know that AMD will continue to sell parts, we know they'll continue to sell aggressively. Our intent is to continue to protect and build share if we can. Our intent is to bring better products to the marketplace and as Paul said, focus on the high end where we think we'll have less competitive pressure. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: On another area, the stock buyback, your peak was over 3 billion, and we've been pretty steadily trending down now to about 100 million. Is there any point in which you start to step that up? Is it just a function of the stock price or is there something else going on there? 
 Andy Bryant:  We do stock buyback probably a little different than most. We do meet on with our board quarterly, we talk about strategic projects, we talk about cash reserves. We set a cash target, we protect the dividend, we pay the dividend and then buy backs are almost a drop off from that equation; not exactly, but close.  If our business continues to generate cash either we have to come up with some really good ideas fast or you would see us start to buy back some more. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Chris Delaney - JP Morgan. 
Chris Delaney - JP Morgan: Can you just talk about the inventory trends? Your inventory came down by about eight days. Did that have anything to do with the lower margin? How should we be looking at utilization rates in the second half of the year? 
 Andy Bryant: No, I don't think it had anything to do with margin. I understand your point. Clearly a little bit, but in reality let's think about inventory. Inventory down over $200 million, part of that was we shipped more product. We said unit demand was higher; but part of that was the improved throughput. So if you can think back to the analyst meeting when Bob showed that we were getting throughput improvements, that allows us to stage less inventory and raw material in the factories, so I can save inventory there, and we aggressively focused on that in the second quarter.  The second thing is the capital came down because of improved efficiency. Improved efficiency means either higher yield or higher time on equipment. If you can have more good product come out of what you put into that factory again, you don't have to have as much inventory in WIP to satisfy the same demand.  All of those things were in play to try to make sure we saved inventory if we could. No question, if I were to start more wafers I would have absorbed more spending, I would have made my Q2 number look better but at the same time then I would have had a higher cost one day when I had to get rid of the excess inventory. So we think we're doing the right thing, and yes you're right; there is some small connection between the two.  As far as the trends, I would expect inventory in the third quarter, I think flat is a good target in a quarter with increasing revenue. I would like to see that. Another piece I would point out to you is if you look at all of our inventory, our inventory in the channel came down which is unusual in a second quarter. So again, a lot of good things happened to keep inventory down in the second quarter.  The next question was under-utilization charges. We did have some in the second quarter. When we started the quarter we told you we expected none. We had some in the flash network as demand was weaker there. We also had some in the 8-inch logic network; nothing in the 12-inch network for processors or chipsets. Looking to Q3 I would say we probably have a little bit in the older networks, nothing in the newer networks. 
Chris Delaney - JP Morgan:  In the yearly gross margin guidance, are you guys assuming some continued problems on margins from the NOR Flash business? 
 Andy Bryant: Am I anticipating it? First, no. If anything I think it gets boy, I hate to say a little better, but let's say a little better. Because of the weakness in the second quarter we had some reserves, we have a high unit cost because we had less full factories, we had the under load charges, I think we've gotten the business resized right where we want it so we shouldn't see extraordinary bad news. I would say business as usual through the back half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Hans Mosesmann – Moors & Cabot. 
Hans Mosesmann – Moors & Cabot:  Thank you. Paul, why did desktops do a lot better than expected? Is this a result of Vista? Is it market share gains? Is it demand you were going to see in Q3 that got pulled into Q2? Can you explain? 
 Paul Otellini: The principal upside we saw in desktops this quarter was in the channel, and as Andy pointed out and I think I mentioned in my comments too, our channel sales were actually up sequentially this quarter in a seasonally down quarter. The bulk of our products sold through the channel is desktop product which principally is non-U.S., non-Western Europe markets. So if I were to say one large chunk of upside was in the emerging market desktops.  Secondly, we increased our business in some of the low end segments of the desktop business at the OEMs. Going forward since that is so competitive, we're going to be very selective about what business we take there from a margin perspective. 
Hans Mosesmann – Moors & Cabot: As follow-on, if you can give us a sense of ASPs in notebooks and servers in the quarter: were they up, flat, down? 
 Paul Otellini: I don't think I want to go farther than what I said, which was that we saw strength, that our technology position in those two segments allowed us to somewhat offset the pricing pressures in the low end of the PC market. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America:  Good afternoon, guys. Andy, a question for you. The 45 nanometer product cost that you expect will have an impact on gross margin, help us understand if that's not normally incorporated as part of your start-up cost projections earlier on in the year? 
 Andy Bryant:  No. The start-up costs are the costs incurred before you begin production. When you have what I call prequalified production costs, the odd part of our accounting is until I can be relatively sure I can sell the product or the product is going to be good, we don't value it, so it ends up going as a period cost.  However, if the product we build is good, we will sell it in the fourth quarter so we'll be selling from previously reserved material is my guess. Again, that's just making sure you don't value product you can't sell, and we just haven't crossed those hurdles yet.  This is pretty typical with the new process. You go back over the years, you'll see every second year or so we end up with one quarter where we have a bit of a dip in gross margin followed by the valuation quarter where you get a pretty good uplift. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America:  I can't remember if you quantified this earlier in the call, but did you quantify how much this particular factor is impacting gross margin? 
 Andy Bryant:  What I said was it is 1 to 2 points. 
 Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: The other question I had for you, Paul, you commented on the pricing and you said it is a little different, it is relegated to the low end value desktops and some parts of notebook. But as you look forward, are you expecting an environment where there is some pressure in Q3 commensurate with what you saw in Q2 because at the end of Q1 when you reported first quarter you sounded more optimistic about the pricing environment. 
Paul Otellini: I think we've got two trends here, as Andy pointed out. One is the continuing competitive nature of the low end of the PC marketplace. Offsetting that in places where our technology lead is really gaining some significant traction, differentiation in the marketplace.  So obviously we're trying to move as fast as possible towards a product mix that reflects the latter. At the same time there is still a big chunk of the market out there that lives in that very competitive space. We have built the integral of that into our forecast in terms of what we expect for the second half. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: First, on your NOR flash business I am wondering, is there an attempt here to maybe focus a little bit more on profitability? Did you walk away from some business this quarter? 
 Andy Bryant:  No. We would have taken almost any business that moved in this quarter. We're still very aggressively pushing parts and trying to sell. It is just that our end markets were softer than we expected. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Secondly, looking in particular at Penryn, smaller die, more output, when you think about latter part of this year, first part of next year, do you worry at all about the ability to absorb that output and keep utilization up without stacking up inventory? 
 Andy Bryant:  I don't believe that's a problem certainly in the latter part of this year and the first part of next year. As we always do, we adjust factories, take old factories off line which allows you to put part of the parts that was being built there into the new factories as you go forward.  So if you look at the factory loadings today, we are pretty comfortable that the factories stay full. There will always be some disruptions. You may have a quarter where you have a month or so that you have some under loading, but in general the factories are planned pretty well to what we see as demand. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch: Can you maybe give us a slightly longer-term look at how you're targeting operating expenses? I am interested in maybe whether there is some kind of 2008 target in monetary or percentage of revenue terms? 
 Andy Bryant:  What we have said is we would like to have minimal, if any, growth in OpEx for next year, so we're trying to keep a tight lid on it. Will it grow some? It could. We haven't done our plan yet. We haven't looked at the project list yet, but the intent is let's continue to find one more year's worth of efficiency savings to fund our growth, if at all possible. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch:  That's the whole year '08 against the whole year '07 number, that's how I should think about it? 
 Andy Bryant:  Yes, sir. 
Joseph Osha - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: I wanted to get some clarity as to how you intend to address the low end which remains competitive, and reconcile that with margins. The question here is, are you able to manage both or are you going to be willing to cede market share in the low end in the interest of preserving margin? 
Paul Otellini: Well, that's a real time equation Uche. You've seen us walk the line there and I think you will see us continue to walk the line in terms of what we're going after secularly. We have no intention of walking away from any segment of the computing market. That's why we spent quite a bit of time explaining our thrust towards lower cost products designed for the low end, low powered, low cost segments of the marketplace in the last analyst meeting.  As those products come online in 2008, that gives us a significantly lower cost structure than we have today to go after these markets in an increasingly profitable fashion. So it would be crazy to walk away from them and then to try to jump back in. You will see us continue to engage where we think it makes prudent sense and leave some stuff on the table where it doesn't. 
Uche Orji - UBS: On the manufacturing side you've had so much efficiencies and we've seen your CapEx come down and congratulations for that. But let me just understand if I look at 45 nanometers as that starts to ramp, should we expect these efficiencies to continue and what kind of picture does that create in terms of how we should think about CapEx and sales on an ongoing basis for Intel? 
 Andy Bryant:  Well, we'll certainly continue to focus and drive on efficiencies. But if you ask me do I think I have another rabbit in my hat to find another $600 million savings this year? No, I don't think so. I would think of the savings we've got in this efficiency program as pretty much what we'll get for a specific generation, but every new generation leaves me, if I can maintain the improvements I've gotten, it gives me essentially $1 billion per generation forever.  So I am trying to make sure we protect the savings we've gotten. Will we find some ways to extend it? Sure, we'll find some more ways, we'll find some more efficiencies, but I don't think it is going to be a big effect on capital this year. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest: A quick question for you about the ASP decline. I know you have answered a number of these, but could you enlighten us on the role of the increasing ramp of the chipset? Is that figuring into that ASP decline? Is it partly a mix shift there? 
 Andy Bryant: Not in the ASP decline we're talking about. Clearly, if you look at the gross margin percentage, chipsets don't have quite as high a margin as microprocessors and as they grow faster, there will be a bit of a mix effect, but what we've been talking about we've been pretty much focused on the microprocessors being down. So yes, there is a bit of an effect for chipsets. It is not material in terms of the explanation. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest:  Not in terms of the gross margin decline then, just a bit? 
 Andy Bryant:  No. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest: So the mix shift primarily was towards the lower end of the desktop and that's what primarily dragged down the ASPs? Is that right? 
 Andy Bryant: Well, it is certainly what Paul said before, price competition at the low end of the PC including low end retail type laptops. 
 JoAnne Feeney - FTN Midwest: Then on the CapEx side, your improved efficiencies are enabling you to drop that down by $600 million. Is it also the case then that you're able to run the fabs at higher capacity utilization? Is that an implication that we should draw from this lowered CapEx level? 
 Andy Bryant:  A little bit, yes. Again, it is not a big number, but when you're talking about a factory that costs $3.5 billion to $4 billion, small improvements mean more dollars. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Thank you so much. Just on the NOR side, just to go back to that, when you're saying that you feel that margin wise it may be business as usual, should we then think that the operating loss level will be broadly similar in the second half to the way they were -- that $280 million to $290 million level -- that it was in the first couple of quarters or should we be thinking about a change there? 
 Andy Bryant:  Paul, we're not making a segment forecast for cash for Q3 and Q4. What you should be thinking of is we'll continue to fight for revenue. This is on the NOR side, what you're seeing is NOR and NAND combined.  NAND, you will see us continue to fight for revenue. You will see us continue to try to protect and grow that business. We are trying to form a new company with it. We don't want to decimate it. The accounting will make it a bit odd.  Remember in the NOR business once we've agreed to form the new companies and sell assets to the new companies, accounting then stops depreciating those assets, so you are actually going to see some good news because you will have less costs because of less depreciation. The spending will be pretty constant, and again, the revenue will determine how good we are at finding customers. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Also, just on the inventory side, in describing your expectation of being fairly flattish through the coming quarter, given the sort of seasonal fourth quarter ramp, isn't that fairly unusual for you to keep the third quarter inventory flattish? How should we think about framing expectations there or your comfort level in terms of the inventory levels? 
 Andy Bryant: With a forecast of inventory flat, if I can maintain flat that says we have continued to improve inventory efficiency and usage, so there is work I still have to do, we still have to do, in order to maintain that. I would expect it to grow in the fourth quarter, but I would like to see us continue to focus on the gains we've gotten in throughput, continue to take those to the bottom line in terms of inventory control which will mean more revenue with no more inventory. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Lastly, just for Paul, on the service side, I was wondering if you would give some color given that you have quite a broad product ramp and the competitor also has a new product coming out at some point in the second half and just your expectations for maybe the market demand, but also how you figure ASPs may begin to trend there in that arena? Thank you. 
Paul Otellini:  Well, I think the overall trend in server ASPs is likely to be one where they erode a bit, principally driven by the market shifting from MP-based servers to DP-based servers over time; or more precisely, DP out growing the MP section of the market so it becomes a higher percentage. The DP server chips from us and others sell for substantially less than the MP server chips just like the systems do.  Part of this is you have got a mix shift inside of servers towards DP that had been accelerated by the introduction and ramp of the Quad Core DP, which essentially a cheap eight-way system, and I really think that trend, along with virtualization in the data center are really the large secular trends to watch over the second half and even into 2008. 
 Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: With any type of marginal revenue expectation that we should be aware of? 
Paul Otellini: I suggested earlier that I think that one of the reasons we're optimistic about the second half in the numbers we've given is the expansion that we expect in mobile and in servers. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys. With your yields as strong as they were this quarter, with throughput up, pretty decent unit volumes and maybe a surprise in the decreases in inventories, internal and external, are you incrementally a little more comfortable in that second half gross margin expansion? Or is any of that breathing room just simply being offset by pricing? 
 Andy Bryant: I always say I have more comfort in my second half, only because I was comfortable with how Q2 came out. No one has even asked about the Q2 margin, but if you look under the covers, what you find is the gross margin percentage for the microprocessor business was as expected, and flash took the company down a point. So given I have that data point behind me, given the information you just described, I am more comfortable with my cost forecast. We have a seasonal second half. I am pretty comfortable with that. I am more comfortable with that second half margin, yes. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: With AMD's Barcelona, with your upcoming Penryn, I think others have mentioned you really should both have somewhat of a more respectable product offering. Do you believe that there is more of an equilibrium that some of your OEMs are going to push you and AMD toward, that you start to get some real diminishing returns on this pricing battle back and forth that you guys both have had? 
Paul Otellini:  I think that the overwhelming issue for our customers is how they compete with each other in the marketplace, and to me that means particularly in the segments where the high performance matters. In the professional notebooks and the server space, not having the best product is a huge penalty in terms of their ability to gain market share or sell product.  So I look at the relative product lines of us versus others in the second half of this year and see us in those segments much stronger. Therefore, I think that it is in our customer's best interests to be able to use our products simply because it helps them sell against each other. The alternative is that they will be selling a product with less performance potentially at less price, but that equation doesn't fly as well in the performance-oriented segments of the marketplace.  In these two particular segments, DP servers and professional notebooks, it is not just performance that matters, it is the power efficiency. You will see us extend our lead in power efficiency from where it is today over the second half of this year as we bring out the 45 nanometer based products.  I feel pretty comfortable that if they intend to do well in the marketplace they are best served in these performance-based segments using Intel. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets. 
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: With respect to the NOR flash business, are you in a position to provide us with any sort of enhanced detail with respect to how that will affect your operating model into 2008? 
 Andy Bryant: No more than what Stacy has already communicated, but I can reiterate. We would expect revenue to be down when that business is sold off. We would expect gross margin percentage to be up, it could be 1 to 2 points. We would expect spending to be down a little bit, and our share of the gains or losses of that newly formed company likely come back to us in the gains and losses from investments, so it basically says probably the bottom line doesn't change much in the short term, the operating lines of the P&L are a bit improved. 
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets: You sound very confident in this particular call about introduction of your 45 nanometer parts later on in the year. I was wondering if you would be able to provide us with any milestones to look forward to with respect to the progress you would be making in that segment? 
Paul Otellini: We are sampling all versions of the product to-date: notebook, desktop, and server. So that's a milestone that I think we've talked about before but one which is important because if you're confident enough to sample the customer base, particularly at the high-end of the server products, that's a good sign.  The next milestone you will hear from us is probably something we'll talk about at IDF in September which I will allude to later on in my closing remarks. You will see a bit more of the product line there. The final milestone is when we start shipping the darn things. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Paul, when I look at the stuff that's going on in retail notebooks, your Pentium Duo, it seems to me has as good a price point as any out of the competition, and yet the competition appears to have higher unit growth in that segment. In your mind, why would the OEMs push their versions versus your version?  For Andy, can you help us a little bit on the NOR business? Because I look at your break out by segment and the losses aren't materially higher in Q2 versus Q1 for the flash business. I just wondered where that 1 percentage point gross margin hit took place. Can you also give us at least a rough guess at what's the mix between the NOR and the NAND in the current reported numbers? 
 Andy Bryant:  Which one do you want first? 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The simple one. 
 Andy Bryant:  Which? 
Paul Otellini:  Both of them. Let me answer the retail question. There are a couple of things going on here, David. First of all, you're right. Pentium Duo is in our view a superior product to the competitors at those price points. It's got lower power, longer battery life, higher performance, et cetera. So we believe that it ought to outsell for that low end of the retail range, and in fact it is doing quite well in a worldwide retail basis.  For reasons that you need to ask our customers about, we tend to do much better in their line-ups offshore than we do on-shore. If you were to go to Europe or go to Japan or go to China, you would see a much stronger Intel mix in those low end segments of the notebooks than you do at Best Buy or the stores here in the United States.  For the life of me I can't figure out why that happens, although we tend to try to explain to customers that the product is better. 
 Andy Bryant: The NOR versus NAND business, first of all, we don't break out the reporting segment at a sub segment level, so I am not going to split the two for you. In a reconciliation of margins from Q1 to Q2, flash is not a reconciling item. Versus our expectation of where we thought Q2 was coming out flash is a reconciling item. So our expectation going into the quarter was NOR would kind of hold its own and NAND would improve. NAND did improve. It had reasonable revenue growth and a better environment, so we were pleased with that. NOR deteriorated.  What happened was the NOR demand dropped. We had under loaded factory charges; we had a higher cost per unit of products sold because we had under loading factories. We had demand reserves because products built for specific customers no longer were being taken by those customers.  So all those things together add up to about a point of margin versus our expectation. Quarter to quarter, the entire change was essentially microprocessor related. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: You mentioned about the performance being the determining factor in winning designs with your customers. It appeared that took place in the first quarter and second quarter, at least on a unit basis, with you gaining share. Given that your competitor doesn't seem to be announcing too many new products at least for the third quarter, I just wonder why you guys would be guiding in line with normal seasonality if market share gains seem to be something you pulled off in the last couple of quarters? 
Paul Otellini:  Well, I didn't make any comments on market share in the second quarter and I have learned that the best thing to do is to avoid that if possible and let the market research people opine after the fact. That's the easier way to deal with the ins and outs of inventory draws and large replenishments.  What you'll see us do, particularly in notebooks in the second half of the year, is move all of our advertising back from establishing Core 2 Duo on as a brand on a worldwide basis where it has been for the last year; the last 12 months, 100% of our own Intel advertising has been based upon that and you'll see it swing to Centrino almost entirely.  Our view is that we're going to hit that real hard in the second half starting in the August timeframe on the web and in print and in television, focusing on the benefits of the product line as expressed to end users in terms of the battery life and so forth. We are optimistic it will have a positive impact. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Maybe a follow-up on the channel side of things. You mentioned that that was a positive in the quarter for you and actually grew, which is better than seasonal. Do you think that's you taking share in the channel or just the channel being stronger than the OEM side? 
Paul Otellini: I think the channel had a good quarter first of all. , and our channel customers tell me that they are making very good margins on Intel products which is a combination of the strength of the product line and the stability around the pricing and the predictability around the pricing.  If you look at things like the gray market on our products, it is actually very close to our pricing now which allows our distributors and the dealers to make good margins. I think that's been the single biggest impact this quarter and that, plus the fact that the emerging markets were relatively strong where they tend to play well. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Then a final quick one, you mentioned last quarter that there was a little bit of excess inventory floating around in the microprocessor space. I think you said it wasn't Intel inventory. Do you get the sense that that's been cleaned up heading into the third quarter or just an update on the status of that would be helpful. 
Paul Otellini:  Well, ours has certainly been cleaned up and is in very good shape as we talked about. I think there remains to be seen what others will say. The rumor out there is that the inventory in other parts of the channel is a bit long right now. 
Operator:  Our final question comes from Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities. 
 Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities:  Paul, you talked about the difference in pricing and performance between the low and the high end. Can you give us some sense for the growth rate of the low end notebook and server segment versus the high end? I just want to get a sense for relative growth rates, especially with performance being very competitive now in low end consumer notebooks? 
Paul Otellini:  Well, I actually don't think the latter part of your sentence is correct. I don't think there is an equivalent level of performance or at least energy efficient performance in the low end of the marketplace. I think we still tend to do well there.  But you're asking me for a mix question which is a level of granularity I can't give you and it gets really to the ASP question that we've discussed at length today; so I am afraid I can't help you there. Clearly it is in our best interest to drive those two segments as aggressively as possible and that's what we're doing. 
Kevin Sellers :  Thanks, Krishna. Thanks, Melanie. We're going to just close our call now and as we do so I am going to turn the time over to Paul for a few brief closing comments. Thanks.  Go ahead, Paul. 
Paul Otellini: Thanks, Kevin. Thank you all for your questions today. As I said at our analyst meeting in May, we plan to extend our technology leadership in the second half by ramping the industry's first 45 nanometer manufacturing line along with Penryn, a complete family of 45 nanometer processors.  Beyond that, we are far along in developing the Nehalem micro architecture for 2008. Within our 45 nanometer generation, you'll see us extend the reach of Intel architecture into mobile Internet devices, consumer electronics, and parallel processing with new designs based upon the new Silverthorn and Larabee cores. We're very excited about the future of our technology, and I hope to see many of you at the Intel developer's forum in September where you will learn more about our initiatives.  Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-17 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Kevin Sellers - Director, IR   Paul Otellini - CEO   Andy Bryant - CFO 
Analysts: Uche Orji - UBS, New York   Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   John Lau - Jefferies & Company   Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings Ramsey   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   David Wong - A.G. Edwards   Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities   Hans Mosesmann - Nollenberger Capital   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   James Covello - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience, and welcome to the First Quarter 2007 Intel Corporation Earnings Call. My name is Bill and I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. However, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's presentation Mr. Kevin Sellers, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir. 
Kevin Sellers: Thank you Bill and welcome everyone to our Q1 2007 earnings conference call. Before I begin, I want to point you to our investor website www.intc.com for some important information related to today's conference call. First, our earnings release and updated financial statements are available there for anyone who still needs access. Second, a replay of today’s call will be posted there at around 5o'clock Pacific time and will remain there for about two months. And lastly, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations there as well.  Joining me on today’s call are Paul Otellini, Chief Executive Officer and Andy Bryant Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Paul will review the highlights of the quarter and comment on our key strategies, products and technologies with Andy providing more details on our financial performance and business outlook.  As we begin, let me remind everyone that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we see it today. And as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. So with that Paul let me hand it over to you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Paul Otellini: Thanks Kevin. The first quarter marked another solid period for our microprocessor business. Units were inline with seasonal patterns and ASPs held up well despite competitive pricing in the low price segments of the market.  In general, we saw a flat quarter-to-quarter pricing in mobile and desktop segments, and a decline in server ASPs driven by a shift to dual and uniprocessor servers. We continue to see strong demand for our core micro-architectural processors all of which continue to ramp nicely.  We’re pleased with our operating performance, with lower microprocessor unit costs, higher margins, good inventory management and lower spending resulting from our structural cost efforts, which are running ahead of our projections. Flash was weaker however, driven by lower NOR units and NAND pricing.  The desktop segment was competitive this quarter but our pricing held firm as we shipped more Conroe processors in the first quarter than in the second half of 2006. We are very pleased with the momentum of our vPro processor technology, which adds a number of security and manageability features for IT and is now being deployed at over 200 companies and organizations.  In mobile, we are shipping product in preparation for next month's launch of the new Santa Rosa platform with volume shipments of the new Crestline chipset and continued strong demand for our Merom processor. The platform will be branded Intel Centrino Duo for consumers and Intel Centrino Pro for businesses that want to deploy the benefits of our vPro technology in mobile as well.  Our server platforms also continue to shift to new technology, with another quarter of growth for Woodcrest and a near doubling of Clovertown quad-core shipments. Our belief is that maintaining scale is essential through our strategy of ramping new manufacturing and platform technologies quickly, delivering high performance and low-unit costs.  Today's product leadership is built around our 65 nanometer technologies and we are well along the path to introduce products based upon 45 nanometer technology later this year. To that end, we've announced the use of breakthrough materials in our 45 nanometer process that will allow us to introduce faster and more power-efficient microprocessors to pack more features into smaller die.  We have disclosed this week that our Penryn family of processors will offer leadership performance with gains of 15% to well over 45%, when compared to today's best Core 2 Duo and Xeon processors. Cache sizes will be 50% larger, yet die sizes will be 25% smaller. We have six different microprocessors already running based upon this process, and they are running a broad base of applications on five operating systems.  We also disclosed plans for Nehalem, our next generation micro-architecture for 45 nanometers, which will take our performance, power and cost leadership even further beginning in 2008.  In summary, the R&D cadence that we discussed at last April's analysts meeting is providing us with the very best products in the marketplace giving a strong momentum and relatively stable pricing in a competitive business environment. We are seeing good progress on unit cost and spending reductions. And our strong execution of 65 nanometers is being followed up by an innovative 45 nanometer technology and products. We are planning for growth in the second half of the year and look forward to sharing our future plans at our New York analysts meeting.  With that let me turn the call over to Andy 
Andy Bryant: Thanks Paul. This is another quarter of progress, marked by products, well received by customers, major advances in process and manufacturing technologies and comprehensive cost savings. Gross margins for the quarter was better than we expected and we can report excellent results over the last year in cutting spending, which is $0.5 billion lower than the first quarter of 2006.  Looking beyond the transitional second quarter, we see an improving second half as the distinctive products and process technologies catered date. We expect gross margins to improve significantly in the second half with a percentage in lower 50's range and we have raised our forecast for the full year.  Revenue for the first quarter was $8.9 billion, within the range forecast in January and down 9% from the fourth quarter. The total number of microprocessor units was down and approximately seasonal. Average selling prices for microprocessors were slightly lower overall. Unit volumes of chipsets, motherboards, and flash memory were lower than the fourth quarter.  More than half of total revenue $4.8 billion came from the Digital Enterprise Group. Revenue for this group was approximately 8% lower than the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower unit volume from sales of microprocessors and chipsets.  The Mobility Group accounted for more than a third of total revenue. This revenue of $3.3 billion was down 8% from the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower unit volumes of microprocessors.  Compared to a year ago, total revenue was approximately flat. Revenue from the Digital Enterprise and Flash Memory groups was lower and revenue from the Mobility Group was higher.  Gross margin dollars were $4.4 billion, $378 million lower than the fourth quarter. Gross margin percentage of 50.1% was above the midpoint of our forecast and 0.5% higher than the fourth quarter.  While lower revenue and higher manufacturing start-up costs reduced gross margins, this was more than offset by increases in gross margins due to lower microprocessor unit cost and the sale of previously reserved products and inventory. In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage is five points lower than the first quarter of 2006, primarily a result of lower average selling prices for microprocessors.  R&D and MG&A were approximately $2.7 billion, in line with the forecast and down 6% from the fourth quarter. In addition, we had restructuring and asset impairment charges of $75 million. The progress we have made in cutting expenses is most apparent in a year-to-year comparison.  Spending for R&D and MG&A is down 17% from the first quarter of 2006. And as a percent of revenue, spending has declined by nearly six points. The number of employees is down by more than 11,000 or 11% to 92,000.  Interest and other income is significantly lower than the fourth quarter, when we realized a gain of $482 million from the sale of the Company's communications and application processor business.  The provision for taxes in the first quarter was also significantly lower as it included a reversal of previously accrued taxes of approximately $300 million. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.27. Reversal of previously accrued taxes accounted for about $0.05 out of the $0.27.  On the balance sheet, total inventories were approximately flat with the fourth quarter. Finished goods were down, while work in process and raw materials were up.  Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ended the quarter at $8.6 billion, nearly $1 billion less than the fourth quarter. Capital spending was $1.4 billion, dividends payments were $650 million, and stock repurchases were $400 million.  As we turn now to the outlook for the second quarter, please keep in mind that unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions that may be completed after April 15.  I will use the midpoint of forecast ranges while making comparisons to specific periods. We are planning for revenue, which is typically lower in the second quarter to be between $8.2 billion and $8.8 billion. The mid-point of this range would be a decrease of 4% for the first quarter. On a year-to-year basis, the outlook anticipates growth of 6%. Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the second quarter is 48%, plus or minus a couple of points.  Lower revenue overall, lower sell-through and previously reserved products and higher start-up costs will reduce gross margins from the first quarter, partially offset by continuing progress and reducing unit costs and lower under-load charges.  Spending for R&D and MG&A in the second quarter should be approximately $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, approximately flat with the first quarter. In addition, in the separate category for restructuring and asset impairment charges, we expect expenses of approximately $60 million. While we have no full year forecast for this category, we do expect to continue to incur charges as we restructure this company as a part of our program to improve financial performance.  For the full year, manufacturing start-up costs will be concentrated in the first half as we discussed in January. These start-up costs will be lower in the third quarter than in the second, and this change should contribute at least an additional two points to gross margin in the third quarter.  Due to the lower unit costs and permanent average selling prices for microprocessors in the first and second quarters than we previously expected, we are raising the forecast for gross margin for the full year to 51%, plus or minus a few points.  The results for the first quarter combined with the outlook for the second pointed gross margin for the first half of 49%. That would imply the margin for the second half of the year would be between 52% and 54%, with the expectation that the fourth quarter is a bit higher than the third.  We have also adjusted the outlook for spending on R&D and MG&A for the full year. R&D spending is now forecasted to be approximately $5.6 billion, $200 million higher than the prior forecast. And MG&A spending is now forecasted to be approximately $5.1 billion; $200 million lower than the prior forecast.  Our tax rate for each of the remaining quarters in the year is now expected to be 31%.  The results for the quarter and our current outlook appear to be a good beginning for 2007. Business remains competitive and it is essential that we remain focused on the right priorities. Deliver products that customers find compelling. Execute superbly with 45-nanometer. Attack costs on all fronts in the factories, in R&D and in MG&A. The goal is steady progress and increasing returns, based on successfully bringing technology customers want to the marketplace.  With that, let me turn it back to Kevin. 
Kevin Sellers: Okay. Thank you, Andy. So, we would now like to open the lines for questions and answers, and let me turn it over to you for that. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji of UBS, New York. Please proceed. 
Uche Orji - UBS, New York: Thank you very much. Just two questions, First, if I look at your ASPs for the quarter, I'd like to say they have held up well. If I look further down the line, with the new products you have, despite that you raised your gross margin expectation for the second half. What is implied in the pricing environment within that side? 
Paul Otellini: We certainly think we continue to see a competitive price environment. But if you think back, over the last year, starting mid-last year as the new products were introduced into the desktop server and mobile segments, we started to see our products differentiate themselves from the competitor.  As time passes, as we extend those products into the product stack, we think we have more than just price to compete on. So we find ourselves in a better position than we were a year ago. We think it held up pretty well in the first quarter and we raised margin percentage for the year. 
Uche Orji - UBS, New York: Thank you very much. One more question, on inventory, first of all how much of the inventory that was reserved that was sold in the first quarter, the impact it had on the margin. Are you able to help us quantify that, so we can get a sense of what the gross margin was for the quarter? 
Paul Otellini: Sure I can. I'll let you do a piece now, let me give another speech. And I am going to answer your question, from Q4 to Q1, margins were up slightly. I want to break the margin change into some pieces though. Let's talk about the ongoing business. You sell products, you make products, you have mix changes, you have pricing. If you take the normal running of the business with a revenue graph of 9%, you would normally expect margins to be down.  Based on the strength of the lower cost per unit, margins on the basic running of the business were up 1 percentage point Q4 to Q1. That's step one.  Now, we have some other things that we had to put in there. We sold some previously reserved inventory. Essentially all in the microprocessor space, all in the digital equipment side, the pack (inaudible). In that space, we picked up one point of good news margin because we sold products that had been previously reserved.  We had one point of good news in the first quarter on under-load charges versus Q4. So the under-load charges in Q4 were higher than Q1. So that gives you three points of good news from those three elements.  Then we knew that startup costs were going to increase. Startup costs in the first quarter were just under three percentage points, a bad news to gross margin in the first quarter. So running the business a little bit better, selling previously reserved inventory a little bit better, under-load charges are a little bit better, almost completely offset by startup costs. 
Uche Orji - UBS, New York: That's great. Thank you very much. That's helpful. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Cody Acree of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Andy, could you just clarify startup costs were 3, you said you had ongoing startup costs that you would normally have Q-to-Q. With the three percentage points higher than those, what would be an ongoing roll in startup cost? 
Andy Bryant: Yes, what we have said in the past is you typically get about two percentage points of margin deterioration for startup costs. Essentially think of it as three points on top of the normal. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Very good. And then into Q3, you expect that to get to about two percentage points, so we step up again in Q2. That's your largest, that's going to be your peak spending. Do you have any quantification there? 
Andy Bryant: Sure. It is the same log we just did that for Q1 to Q2, this is a forecast for Q2. So the revenues steps down some. As that happens, as you put all the things then, mix, unit costs, everything. Margins, we dropped about two points with that decline in revenue.  We then don't have the benefit of previously reserved inventory. That would depress margins down one point, because of the offset of the first quarter. Startup costs will be one point worse in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So that gives you, about five points of bad news.  The offset is under-load charges by two points better in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So, business, with two points, previously reserved and startup costs with a point each, that's four, not five, as I said. And then two points for good news or under-load which is why our margins are down two points in the second quarter.  From that point, I expect to see at least two maybe more points of margin improvement in the third quarter, just for the startup costs alone. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Perfect. Alright, thanks Andy, for that. And then lastly, the microarchitecture percentage of revenue as you are moving more into these cost benefits. Can you give us about where you stand? And when that crossover is? And maybe how we can proceed into the Q2 and Q3? 
Andy Bryant: Sorry, talking about the percentage of new products on the new architecture we started shipping last year? 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. 
Andy Bryant: Point that we are making now its -- 
Paul Otellini: Everything today is on 65 nanometers, it’s essentially all core based or derivates of the core based products that are being run through the line now. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: That's being run through the line now but, what about on percentage of revenue now? 
Andy Bryant: Again it will be the vast majority. If I look at my inventory and I try to look at how many of the older architecture products, it's a very small percentage. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then last and I will go away. Santa Rosa launch, do you expect or can we anticipate any kind of volatility of orders, pre-launch/post-launch, I guess what are you guys aiming for? 
Andy Bryant: As I said in my commentary, we are shipping product today to our OEM customers in advent to that launch. So, they can build their systems for the launch in May. So, this was all programmed in. We haven't seen and nor are we anticipating a stall in front of the launch, if that's what you are trying to get at. We do think there's a lot of excitement around these products. Particularly around the Centrino Pro version which brings vPro into the notebook segment for the first time.  When you look at how corporations deploy vPro technology, they like to deploy it in large swaps at once. So, making sure that all their employees both mobile and tethered to the desktop have access to their technology is a prerequisite for deployment. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Alright. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Nice job on the quarter guys. Question, I want to ask first is on the revenue outlook for the second quarter. Down at 4%, it looks just slightly below normal seasonal, and wanted to get a read on why you see that? And in particular, your thoughts on NOR flash, which fell, possibly in the first quarter and I assume will fall again in Q2? 
Andy Bryant: You take it as down 4%; we take that slightly on the low end of the seasonality average, seasonal for us. We think it is between three and four. No cosmic reason, we do resist a little overhang of some competitive products out there that we have to be content with, that could have some effect. As far as, the forecast for NOR, I really don't want to give forecasts of the sub-business unit lines. We all know it has been a struggle in the flash business and it continues to be a competitive business market right now. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: And just to clarify, the initial statement. So, obviously we know Andy is sitting on a boatload of parts that are still out there. You are suggesting as you are dealing with that competitively via price, via units, combination of both? 
Andy Bryant: Again, our assumption is there is some excess inventory out to [supplier] and that does, maybe get worked up and it does disrupt the marketplace. Not a big one by the way. Remember, we are talking about 4% versus 3 point something percent down. So, we just think it's a small disruption we have to deal with. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. And my second question is on the outlook for operating expenses, because you made the point that you're a quarter early on the headcount reduction at a minimum. And I wonder if you have any sense as, should we be thinking the $2 billion, $1 billion OpEx savings that you had told us we would see over this year or next year might shift a little bit earlier given you are ahead of plan on headcount? 
Andy Bryant: I wouldn't go that far that fast. What we have committed for the year is a combined operating expense of 10.7. We guess we'll hold to that. If we do find a little bit of upbeat in the efficiency, it gives Paul the ability to look at other projects that he might want to think about. So I would think of it holding pretty firm to the 10.7. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. And Paul just a quick follow-up on our first question, any thoughts on the NOR business here, losses are getting greater, I know you've talked in the past about maybe getting out of that business if you couldn't earn a profit, it doesn't look like you are doing a good job here? 
Paul Otellini: Profits certainly eluded us in that business in the first quarter and a lot of that had to do with the very competitive environment in NOR, from a pricing standpoint and an overall stated demand standpoint. We have the team who are 100% focused right now on switching products to general purpose channel products away from some of the OEM customers to try to bring in more of that business that will drive us to breakeven point faster. Our plan right now is to get this business profitable. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of John Lau of Jefferies & Company. Please proceed. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great, thank you. I just wanted to circle back to you with regards to your estimates on gross margin. It's certainly much higher for the full year. And in your thoughts about that, I was wondering if you can give us a little insight as to your assumptions of what the pricing environment would be for the second half of the year and also what the overall growth for the PC market will be by this 2007? Thank you. 
Andy Bryant: I can't give do that with granularity John. What we did see was as Paul said prices held up pretty well for the first quarter a little better than we expected. We think we are starting to see some benefits of the strengths of the product line that is certainly included in our thinking as we think about the year. But I also want to point out the good news in unit costs. The focus on efficiency programs improving throughput cost and cutting overhead inside the factory is paying off. It's a combination of two. Some things that are happening at Intel right now that I think are good for us. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: And as a follow-up, there have been some quite dramatic pre-announcements from your competition with regards to what the comments on the resale channel. Have you seen that significant amount of pick-up in market share, did you gain market share into those certain markets in Q1? 
Paul Otellini: Well, I think we'll let the market share forecasters forecast the market share when all the numbers are in, because we haven't seen all the data. I will comment though that we had a very strong quarter in the channel in Q1, and that is in the face of what is normally or seasonally a down channel quarter as well. And I think that is not a matter of just pricing as was evidenced in our ASPs, particularly on desktop. The channel was very, very strong on selling Conroe, which is the Core 2 Duo desktop product. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Company: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very mush, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Friedman, Billings Ramsey. Please proceed. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings Ramsey: Hi thank you. I wonder if you can give some detail on what impact we might expect from the introduction of the 45 nanometer product in the second half, specifically on gross margin impact, you talked about 25% smaller die size, do you expect that have any material effect on gross margins this year and if not maybe you can talk a little bit about what we might expect in the 2008? 
Andy Bryant: When you start a new process you typically have a little bit of variation, and it comes with it because you have the start-up cost that you're dealing with now. Then before the product gets called you have the pre-quality reserves and then you’re quick valuing at a point in time. So, when we get into the Q2, I will give a better forecast of when those products may qualify and when you might start to see the inventory being valued and the costing marginal effect. So, I guess, I am telling you, I am not going to give you many specifics about that. Yes, we think the cost envelope for those products can be very competitive, we feel pretty good about where those are headed. But I think again for this year, it's more inventory valuation in fact and costing effect. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings Ramsey: Right. Okay, from a technical side on a performance basis, you talked about the fact that you would increase the cache size in those 45 nanometer products? Should we also expect then to see higher clock speeds out of those, well can you talk a little bit about what we can expect performance wise on the 45 nanometer processors? 
Andy Bryant: Sure. Let me back up a bit though, Chris and it can be the perspective. If you may recall at the last Analyst Meeting last April. I talked about a new cadence for development and deployment of technology right, where we would continue our two year technology deployment of silicon generations, and then have an alternative year cadence of new micro-architectures. And that we would ramp new silicon technologies with shrink sort of slight improvements of the existing micro-architecture to be able to ramp very quickly with the high performance product to small die size, which you saw in '06 was that new micro-architecture coming in on 65 nanometers, which you will see starting at the end of this year, with the beginning of the 45 nanometer shipments are derivatives of that micro-architecture shrunk if you will to 45 nanometers with some new instructions, with some new feature sets, with some larger cache and with some faster clock speed.  All that combines to give us a nice boost in performance, and I give you a range of 15% to 45% depending on the application type and the product type. So, we are seeing a nice boost on the performance side, as well as a decrease, a significant decrease in die size. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings Ramsey: Okay. And just may be last question, with regard to the ramp of those 45-nanometer products. I guess it's early, would you expect that to be about as fast, may be faster or slower than the ramp of the Core 2 Dual product or family of products. 
Andy Bryant: It will be at least as fast as the 65-nanometer ramp was. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings Ramsey: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Andy, just to clarify on the gross margin, you say the gross margin in the first quarter was elevated by a percentage point from the sellers previously reserved inventory. Is that correct? 
Andy Bryant: Correct. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And for the June period, your gross margin, vis-à-vis some of the prior models is moving to 48% perhaps a little lower, but the second half you are now raising. Could you just walk through the key things that are raised in the back half gross margin, vis-à-vis, what you were expecting previously? The first quarter gross margin if I am not mistaken was broadly in line excluding the reserve, with what you had expected and maybe -- 
Andy Bryant: No, no. I'm careful. We knew what we are doing, that's why we had a forecast. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Oh, you did? 
Andy Bryant: So, what's happening is we're ahead on unit cost reductions. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Andy Bryant: ASPs firmed up a little bit. If we had done the same math for everyone last time, we did for this time we'd have seen -- might keeps your margins actually a little elevated to where I thought it was at the beginning of the year. So, I believe we're seeing some good news as the operating of the business in both the first and second quarter. In the back half of the year, we expect to see, if you assume something along the lines of seasonal revenue pick up, fixed cost industry; you pick up some margin for that versus our prior expectations.  Like I said, we're ahead on unit costs, not just in the first quarter but that stayed ahead through the year. So, we pick up a little bit of good news for that. We think the strength of the new products is starting to help us a little bit. We picked up a little good news for that. So, especially, the business is working like you and hope it would be working right now, plus you get the uplift for the start-up costs. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And then if I may just as a follow up, we should think about you looking to build inventory as you move into the seasonally stronger second half or how should we think about you managing your inventory levels as you move through and exit the second quarter? 
Andy Bryant: Again, what I would get for the second quarter is up marginally a little bit, not much. We do start to build some inventory for revenue uplift and that will start to happen. So you'll see some increase. In reality, I'd love to keep and play it again. I just don't think I'll quite get there. It won't be a big change. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of David Wong of A.G. Edwards. Please proceed. 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Hi, thank you very much. Just a couple of clarifications on what you have said about pricing in the quarter. For notebooks, there was some amount, was it primarily stability or pricing or was it also a mix of the higher end? And similarly, when you talked about selling more Conroe, were desktop like-for-like prices roughly stable as well? 
Paul Otellini: I am not sure I understand the like-for-like. What I said was that the aggregate for notebooks and desktop was approximately flat for each of them quarter-to-quarter. There is a bit of a mix shift as we continue to drive Core 2 Duo more rapidly and more broadly into the product line. At the same time, we are also using our cost capability right now to participate pretty broadly across the market. The combination of that was flat ASPs in each of those segments. 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: And what about for service, for identical products, can you talk -- you alluded to some amount of mix shift separating service? 
Paul Otellini: It was almost entirely a mix shift. 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Okay. Great. And your policy going forward, do you anticipate needing to take any pricing actions or are you finding that you are gaining share without any particular response to your competitors' pricing? 
Paul Otellini: We always have price moves scheduled in, right. And those are pretty well telegraphed across the industry. And the price moves are essential for us to be able to move our most advanced technology through the stack. So you'll see us continue to have price moves in terms of the overall average, so that really is a function of how well we can drive demand to the newer products. 
David Wong - A.G. Edwards: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Joe Osha of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Hi, folks. Congratulations on the solid execution. Listen, I looked at this, your revenues flat on a year ago, your gross margins down by 500 BPs and you've added about $900 million in inventory, and you've reduced your competitor to rubble in the process. So, I look at the second half of the year, and I guess my question is, in order to get to these numbers do you need to have inventory continuing to grow faster than sales, so that you don't take anymore inventory write-down charges and capacity under absorption charges or any of these other things? I am just trying to figure out how things get even better than they are now such that you don't have this sort of continuing precession of problems absorbing your capacity. 
Andy Bryant: I am not sure what question you asked me. If you asked to me, do I have under-load charges or inventory write-down? 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Let me rephrase that. I guess the question would be, do you need these under-absorption charges and inventory write-downs to go away to get you to these numbers that you are talking about? 
Andy Bryant: Yes, of course. Our forecast assumes, if there are no under-load charges, assumes there are no unusual inventory reserves. If that doesn't happen and you do have under-load charges then you have lower margins. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Do you need to add another? Does inventory need to go to stay 100 days or so to drive this? 
Andy Bryant: No. Inventory should be dead flat. And the same thing would happen, inventory can go up, so the same thing would happen. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, the follow on then is you are confident that, the 65 nanometer process technology you have, you can observe it even as you ramp your 45 nanometer process technology? 
Andy Bryant: Obviously, we think we can. If the market tops when we think then we should end up with issues. But, we actually do build plants out multiple years and in those build plants, our capacity is utilized. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just, Paul, may be you can help me with this one. I assume that the thought here is that, obviously, you can't comment on your competition directly, but the market share trajectory that you've enjoyed so far as a result of your excellent execution continues for the remainder of the year? 
Paul Otellini: I kind of answered that earlier, Joe. I said that that we'll leave the market share forecasting to the forecasters. But I am pretty well convinced that when the data rolls in, in a week or so, we'll be very pleased with the answers. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I'm sorry, one final one. As we look at 45 nanometer, should we assume that that kind of looks like a standard Intel ramp, when we think about, when you get 65 versus 45 crossover? 
Paul Otellini: Yes. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities. Please proceed. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes, hi, Paul and Andy. A couple of questions. Andy, you talked about better unit cost and the fact that it's coming in. It will come in progressively better versus the augmentation for the remainder of the year. Could you sort of give us an idea relative to what you had indicated at your analyst day last April? Number one, is that a material improvement versus what you had suggested where your unit costs peaked in Q3 of last year and started to come down? And number two, is the fashion in which it comes down the same? In other words, it comes down in Q1, flattened out in Q2, and then comes down again in the back half? That's it from me. 
Andy Bryant: So, I am going to deduct most of your questions, because I am showing the data in two weeks in New York anyway. And I will show you where we are versus last year's forecast, and you'll see that the trend is the same and a little ahead. There was probably the biggest quarter-to-quarter savings in cost for the year was is in the first quarter. But we built on that in the second quarter, but not in the same manner. So, when I talked about the overall business, all pieces in, being two points versus the second quarter, part of that was good news and the unit cost versus the first quarter. So, we continue to drive costs down steadily through the year. We have got a nice big step function in the first quarter which was somewhat expected, somewhat a little bit of surprise. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: No, I guess on that point in terms of the unit cost benefiting you in Q2; I don't recollect you saying that. You also indicated that the under load charges going away would benefit you by two points on top of the one point benefit in Q1? 
Andy Bryant: That's correct. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: So, my recollection was that the total impact from under load in Q4 was only two points. I guess I'm confused because you are suggesting a total benefit of three points from under load charges going away over two quarters, but the total impact initially was only two points from recollection? 
Andy Bryant: So the charge in Q4 was more than two points. The benefit in Q1was about a point, the benefit in Q2 rounds up to two points. Again, I'm trying not to say 1.7 margin points for that. Take my word for it, it goes from two plus points in the third quarter to approximately zero in the second quarter. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And the unit cost benefit in Q2 is less than a point --? 
Andy Bryant: Yes, we haven't quantified that and I don't plan to. What I think I said was, if you take all the pieces of running the business; that includes price, that includes volume and includes mix and includes unit cost, it's about two points worse in the second quarter but cost per units is a benefit. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Just a couple more quick ones. You said that 65 is basically almost all of the mix at this point on a microprocessor basis. Could you give us some sense? I think your forecast was for the 90-65 mix to be about two-thirds, one-third by the end of last year. Where was this in Q1, was it less than 10% 90 nanometer, if you are thinking about the mix of the processors or was it still above 10%? 
Andy Bryant: Actually I know the answer is sitting in front of me. We are getting into some pretty arcane questions. So, I think I am going pass on this one, unless you give me a better idea of what you are after. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. I will let this pass. One final question, on Q2, is the forecast just basically on revenues hinging around, what seasonality typically is plus some conservatism as it relates to what the competition might do? There is nothing you could really point out from your OEM or your channel customer base would suggest that your inventory is better than any [material fashion]? 
Andy Bryant: We think our inventory is in the channels, like it is just fine and the customer's standard is fine. I wouldn't say it’s conservatism, I would say caution around what's happening in the competitive space. So, yes, we are thinking of the second quarter in terms of seasonal with some caution because we think there is a little bit of excess inventory floating around the world. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar of JMP Securities. Please proceed. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Yes, Paul, within the service base, is there anything unusual going on in term of this mix shift you alluded to the move from MP to DP in unit processor? Or is this just a seasonal trend? Do you see any impact from virtualization on these trends? 
Paul Otellini: I think the overall shift to DP in particular is one which is kind of the overarching trend in the industry over the last three or four years. That has picked up a bit as we've shifted to Dual and now Quad-Core products, because the Quad-Core DP is essentially a cheap 8-way, with much of the robustness and very good price performance and the power matrix are exceptional.  So that's driving an overall trend away from MP towards DP in the industry and that's going to modulate quarter-by-quarter, but for the most part that is the trend line that we operate on. And in MP space, that really gets down to the specific customers and specific product lines and so forth. I don't know that I want to comment on our customers, except to say that this over arching trend is one that we would expect to continue over the course of the year. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: And the impact of virtualization, do you see any slower demand? 
Paul Otellini: Yes, I forgot about that one. I don't actually think that's a problem. We actually like that trend because in the short-term I think it helps to make sure that people have up-to-date hardware to be able to run those virtualized environments. Second of all, when we look at the server demand over the next three or four years, we think the fundamental issue isn't virtualization but rather adding sufficient capacity to do the job. One of the things we'll talk about in the analyst meeting in a couple of weeks is that we believe that less than 5% of the servers that need to be deployed by 2010 are operating in the market today. So, we still see significant growth in servers despite a fairly positive trend around virtualization, which helps make it more efficient. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: And my final question is on Vista. It sounds like it didn't really have any positive impact on Q1. What's your outlook for the second half of the year and what the market reception is to Vista loaded PCs? 
Paul Otellini: Well my view hasn't changed from this call a quarter ago, which is that in the corporate space, I believe most companies will act like Intel, by doing some pilots and testing today. But the deployment will actually happen when the service pack gets released in the fourth quarter timeframe, probably in the October, November timeframe.  Most companies we believe are buying machines that are Vista ready today, if you will at the enterprise level and we think that's one of the advantages of the vPro ramps that we'll talk more about in two weeks at the analyst meeting. In terms of consumers, essentially all the new consumer SKUs are Vista. So, right now that is driving the numbers. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann of Nollenberger Capital. Please proceed. 
Hans Mosesmann - Nollenberger Capital: Thanks. My questions have been answered. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks a lot. Andy you mentioned the major core differentiation, I mean you are seeing in your products that will certainly pay off a little bit. I guess the questions around that are, what are the key differentiating areas for either you or Paul and also does that ultimately long-term change your cadence back to a level that we saw in the past, or does this cadence that you guys have established sort of stay around for good? 
Andy Bryant: Let me try that one Michael. I think the near-term differentiation is clearly performance, performance reward and the activity we have done on segmentation optimization, in our power envelopes and those kinds of things at the microprocessor level. A higher order of segmentation though is the platform strategy, right. So Centrino, as we are now going into our fourth generation of Centrino with Santa Rosa platform is of course about the microprocessor but also about other technologies coming into. We were refreshing other technologies at least at the rate of the microprocessor refresh. So this one has NAND technology on the motherboard for faster boot, faster application loading. It’s got a new version of the WiFi chip; it’s got a new graphics engine in it for Crestline and so forth. Similarly, on the desktop the vPro technology has been doing quite well in terms of driving higher end sell up kinds of metrics in the enterprise that we think will now also manifest themselves in the mobile marketplace. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay, I guess this follows on which is really what I am getting at is if you are able to sustain this differentiation which looks like you believe you can do this, this should be a business where everybody saw a 50% to 60% gross margin and we are obviously at the lower end of the range of that. Is there anything structurally changed compared to what we saw in this industry has in the past in your opinion or do you think that we actually have seen some change in that and we need to think about a different dynamic? 
Paul Otellini: So I think we are ready to make long term gross margin forecast here. We do believe the key to having increasing improving healthy returns is to have the best products, that clearly and occasionally which means the cadence Paul talked about we won’t go back, we’ll wisely continue to drive the technology in both the architecture and the manufacturing side. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: That was very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen your next question comes from the line of Gurinder Kalra of Bear Stearns please proceed. 
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Thanks. I guess in terms of your upside for the second half for margins, what are your assumptions/thoughts on Barcelona and its competitive impact and in some of our new products AMD might launch on desktops and notebooks? 
Paul Otellini: Well we have yet to see a demo of Barcelona so it’s hard to understand the metrics here. But everything we've seen or if we take the early indications or early commentary at face-value. I believe that we’ll be able to maintain our competitive lead in servers and in high-end desktops in the face of the introduction of that product line. And even though it isn't more competitive product line then they are shipping today, I think it still going to get down to the ramp and you'll have to ask AMD about their plans to ramp the product. 
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Certainly, now you’re having outlook for margins for the second half you’re assuming that the traction you are getting right now it just continues to widen despite AMD's product introductions. 
Paul Otellini: I am assuming that we will be able to maintain our competitive lead in all segments all year. 
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Okay. Nice, thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen your next comes from the line of Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Paul earlier you mentioned that the channel side of the business was kind of better than seasonal in the first quarter. What do you think is going on in the Channel side versus the OEM sides? I guess that would also imply given your overall business for seasonally a little weaker that the OEM side was weaker than you may have expected? 
Paul Otellini: The Channel is obviously not terribly strong in selling notebooks the light book business is not a large chunk of the market today, where the Channel excels is in selling very good value in terms of technology for the bang for the buck. They were early to grab Woodcrest and Clovertown, which is our dual and quad-core servers and the White Box server business has been doing quite well particularly in North America and we see them as I said earlier ramping Conroe on the desktop. In some cases a little bit faster than some of the OEM's which gives them an advantage in the marketplace because of their cost effectiveness. So the combination of those is that you've got a quick moving set of players in the channel that are capitalizing on technology and winning business at the local level. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And is it that something that you, it doesn't sound like any of those metrics would change as you go into the second half of this year. Is that a fair assumption? 
Paul Otellini: The relative advantage over the large OEM's tends to mitigate overtime as the large ones ship their product line to have the same kind of profile. But, other than that you start to, the agility factor is still one that, that has been there historically. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. You mentioned a little bit just now about Woodcrest, and Clovertown, again just overall when you said the ASPs are down in your server segment, if the mix is increasingly dominated by the Woodcrest, and the Clovertown's, why were the ASP’s be dropping? 
Paul Otellini: Why were they dropping from quarter-to-quarter? 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Yes, if the mix improves I would assume by more Woodcrest, and more Clovertown. 
Paul Otellini: Because the MP's which are much higher price become less of a share of the server business. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Is that a simple thing? Okay. 
Paul Otellini: Yes. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And then the final question was just on the R&D side of equation, I noticed that popping up of course the M&A is coming down, so the net changes is zero on the OpEx, but overall Andy, if you could go little bit into what’s happening on the R&D side please? 
Andy Bryant: Kind of, they changed from before, what happens is we continue to believe, we are a technology company. We believe that’s the light side of Intel. So, as we find ways we can save money in the non R&D spaces. Well, again like I said before rather than drive spending even lower, we would tend to reinvest in the R&D side and hold the 10/7 for the year. With a little luck, we can see this happening again in the future. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. 
Kevin Sellers: Bill, we are coming close to the bottom of the hour. We'll take two more questions please. 
Operator: Okay, sir. Your next question comes from the line David Wu of Global Crown Capital, please proceed? 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. On the system integrated business are these people very flighty in terms of adopting the latest hot technology and therefore if you gain market share in Q1 and these people when they presumably will in Q2 as well is there risk that, that these same people who are quick to adopt new technology might so called fight back to the other people for your competitor in the second half. And I was wondering whether the OEM business was a little weak in Q1 because you obviously gain a lot market share incrementally from AMD and I don't see it in, in the Digital enterprise base? 
Paul Otellini: Well, the systems integrators are typically -- relatively small companies. They live and die by the competitiveness of their product line. They have moved very rapidly to our products and as long as we can continue to give them, pay the best products and be the best support and critical to that support is our terms and condition, our ability, supply and volume. The parts they need, when they need them and not constrain them. I think that they'll continue to do business with Intel and I am pretty confident about that.  In terms of the mix shift to OEM and versus channel it wasn't that big of a thing and wasn’t that big of swing and I'll go take you back to Andy's earlier comment on overall revenue, which is that, that the micro-processor business was about were we expected it to be. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Well, you know your only competitor had a major short fall in the unit volume and find it should land in your court. So I think that if the system integrated business was unseasonably strong then to get to your original target, the OEM business must be unseasonably weak? 
Paul Otellini: The relative scale is a lot different, right. I mean our distribution business runs about 30% of our overall business. It's not like its 50-50. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I see. Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. And gentlemen, your last question comes from the line of James Covello of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Hey, thanks guys. Just a quick question on the NAND Flash business. Obviously, it's been difficult. We know what you guys are doing there with the Santa Rosa platform. But how do you think about the benefits from Santa Rosa versus some of the cash that's been spent out and the returns that you could generate in the business long-term, if the pricing stays kind of depressed here? 
Paul Otellini: Well, we are still in the investment stage of this business as you indicate James. It's a lot of factors such as start-up costs as we ramp up new facilities and as we migrate to more dense products. The NAND pricing environment in the last six months, actually last three quarter has been particularly acute on the extreme aggressive side of the price curves. We have actually seen some firming up with NAND pricing in the last six weeks or so. And I am not going to give you a forecast, but there is some cause for optimism that has returned to more normal pricing curves. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: And is there a point at which, as you think about your expense that you had in the NOR business over the last few years, is there a point at which the pricing would reaccelerate to the downside that you guys might think about may be scaling back on the commitment a little bit, at least the level of commitment? 
Paul Otellini: No, we continue to look at that business plan. We look at it every quarter. We look at it every time when we make the capital commitment with our partner Micron, and the business continues to have the right kind of MPV model long-term for us to continue to invest in. 
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks so much. 
Kevin Sellers: Okay thanks, Jim. We are going to conclude the call now. I would like to ask Paul to give us a few closing comments as we do so. Paul? 
Paul Otellini: Thanks Kevin, and thank you all for your questions today. I wanted to leave you with a message that we have been highly focused on technology leadership and business efficiencies. We are seeing very good results in these areas. And I wanted to thank our employees for working hard and staying laser focused on these objectives. As you know, Intel's R&D pipeline extends many years into the future, and we have much to share with you on May 3rd, at our Analyst Meeting in New York. Thank you very much for your attendance today. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation. Today's conference call concludes your presentation, and you may now disconnect your lines. Have a good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-13 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Scott Wylie - VP of IR   John Daane - CEO   Tim Morse - CFO 
Analysts: Parag Agarwal - Jefferies & Company   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Peter Ceuleers - Citigroup   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Tim Kellis - Stanford Group   Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs   Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan   John Orem - Morgan Stanley   Han Lee - Global Crown Capital   Catherine Bogart - A. G. Edwards   Steve Eliscu - UBS   Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities   Danny Clove - Bear Stearns   Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird 
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Altera Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera Corporation. Mr. Wylie, please go ahead. 
Scott Wylie: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor Relations web page where you will find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820, use code 258712.  During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge.  With me today are John Daane, our CEO and Tim Morse, our Chief Financial Officer. Tim will open the call with a financial overview of the fourth quarter before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Morse. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Tim Morse: Thanks Scott. Starting with the top line, fourth quarter sales of $317.4 million came in at the lower end of our guidance range, down 7% versus 3Q. New product growth of 6% sequentially was encouraging, but more than offset by declines in mainstream and mature products. Versus fourth quarter last year, sales were up 13% and new products led the way with 155% growth.  With respect to product families, FPGAs declined 8% versus 3Q, but still gained 13% compared with 4Q '05. CPLD performance was more muted in both directions, down 4% sequentially, but up 7% year-over-year. Essentially, what we saw play out this quarter was pretty much what we expected, all be it with greater downward amplitude than first thought. Communications was an area of notable weakness and conditions elsewhere remained sluggish. John will provide more details by product family and market segment following my overview.  In terms of operating results, gross margins finished at 66.3% for 4Q, toward the higher end of our previous guidance. Cost of goods sold included $400,000 in stock-based compensation expense. Operating expenses in 4Q decreased sequentially by $12 million to $132 million on a reported basis and roughly $130 million excluding the unfavorable impact of gains in our NQDC or Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Those gains are merely offset in other income for past practice and accounting guidance.  Setting aside the NQDC, operating expenses were lower than guidance by $7 million, driven by lighter than projected compensation, commissions, stock option review and support costs. Total R&D spend was $58 million for the quarter and SG&A came in at $74 million. Those costs included stock-based and compensation expense of $6.5 million for R&D and $8.6 million for SG&A. Other income was $19 million for 4Q, helped by the NQDC adjustment described a moment ago.  Our tax provision in the fourth quarter was favorably impacted by retroactive adjustments resulting from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, completion of tax audits, changes in the geographic distribution of pretax income and the filing of income tax returns. In total, these changes produced a fourth quarter net income benefit of $18 million versus what we would have seen at the previously estimated 15% rate. The R&D tax credit will also favorably impact our 2007 projected tax rate, while the other adjustments won't affect future periods.  Net income for 4Q was $99.9 million or $0.27 per diluted share, including the nickel in tax favorability versus prior guidance. At year-end, cash and investments were $1.6 billion. We began repurchasing shares in mid November and bought back 4.4 million shares at a cost of $87 million. For the year, we repurchased 7.1 million shares, spending 140 million. For 1Q '07 quarter-to-date, we've repurchased 4.7 millions shares for $95 million.  Also, on the balance sheet fourth quarter days sales outstanding of 21 days improved by 13 days versus the previous quarter due to a more front-end loaded shipment pattern. We had no significant past due accounts at the end of either quarter. Our operations team did a great job managing inventory levels this quarter against the backdrop of more rapidly declining sales than anticipated we finished with pipeline inventory of 3.5 months supply on hand versus 3.8 months in 3Q. Altera inventory decreased from 2.5 months to 2.2 months and distributor inventory remained unchanged at 1.3 months.  Turing to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect to see sales in the flat-to-down 4% range. At the midway point of the quarter, business is tracking consistently against this guidance and we do not plan to provide another update for 1Q.  Orders-to-resales was below parity in 4Q with turns in the low 50s. For 1Q, order-to-resale so far, has been slightly positive and turns are expected to be in the low 60s. Historically, our turns have run in the mid 60s.  Our income statement guidance as usual assumes that there is no impact from our nonqualified deferred compensation plan. For 1Q, we see gross margins in the 65% to 66% range. In terms of operating expense, we expect R&D will be in the low-to-mid $60 million range and SG&A will be in the mid $70 million range.  These projections include stock-based comp expense of $6 million for R&D and $8 million for SG&A. Other income will be approximately $16 million for the quarter. Our tax rate for 2007 will be in the 13% to 15% range on a GAAP basis and 2 to 3 points higher if you ignore effects of stock-based compensation. The difference versus our previously estimated GAAP rate of 15% is primarily the extension of the R&D credit.  Diluted share count in the first quarter assuming no additional repurchases will be roughly 363 million shares. Pipeline inventory will remain within our three to four months desired. Finally, we expect approximately $12 million in capital expenditures for the quarter and $38 million for the year.  With that, I'll hand it over to John. 
John Daane: Thank you, Tim. Revenues in Q4 decreased 7% sequentially due to the combination of the week communication sector and a decrease FPGA revenues. The latter associated with customer inventory reduction of high-end FPGAs and HardCopy devices after accumulation over the summer months when we were on allocation. Altogether, Q4 was slightly worse than the original forecast, but the driving factors were anticipated correctly.  By product classification, we typically expect both new and mainstream categories to grow and mature products to decline. However, in Q4, we initially expected declines across all of our categories associated with the high-end FPGA inventory reduction. New products actually grew 6% sequentially. Cyclone II was up 28%, Stratix II and Stratix II GX up 2%, HardCopy decreased 5% and MAX II was up 10%. The growth in Stratix II was particularly pleasing, as new programs ramps more than made up for the inventory correction.  Mainstream products declined 16% sequentially. Stratix and Stratix II GX declined 24% and Cyclone was down 4%. Mature products declined 6%. Overall, FPGAs were down 8% sequentially and CPLDs were down 4%. By vertical market for Q4, we had forecasted Industrial and Consumer to be flattish and Computer and Communications to decrease.  At final tally, Industrial and Consumer were each down 2%, Computer down 14%, and Communications down 11%. In Communications, growth in networking was offset by declines in wireless and telecom as expected. In Computer, both Storage and Server sectors were soft as expected. FPGA inventory depletion, as forecasted, also affected each end market.  For the year 2006 in total, Altera's revenues grew 14%, once again faster than the semiconductor industry as a whole. By product category, our new products dominated by 90-nanometer FPGAs grew 150%. Mainstream products grew 17% with the continued ramp of our 130-nanometer FPGAs and mature and other products declined 8%. For the full year, FPGAs grew 16%, HardCopy 15% and CPLDs were up sharply with 12% growth. I believe we increased market share in PLDs for the four straight years.  For the year 2006 in total, we saw solid broad-based end market growth. Consumer was flat and the one area of disappointment. Here, growth in broadcast equipment was offset weakness in flat panels. We expect better results in Consumer in 2007 with new program ramps in broadcast, set-top decoder boxes and flat panels.  Communications revenue grew 15% in 2006, once again outpacing the end industry by over 2x, as we continue to displace ASICs and ASSPs. We saw a double-digit growth in networking, wireless and telecom. Industrial grew 20% with particularly strong growth from military, test, and manufacturing systems sub-segments. And Computer was up 16% with double-digit growth in servers, office automation and storage equipment. In all, we had a solid growth across the board in our core and emerging market segments.  A few highlights for the year. 2006 was the first double-digit growth year for Altera's CPLDs since 2000 and it was almost entirely due to our MAX II family, which shipped $30 million of revenue in the year. Through the unscheduled release of the Stratix II GX FPGA family with functioning transceivers, we've taken a leadership position in FPGAs with integrated high-speed serial transceivers.  We announced the Stratix III 65-nanometer FPGA series with an industry-first programmable power management capability that results in lower power consumption than previous or competing FPGA devices. With up to 1 billion transistors on today's FPGAs, programmable power management is crucial to delivering high-capacity devices that can be used in infrastructure system that have fixed power budgets.  Net income and earnings per share have increased for each of the last five years. And finally, we increased market share again in 2006. Over the last four years, our revenues have grown at a 16% compound rate with FPGAs growing at a compound rate over 20%.  Moving to our Q1 forecast, a few months ago, we expected revenues would increase sequentially. We saw no additional major program transitions and expected FPGA inventory to be quickly reduced, as has been seen in prior cycles. However, the Communications industry, particularly wireless has become weaker with recent customer backlog push-outs and we now expect this segment to decrease sequentially. Also the Consumer, Computer and Industrial markets looked to be flattish.  By geography, Japan is particularly weak with a typical fiscal year-end budget flush for Japanese corporations not happening. For Q1, we are forecasting revenues to be flat-to-down 4% sequentially.  In summary, 2006 was a solid year for Altera, even with the soft Q4, as we achieved balanced growth across a majority of our end markets, executed on our new product introductions and outgrew the semiconductor industry. 2007 is an important year for Altera new product introductions and while I can't yet go into details, we have several new products in the pipeline that will extend our leadership and fuel future growth. You will hear more about these as the year progresses. Scott? 
Scott Wylie: We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time, so that we give as many callers as possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Parag Agarwal with Jefferies & Company. 
Parag Agarwal - Jefferies & Company: Hi. This is Parag for John Lau. Just wanted to get a long-term outlook in the sense that what do you expect to be key drivers as you go in '07? Specifically, do you think that you would be able to grow your Communications revenue faster than the end market like you did in '06? 
John Daane: We do expect that we will continue to be able to outgrow the end markets that we service, simply because we continue to replace ASICs and ASSPs with every new generation of equipment. We therefore manage to become a higher proportion of the raw materials and outgrow our customers. So, I think if you look at 2006, we had very balanced growth. As I mentioned, Consumer was really the only one point of disappointment for the company. We saw double-digit growth in probably 8 or 9 different sub-segments that I mentioned. We would expect to see continued balanced growth from the company. And we also expect Consumer to have a much better year than it did last year. 
Parag Agarwal - Jefferies & Company: Okay. As a follow up, what your wireless customers are telling you as of now like when do they expect to see recovery '07? 
John Daane: I think it is depended on the end wireless company, and what carriers they are serving and what technology space they are servicing. So, there is no one universal answer out of that question. What I would say is that currently we are seeing and do expect this year to see strength out of the 2G marketplace. We do see in China the deployment for the TD-SCDMA trials that currently is ongoing shipments. Although I think most people now expect that there will not be mass deployments of 3G within China this year.  Overall though, there has been a slowdown of some wireless deployments at various carriers. Obviously, as we have talked about before, Japan had a very strong first half of the year in calendar year 2006 for us, associated with the carriers preparing for number portability, which came into effect mid-year or back half of the year. Therefore, it was weak in Japan for us in wireless. Also, there has been a slowdown in some of the North American capital purchases. So, I think it's hard to specifically answer the question. Do I think wireless will grow off of the lows that we are seeing this quarter? Absolutely. Exactly what that trajectory will be and where the number will end up, we'll just have to take one quarter at a time. Thank you. Next question please? 
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks a lot. Maybe just kind of a bigger picture question, if you look at your customers' inventories and a lot of the areas that you are talking about on the comp side and computing, etcetera, they are pretty lean. Your inventories are lean. Distribution inventory is pretty lean, but I guess, EMS below high, is there a risk that either, your customers are getting too lean here and now we could see a snapback, or is this really a bigger picture problem with demand? 
John Daane: I think that it is somewhat demand. Wireless is slow right now, but I do think it's more of an inventory picture. And I do think that we are undershipping the actual end demand of our customers at this point, and that -- given some period of time, we will see a snapback on the orders. Simply, again, because we are undershipping the take rate that a majority of our customers have at this point. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Is that timeframe too hard to predict now, based on kind of the surprises you've seen so far, and that's why you are not sort of calling the Q1 bottom or is there more to it? 
John Daane: I think it's hard for us to look beyond the quarter. I mean, our accuracy within a quarter has been pretty good on a directional basis. Our accuracy beyond the quarter has been pretty poor, simply because customers don't know where they are going from an end contractor and customer perspective. I would say, generally, I would feel like -- if you were to ask me the question today, do I feel Q1 is the bottom? Yes. Is it possible that things could happen or change the way that we would look at Q2 in the next couple of months? It's certainly a possibility. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks a lot. 
John Daane: Thank you. 
Operator: And next is Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Hi, question on the R&D guidance for Q1. At least for my model, it's coming in lower than anticipated. I beat all that you had guided for about $175 million in pro forma R&D for the full year. So, is the more depressed R&D run rate something we should extrapolate through the course of the year? 
Tim Morse: No, no, I don't believe so. We still see the total year guidance has been pretty much right on. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And so, then as it relates to Q1, are you seeing bigger savings relative to your 65-nanometer mask cost or what have you, or is there a percentage down? What's occurring on that line item? 
John Daane: The delta in R&D is not associated in this case with mask purchases or new product rollouts. So, I think we just probably could have done a better job at forecasting the first calendar quarter. Looking at Q2, you take the current run rate and we add on the number of tapeouts that we plan to do in the chips, and I think the tapeouts will absolutely happen at this point. We do expect that the sort of guidance -- excuse me, for Q1 is pretty accurate. And you -- we feel comfortable with the Q2 numbers, as I mentioned. So, I would just say, we probably did a poor job at putting together the number for Q1 more than it was anything else. Certainly, there were no product chops or things of that nature which caused a lower expense. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. But in terms of the trajectory, my recollection, again, here is that it would peak some time mid-year and then start to taper off, is that something we should be thinking about or--? 
John Daane: Yeah, the trajectory, the peaks have not changed at all. The original guidance I think there was is still accurate. Again, the big increase this year in the R&D expense is mostly from the mask and wafer purchases for the new products that we are doing, and all of those remain on schedule. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: But even after the more depressed phase you are entering Q1, you are expecting almost a larger spike as it relates to the 65-nanometer R&D spending than you did before or am I missing something in this analysis? 
John Daane: No, I think the -- again, I think we could have scrubbed the Q1 spend a little better. I think labor is lower this quarter than we thought it might have otherwise been. But again, if you look at the major increase this year in expenses, it's not labor-driven, it's predominantly mask and wafer-driven. And again, schedules for those products haven't changed at all. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
John Daane: All right. Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. 
Operator: And next is Glen Yeung with Citigroup. 
Peter Ceuleers - Citigroup: Hi, this is [Peter Ceuleers] for Glen. You -- well, in terms of year-on-year growth, first quarter looks like it's going to below double-digit, do you still feel like you can pick up momentum somewhere during the year and get to a full year double-digit revenue growth? And do you have kind of a feel for when that would be or what would be the driver of it? 
John Daane: We don't provide long-term revenue growth rates. We provide, I think, most of the other numbers on a full year and we take the revenue of that quarter at a time. So, I prefer not to try to guess as to exactly where we will end up this year. So, I probably will just leave it there. 
Peter Ceuleers - Citigroup: Okay. Could I ask then a second question? Just in terms of inventory being down. I know you said that you feel like it's in part inventory still work, getting work through customers and in product demand. But specifically, on Industrial and Consumer, looks like it's a little weaker in the first quarter than you might have expected. Is that more macro driven? Or are there any customer-specific issues or product-specific issues and/or I guess end product-specific issues you can call out? 
John Daane: Calendar quarter Q1 is typically a down quarter for consumer. The fact that it's actually going to be flattish, I think speaks to the fact that we have some new program ramps that are happening this quarter. So, I think actually having consumer to be flat with calendar quarter Q4 is actually a positive. On the industrial side, I would say, it's a combination of the weakness that we are seeing generally in Japan where we do have a significant amount of industrial business combined with the continued general inventory overhang. Nothing that, I would say on a macro basis specific going on within that segment. And we do expect Industrials going to grow this year. Thank you very much. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Hi, John, can you hear me? 
John Daane: Yes. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: With respect to the com business that isn't wireless, could you give us any color on how you've seen that, basically for networking and wireline? 
John Daane: We would expect networking and wireline to be flattish this quarter, possibly networking could increase. It was -- we could have seen potentially coming into this quarter some growth out of the wireline sector and there were some GPON programs that we were going to ramp that had slipped out of quarter. Those are basically ramps of new product programs. But overall, we would expect wireline, wireline being the telecom side to be flattish this quarter and we would expect the networking business to be flat-to-up. So, overall, the decrease in the communications sector really has been driven by the wireless side. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Is it significantly bigger, the wireless phase John? And that was just a clarification. And then the question I had was, just with the other side of expenses SG&A, should we still assume that the first half expenses will be higher than the second half, maybe you would like to confirm what the annual target was? 
John Daane: Tim, I will answer the first question and then I'll give it to the other Tim for the SG&A side. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
John Daane: Just roughly, if you look at our communications sector it still is about 40:40: 20. So, about 40% wireless, about 40% in the telecom side and about 20% in what you would consider enterprise or networking. 
Tim Morse: As for SG&A, $300 million of the total year target. I would expect to be a little bit heavier weighted in the first half than in the second half. But it's really at this point, Tim, just kind of round the margins. It's a little too early to call and we are talking pretty small numbers of variance. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: What is the R&D number for the year now? 
Tim Morse: That was 300 as well. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. 
Tim Morse: We had originally projected 22% in the first quarter, we might be $1 million, couple of million perhaps of that. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
John Daane: And that's -- those are both GAAP numbers. 
Tim Morse: Yeah, both on a GAAP basis. 
John Daane: Thank you, Tim. 
Tim Morse: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: And next is Tim Kellis of Stanford Group. 
Tim Kellis - Stanford Group: Yeah, just real quick one. I was wondering if you could give us the Cyclone revenue profile sequentially? 
John Daane: Let's go back to my comments. So, Cyclone II was up 28% sequentially and Cyclone I or Cyclone was down 4% sequentially. 
Tim Kellis - Stanford Group: Thank you 
John Daane: Sure. 
Operator: And next is Seogju Lee with Goldman Sachs. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you, sorry. Tim welcome, looking forward to working with you. 
Tim Morse: Thank you. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: In terms of the computing revenues, in terms of the guidance there, sorry, I missed it I am on my cell phone. 
John Daane: I am sorry Seogju. Is that the question is -- is it the Q1 guidance for Computer? 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: That's correct. Sorry about that. I am hopping around here in on my cell phone in Barcelona. 
John Daane: Nice place to be at the wireless conference. We expect the Computer business to be flattish this quarter. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So it's Industrial, Consumer and Computing all be sort of flattish? 
John Daane: That is correct. And Communications will be the down one and that basically is driven by wireless. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then in terms of the gross margin outlook for Q1 is in the lower half of your typical sort of target range. Just what is sort of driving that? Is it just -- more of just a coverage and how should be think about that trending going forward? Thanks. 
Tim Morse: I think the guidance on gross margins remains constant with what's its been, kind of the 65 to 67, probably narrowed the range a little bit for this call just for the fact that we are kind of mid way through the quarter. So, we've narrowed the range a little bit. But, we see things playing out as we've talked about previously. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And do you take it back towards the mid-to-higher end of the range? Is it -- I guess coverage will help a bit, but is the mix sort of as you would expect it or if you could walk through that a little bit, that would be very helpful as well. Thanks. 
John Daane: Margins for us, as we have said, are mix dependent from a market segment perspective. Certainly, there is a volume component of that. Note that, we have been reducing inventories at a time where our revenues have also been reducing. So, absorption is lower than it would normally be. So, I would point that out right now. We also do get cost reductions and yield enhancements that play out through the year, every year that go on. So, it's difficult for us to place exactly what our margins will be a year from now because of the mix component of our business. Nevertheless, we do feel comfortable with the range that we have come out with this year. And also note that, as we've said many times before, we do think that our long-term business will be centered around 65% gross margin. Exactly when we hit that, can't really predict, but that's again the long-term business model that we are managing to. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks, good luck. 
John Daane: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Next is Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Thanks guys. Hey, John, you've talked in the past about perhaps getting a little bit more aggressive on pricing and driving a higher revenue growth rate, can you just give us an update on those thoughts to that plan? 
John Daane: I have never, Chris, I think talked about lowering prices to get more top line. I think what we have said is, we are not going to try to manage the company to margins that got us high, I think, at 69%, that 65% was our long-term goal on gross margins that there are some opportunities, particularly in the high-volume space, where you are displacing some ASICs, then you might be willing to take on some aggressively priced business against the ASIC industry, in particular, in order to bring on some more top line growth. But I don't think we view that getting more aggressive within our existing base of business from a pricing perspective is going to do anything positive.  I think if we take a step back, note that we have probably about half of the FPGA revenues from the last products over the last four or five years, starting a price war in an existing business stream doesn't necessarily help us any. We also note that our business is not necessarily elastic within the existing business. And by that what I mean is, if you take an existing piece of high-end infrastructure equipment, if we were to give our FPGA wafer free, it is not necessarily going to help the customer sell more end pieces of equipment. The elasticity comes from being able to bring down your cost structure and therefore bring down your prices, so that you can extend in new higher volume pieces of equipment, where we have never played before, and really it has been the haven of the ASIC business historically.  Prices continue to be aggressive for new design win sockets, as we have talked about before. I don't think really anything has changed there within our industry. It continues to be aggressive to win those sockets. As we have highlighted before, once we do win those, because the industry itself does not offer socket compatible devices, there tends not to be as much price pressure ongoing as that piece of equipment goes through its lifetime. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Could you just expand upon that, are you seeing a lot of those, I guess new opportunities that you could take advantage of versus ASICs? How is that going? Are they in any particular end market? 
John Daane: You typically would see the ASIC business in higher volume applications for which we have not been in before. Those can be in, quite honestly, quite a few of our market segments. They could be things like printers. They could be things like some PC applications. You are now seeing CPLDs being integrated into cell phones, your traditional high-volume consumer space, even the high-volume areas of communications, for instance, the subscriber side of some of the network equipment. And so, those would be the applications where you would compete against ASICs in the volumes space.  And I would note, we do now log a lot of ASIC design losses. So these are not losses to one of our PLD competitors. These are losses to one of the other ASIC guys. There is a threshold of the amount of business that we may take on. We don't -- again, we are trying to manage the long-term to a 65% gross margin model. And as we log that and we follow it, because as we introduce new generations of technology, our cost continue to drop. At the same time that, the NRE costs are going up for the ASIC devices. So, at some point, we feel that we can intercept more of this business and be able to take it on very profitably. I hope that answers that question, Chris. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Yeah, that's very helpful. 
John Daane: Okay. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: What were the turns, by the way, in Q4? 
John Daane: 50, above 50, it's 53% I think. I will check the number. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. That's it. Thank you. 
John Daane: Yeah. And note that we had a couple of quarters during the allocation days where the turns were in the 50s. As I had also mentioned before, going into Q4, we did not see the overall cancellations or reductions in backlog that you typically see at the end of an allocation period. So, we ended up going into Q4 with a lot of backlog, and therefore with a lower turns rate than normal. But again, as Tim pointed out, historically, we've operated in the mid-60s turns per quarter. Thank you very much, Chris. Next question please? 
Operator: Next question is from Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. 
John Orem - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually [John Orem] for Mark Edelstone. That's a good topic you just brought up there regarding the turns, very curious about that. Now that you've met your turns target for this quarter is in the low 60s, is that correct? 
John Daane: Correct. 
John Orem - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So -- and I think historically, you've said it's run in the mid 60s. Now, I am just kind of wondering with some of the challenges that you see out there in the marketplace, whether a low 60s target for this quarter is actually going to be conservative enough? 
John Daane: So, again, if you go back to the turns number that we are quoting, that's the turns required at the beginning of a quarter. Note also that we are now half way through the quarter having our conference call. So, we've had a little bit of time in order to watch the business, watch the book-to-bill and watch how things are filling in. So, we do feel comfortable with the range that we are putting out today. We do feel comfortable with the turns number based on everything that we've seen to-date and everything that we see and hear from our customers. 
John Orem - Morgan Stanley: Okay, good. Fair enough. Thank you. 
John Daane: All right. Thank you very much, John. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is Han Lee with Global Crown Capital. 
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. This is Han Lee for David Wu. Just a bigger picture question, I am looking at your gross margin line and it has decreased steadily from the 68, 69 percentage points range to down now of 58, 56 -- 65 to 66 percentage range. So, is there something fundamentally that that's changed for your business that caused this kind of declines in the long run? 
John Daane: Han, we think if you take a step back and you look at this business historically when we were just a prototyping corporation during the 90s, when most of the business that we did was low volumes, we were operating in the 61% to 62% gross margin range. Getting into the years over the last several years, our gross margins did drift up to as high as 69%, really caused by two phenomenons.  Number one is, remember we had an inventory write-off in the year 2001. We have been shipping the product out in order to recover the cash basis there. That has helped our gross margins increase. Note that we did break those out every quarter, so that you knew what the benefit was from the written-off material. Secondly, we are also benefiting from the fact that we developed a series of low-cost products in order to move into high volume. And initially, over the last several years, those have been used a little bit more in prototyping phases at higher ASPs and therefore that has also temporarily helped gross margins.  We also said during that period of time that we do expect that our long-term gross margin model will be in the mid 60s, about 65%, higher than where we were when we were just a prototyping-only company. Again, because we've created a series of cost optimized products that allows us to be prototyping as well as high volume production and to have higher than what was our historical gross margin base. So, I would probably coach you not to look at the last several years to look really at our long-term history. And I would also coach you, if you go back three or four years ago, you would have heard us at that time say that our long-term gross margin model was still 65%. So, nothing has fundamentally changed other than we have been able to really sustain higher margins much longer than we thought we would be able to. 
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: Okay, thank you very much. And I have one quick follow-up. What's the percentage of revenue coming from HardCopy, the structured ASIC product? 
John Daane: We will find that out? 
Tim Morse: For what period? 
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: For this quarter, for the reporting quarter? 
Tim Morse: Yeah, for 4Q it was 4.3% of the total. 
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: And do you have any expectation for this specific product group for 2007? 
John Daane: I do think that this product is going to go through some strong growth in 2007. There are a number of new programs that are ramping both in the Consumer as well as wireless and wireline businesses right now. We are seeing some very significant orders. Their product will really start shipping due to lead times in the second calendar quarter. So, we do expect HardCopy is going to have some very strong growth, as we continue to diversify the business across a number of our different market segments. Thanks very much Han. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is Catherine Bogart with A. G. Edwards. 
Catherine Bogart - A. G. Edwards: Yeah. I think you foresaw the inventory overhang in FPGAs during the quarter, but could you discuss the growth outlook for FPGAs versus the CPLDs in 2007 and any color by industry segment would be helpful. 
John Daane: Sure. So Catherine the FPGAs have been growing in a much stronger rate historically over the last four or five years than CPLDs. I think if I got my numbers right over the last four or five years, CPLDs have been growing at about 6% compound annual range. I think, we've seen FPGAs growing in the -- what 16% compound annual range sort of during that period of time for us. So, these are industry numbers. What we are now seeing, however, is CPLDs I think particularly in 2006 and probably going into this year as well are seeing some stronger growth.  The reason for that is we are seeing inclusion of CPLDs in very high-volume pieces of equipment now. So for instance, handsets and toys games are starting to see a lot PLD adoption. So that combined with the fact that we developed a new architecture, which allowed us to lower our cost and increase CPLD functionality is I think driving some much higher rates for CPLDs going forward. I would still expect that FPGAs are going to grow at a faster pace than CPLDs. But I do think for the next several years we are going see CPLDs start to clock some much higher growth rates than we had seen over the last four or five years. 
Catherine Bogart - A. G. Edwards: Can you talk about the price elasticity in the two segments then? Is it a lot stronger in the CPLD area? 
John Daane: So, if you look at CPLDs historically, the cost basis and the functionality did not really change between process generations. So, really what it is as you are finding a lot of consumer equipments where to design the next generation ASIC, to include in a consumer design is taking two years, and yet the consumer product only has a six-month life. And so, we are starting to see CPLDs be integrated to add some small functions that are required that were not envisioned when they originally started the ASIC developments some years ago. And so, you are seeing really CPLDs or even small FPGAs in consumer product being almost like a coprocessor doing some small amount of functionality within those devices. And that's generally new, because again, the consumer business has really picked up for semiconductors. The consumers -- lifetime of equipment is very short. And again, the overall design cycle for an ASIC or an ASSP is fairly long, about two years. So, I think you are seeing that.  Generally, the price elasticity is much higher in FPGAs, because as you move forward to new generations of process equipment, we can literally have the cost in some cases of a function that we did in the prior generation. And therefore, that allows us to extend in the higher volume pieces of equipment and pickup new revenues for the FPGA industry that we were not able to enjoy before. And so, the FPGA side is really broad-based. We see the ability to be -- to go into higher volumes across all of our market segments. We see that CPLDs today are enjoying pretty strong growth, mainly from Consumer, also you could throw in there things like some PC applications as well as printers, as an example. 
Catherine Bogart - A. G. Edwards: Okay, great. That helps. Thank you. 
John Daane: Thank you very much, Cathy. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is Steve Eliscu with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Steve Eliscu - UBS: Yes. This is Steve Eliscu with UBS for Uche Orji. I would like to -- last year or this last year Consumer was expected to have some seasonal growth in the second half. We really didn't see that. And so, if you could talk about why this year you expect so much better growth with Consumer, if you can give us some more color on that? And what's driving your design wins for this year? 
John Daane: Yes. Steve, if we go back to the year 2005, coming out of that year, we had slow growth in Industrial. We had a lot of design wins and we said at that time and I think it was even in our Annual Report that we expected Industrial to have strong growth in 2006. And indeed, it did, and I think it grew 20% year-over-year. Consumer, we expect to have stronger growth simply because we have a number of new programs ramping, both in the broadcast side of our Consumer number, as well as in the other half, which is in Consumer products related to things like set-top decoder boxes, as well as flat panel television sets, so -- or flat panel monitors. So, just from a design win perspective, we expect to have a stronger growth in '07 versus '06. Again, to highlight, I think part of the reason that Consumer was flat in '06 is really panel -- flat panel side of the business was weaker than we had hoped during the year. But, again, we do have some new additional programs, which we are going to ramp this year, which gives us additive revenues. 
Steve Eliscu - UBS: Okay, great. And on a different note, with regards to China, you talked about the TD-SCDMA ramp, but the larger 3G standards seems to have been pushed out, you talked about the 2G. What are you seeing as the net result in terms of the revenue with regards to the way China is going to deploy wireless infrastructure this year? 
John Daane: I think the feedback from most of the customers that we have is, they do not expect China to do a significant rollout of 3G this year. Again, there was a trial already of TD-SCDMA. The Chinese government is going through an expansion of that trial. This is not a general rollout of the technology at this point. So, there is still a thought that 3G will be deployed prior to the Olympics. However, time is getting short and most of the carriers that we have spoken to have thought at this point that if there is a rollout this year, it will be fairly limited in terms of deployment. As to exactly what the numbers will be quarter-in, quarter-out is kind of hard for us to predict, because customers tend to change their forecast continuously. All I can tell you is, we do expect wireless to be down this quarter. Thank you, Steve. Next question please? 
Operator: Our next question is from Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thank you. John, I had a follow-up on that last question. Can you describe the mix of your wireless infrastructure revenues, 2G versus 3G in 2006, and where you think that might be at year-end 2007? And also, is the PLD content different at all, either higher or lower in 3G base stations versus 2G? Thanks. 
John Daane: Thanks, Ruben. The second question, the answer is actually easier. The content in 3G base stations for us is over 2x what it was in the original -- excuse me, the content in 3G base stations is over two times what it was in the second generation base stations. And depending by architecture, it can be substantially higher than 2x. In terms of the breakout of 2G versus 3G, I have seen that in the past, I don't have the data in front of me. So, I hate to guess because I'm going to be fairly inaccurate. That is data that we can get and certainly put into the next conference call if people are interested. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: And just a quick follow up, thanks John for that. On HardCopy products, the sequential decline in Q4 was that related to one or two programs that perhaps got delayed or pushed out or was the decline broader base and similar to what you saw in the rest of your business? Thank you. 
John Daane: Yeah. The HardCopy decline in Q4, Ruben, was based on the allocation phase that we went through in the summer months. Note that that was predominantly caused by a shortage of high-end substrates. And so, that affected a lot of our high-end FPGAs going back through APEX series and Stratix series as well as our HardCopy product. So, note that sequentially HardCopy was up 50% in Q3 from Q2. And so, a lot of that I think was probably customers just trying to pull in as much business as possible and anticipation that we would not be able to get through allocation on schedule. Once we got through and I think a lot of those customers realize the lead times were coming down. They had a buffer stock and therefore decided to cut back on orders from us for the quarter. All of that was anticipated. So, again, I think if you look at Q3, we saw a very strong growth in HardCopy. I think you see weakness in Q4. All totaled, it was pretty much caught up in the overall allocation issues that we had over the summer months, again, tied to predominantly the substrate shortages that we saw. Thank you very much Ruben. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is [Danny Clove] with Bear Stearns. 
Danny Clove - Bear Stearns: Yeah. I just have a quick question. On your turns expectation looking now into Q1, it looks like obviously you guys are looking for higher turns. Clearly, turns bookings have strengthened in this quarter. Can you talk about which end markets you are seeing the strength and also may be address your linearity that you are expecting from a shipping perspective for Q1? And I have a quick follow-up. 
John Daane: I would turn you Danny back to the guidance that we gave on a vertical perspective rather than commenting on bookings trends by vertical. We typically -- in fact, we never cut the business that way internally to look at. So, I couldn't even give you the answer if we wanted to. In terms of the overall turns number, note that our historical turns rate has been in the mid 60s. When we were in the allocation period of time, obviously our lead times went out. Customers placed backlog on us. That's why our turns rates came down into the 50s in a particular quarter. Note that we saw rather than -- when we ended the allocation phase rather than seeing a sharp decrease in your backlog associated with customers cancelling orders, typically you will see that happen because customers eliminated the double bookings that they have been doing on you.  Really what we saw is some push outs with customers maintaining the backlog that we had. So, we went through a period of time well over a quarter where our book-to-bill was under one, as we just slowly drifted down to more of what would be our natural sort of turns rate. I think to some extent we are still going through that in the first calendar quarter. The guidance of low 60s, we feel comfortable with based on business today. The current run rate that we are on, we are a very linear business, I would say historically. So, there is nothing that we are expecting to be tremendously different in this quarter. And again, we are sitting here today half way through the quarter. So, we feel we have a pretty good understanding as where we will end up. 
Danny Clove - Bear Stearns: Sure. And just a quick follow-up, I thought you mentioned earlier that your GPON business some programs got slipped. Did that slip from December quarter into March quarter and March quarter into June quarter, any color on that would be helpful? Thanks. 
John Daane: March quarter into June quarter. 
Danny Clove - Bear Stearns: Thanks. 
John Daane: Thank you very much Danny. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is a follow-up from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah, just a quick one. The lead times changed in the quarter and also how you have left on your approved buyback at this point? 
John Daane: Lead times have not changed since we really came off the allocation phase. In other words, lead times are back to the normal. It's either on the distributor shelf or we can replenish the distributor anywhere from usually two to six weeks. So, our lead times really came back to normal for almost every product, I think by September. And so, they remain at that normal rate ever since. In terms of shares available to repurchase? 
Tim Morse: 9.5 million. 
John Daane: Note that we've kind of been on an annual basis of whenever we get close to a low number we've gone back to the Board and approved a higher number. So, it's not necessarily a limiter. At the same time, I can't really tell you today exactly what we will do over the rest of the year. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: All right. Thanks a lot. 
John Daane: All right. Thank you. Next question please? 
Operator: Next is Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Hi. I was wondering if you could expand on the programmable power feature of Stratix III versus the competition. How unique do you think this feature is? And whether you think that will be enough for you to catch up with the delay versus your competitors' ramp in terms of next generation FPGA? 
John Daane: Yes, Tristan. So, generally if you look at our devices we've been doubling the number of transistors with every new generation of product. And in 65-nanometer, we now have in our largest Stratix device about a billion transistors. The difficulty with the technology today is the transistors do leak. The more transistors that you have, the higher your leakage current, and in another words, the higher the power consumption, even when the device is not doing anything. Plus you add that in every new generation of technology, our customers run our devices at a much higher frequency than they did in prior devices, as we really are becoming the heart of their systems. In other words, during the days when we sold the Flex 10K, we were really being used as a bridge or as glue logic.  Today, a lot of customers are implementing really the heart of their system incorporating microprocessors DSP and a lot of logic that previously they would have done in ASICs, and therefore, more transistors, higher frequency, more, both static dynamic power consumption.  The problem that we have is with our large devices we can consume more power than our customers can tolerate in their systems. Infrastructure equipment, by its nature, has a fixed cooling envelope that it can use, whether it's telelcom, servers, storage equipment, both because of the reliability as well as cost. And therefore, they have a budget for card. They are not willing to exceed that budget.  We looked at the technology and said that if we had simply extrapolated the architecture that we had developed in 90-nanometer that we would not be producing parts that could work in volume production within the envelopes specified by the customers for power. And therefore, we needed to do something different, something innovative in order to deal with the issue.  We developed basically what we call a dimmer switch, which is the ability for our software to program the transistor to either be high performance or low power. And by doing that, where you take a customer design for pass, there have to be a high performance, the transistor can be that. For most of the logic that doesn't need to be higher performance, we can turn down the transistor, lower the power through dialing it through our software. The customer doesn't have to do anything. It's all done automatically through our software. And the customer realizes the device in 65-nanometer that with twice the capacity can consume less power than our 90-nanometer FPGAs there or even any competing FPGA.  So, we think that the innovation is something that will be required really by a bulk of what the programmable logic industry serves today in infrastructure equipment. It's been very exciting to sell to our customer base. The fact that we are doing innovation naturally requires a little bit more time in the competition. Nevertheless, I don't think we are late. And I think this creates a significant competitive advantage for us in the marketplace, and it is winning designs for us today. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Great, thank you. 
John Daane: Thank you very much, Tristan. Next question please? 
Operator: And our final question will come from Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes, hi. John, I know it seems like your orders in general have picked back up. Anything you can talk to as it relates to the trajectory of the pickup, when they really bottomed, and has the upward progression been relatively steady here through the middle of February? 
John Daane: I can't really comment on that, Sumit. I don't know that I could pick the point at which book-to-bill was over one or below one. Other to say than it was under one for last quarter, as customers continue to trim the backlog and adjust to our new lead times. It's over one now. But I don't know that I can provide any color to really answer that question or help you with that at this point. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
John Daane: Thank you very much for the question. 
Scott Wylie: And with that, let me remind you that we will be presenting at three industry conferences this quarter. On February 21st, we will be in New York at the Banc of America Technology Conference. And then on the 27th of February, we will be in Las Vegas, where we will present at the Goldman Sachs Technology Investment Symposium. And then finally, on March 5th, we will be in San Francisco at Morgan Stanley's Technology Conference. Specific details are available on our website. And all these events will be webcast. This concludes Altera's conference call. Thanks for your participation and interest. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-17 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Paul Otellini – CEO   Andy Bryant – CFO   Alex Lenke - IR 
Analysts: David Wong - AG Edwards   Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Ousha Orji - UBS Securities   John Lau - Jefferies & Co.   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley   Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities   Gus Richard - First Albany 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intel Corporation Q3 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Alex Lenke, Investor Relations Manager. Please proceed, sir. 
 Alex Lenke : Welcome to the Intel third quarter earnings conference call. Attending from Intel are CEO, Paul Otellini; and CFO, Andy Bryant. Before we begin, please bear with me while I read our Safe Harbor language. The third quarter earnings report discusses Intel's business outlook and contains forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainty and actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our press release for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.  The specific forward-looking statements cover expectations for product mix and demand, revenue, gross margin, expenses, tax rate, interest and other income, capital spending, depreciation, and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and cost. These statements do not reflect the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or other business combinations that may be completed after October 17, 2006.  Lastly, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC and Reg G, you'll find on our website, www.intc.com, the required reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  With that, let me turn it over to Paul. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Andy Bryant: Thanks, Paul. We made good progress in the third quarter towards our goal for a stronger second half. Revenue from microprocessors was up from the second quarter in all geographies and in the channel. The server business was an important bright spot with double-digit sequential and year-to-year growth. Our comprehensive effort to reduce costs is gaining traction, as is our work to restructure the business.  Gains from divestitures and sales of investments contributed to earnings per share. Revenue for the third quarter was $8.7 billion, in the upper half of the range we forecast in July and up 9% from the second quarter. While consistent with patterns for this period, a portion of the sequential growth is a function of our lower revenue base in the second quarter when some of our customers reduced their inventories.  The growth in the third quarter came from higher unit volumes of microprocessors, chipsets, motherboards and wireless networking products; offset somewhat by lower average selling prices for microprocessors. The server business led the percentage growth from the second quarter with higher units and higher average selling prices. Microprocessor revenue in the digital enterprise and mobility groups grew 9% to a total of $5.8 billion.  Revenue from chipsets, motherboards and other products in these two groups was $2.2 billion, up 11%. Flash memory was lower than the second quarter due to lower unit volumes. As is usually the case in the third quarter, business was strongest in the greater European region where revenue was up 17%. In Europe, the Americas and Japan revenue growth was higher than seasonal averages, while in Asia Pacific the growth was slightly lower.  In a year-to-year comparison, quarterly revenue was down approximately 12%. Most of the decrease came from the digital enterprise group. whose revenue was down approximately 22%. Revenue for the mobility group was up 3%. Among the geographies, nearly all of the year-to-year revenue decrease was in Asia Pacific and Europe.  Gross margin dollars of $4.3 billion, including the effect of share-based compensation of $103 million, were 3% higher than in the second quarter. Gross margin percentage was 49.1% on a GAAP basis, in line with our forecasts. Without share-based compensation, gross margin percentage was 50.3%, 2.6 points lower than in the second quarter. Some erosion in average selling prices, higher unit costs for 90-nanometer dual-core microprocessors and reserves for mature products lowered the gross margin percentage; while higher unit volumes partially offset the decrease. In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage, excluding share-based compensation is approximately 9.5 points lower for the third quarter of 2005, primarily a result of lower revenue.  We exceeded our goals in reducing spending during the quarter as we lowered headcount and cut discretionary spending. Spending is also down sequentially as a percentage of revenue. R&D and MG&A were $2.8 billion lower than the forecast in July and down 9% from the second quarter. Excluding share-based compensation of $232 million, spending decreased approximately 8% from a year ago. The number of employees declined during the quarter to just below 100,000. In addition, restructuring charges for the quarter, consisting of severance and benefits for terminated employees, were $98 million.  Net gains on equity securities and interest and other were $440 million, two times the $220 million forecast in July due to gains from divestitures and the sale of a portion of investments in Micron Technology. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.22, including approximately $0.015 cents from the net impact of gains from divestitures and sale of investments and from restructuring charges. Excluding share-based compensation, earnings per share is $0.27.  On the balance sheet, inventories of $4.5 billion were up $145 million for the second quarter. Inventories of chipsets and flash memory were higher and inventories of microprocessors were lower. Based on the midpoint of forecast for revenue and gross margin for the fourth quarter, inventories at the current level are less than one quarter's cost of sales, which is similar to our throughput time. We expect inventories to be slightly lower by the end of the fourth quarter.  Total cash investments, comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ended the quarter at $7.8 billion, up from $7.2 billion in the second quarter. Capital spending was $1.2 billion. Stock repurchases were $500 million and dividend payments were nearly $600 million. As a reminder, we indicated in April that we expected to reduce the level of our stock repurchases as we continue to manage our cash flow.  As we turn now to the outlook for the fourth quarter, please keep in mind that unless otherwise specified, the forecasts do not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after October 16th. With the exception of the headcount forecast, the outlook does not include the effect of a previously announced planned sale of Intel's communications and applications processor business to Marvell Technology. I will use the midpoint of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue in the fourth quarter to be between $9.1 billion and $9.7 billion, an increase of approximately 8%, consistent with seasonal patterns. This forecast assumes higher revenue than the third quarter from microprocessors, chipsets and flash memory.  Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the fourth quarter is 50%, plus or minus a couple of points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin, the forecast for gross margin percentage is 51%, plus or minus a couple of points. Higher volume and slightly lower unit costs from microprocessors will lift gross margin, but we expect this to be partially offset by charges on the 90-nanometer networks in the factories, as we transition production to 65-nanometer; and by start-up costs on the new 45-nanometer process technology.  Spending, R&D plus MG&A, should be approximately $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion. The forecast includes about $250 million of share-based compensation. Without the impact of these charges, spending should be approximately $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. Although revenue is forecast to be 8% higher than in the third quarter, we expect spending to be approximately flat or slightly lower as we proceed with cost reductions.  In addition, we expect restructuring charges of approximately $125 million. We are on track with the previously announced plan to reduce headcount to approximately 95,000 by year end, including the effect of the planned sale of the communications and applications processor business. This would bring headcount down 5% from the end of 2005, with continuing reductions through 2007.  As a result of several cost-saving actions, we have lowered by $100 million the forecast for R&D for the full year, now at approximately $5.9 billion. Without share-based compensation of approximately $500 million, the forecast for R&D is $5.4 billion, up 5% from 2005. We also continue to find savings in capital spending and have again lowered the forecast for the full year by $400 million to $5.8 billion, plus or minus $100 million. The largest portion of the savings comes from initiatives directed towards improvements and productivity. The estimated tax rate for the fourth quarter is approximately 30%.  In summary, outstanding new products, leadership and manufacturing technology and disciplined execution point to a stronger second half with seasonal growth as we lay the foundation for 2007. While business remains competitive, we remain focused on doing the right things: delivering compelling products, competing for sales, attacking costs, executing superbly with 65-nanometer and pushing ahead with the next generation.  With that, let me turn it back to Alex for Q&A. 
 Alex Lenke : Thanks, Andy. We will now open the conference call for Q&A. We will attempt to take questions from as many participants as possible. To help in this process, we ask that you please limit yourselves to only one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Wong – AG Edwards. 
 David Wong – AG Edwards : Thank you very much. Can you just clarify your gross margin guidance for the December quarter? Does it assume any inventory charges? In line with this, can you also give us some feel for your current inventory? How much is older microprocessor product, say 90-nanometer microprocessor product? 
Andy Bryant: David, the forecast for the fourth quarter for gross margin percentage, as I said, we expect to get some benefits from higher revenue. We expect to get some benefit from slightly lower cost per units. That's offset by, I actually mentioned to you three factors: the one factor was some under-load charges in the 90-nanometer network, charges in the 45 nanometer; and quite frankly, the third piece I didn't mention was the fact that we did take some reserves in Q3, we don't plan to take reserves in Q4. So when you do a quarter-to-quarter comparison, that would show as a positive.  So no, there's no unusual reserves. You know, there's always ins and outs of inventory, but it's kind of flat and normal in the quarter.  In terms of how much is old versus new, we’ve made the transition, as Paul said, into the new product. If you notice in our inventory, WIP is a huge number, that's all new products. So the inventory is transitioning pretty rapidly into the 65-nanometer product line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch : Wow, I made it early this time. Can you give us a sense, again looking at the Conroe versus Presler mix, when that toggle will be complete when you no longer expect to be shipping the older parts? 
Paul Otellini: Well, I think we'd like to like to reserve the right, Joe to use Presler as a dye down in the low end of Pentium and even the value segment over the course of next year. We'll have a number of options down there. But they'll all be 65-nanometer based. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch :  So let me rephrase that, then. When do you expect to have the mix in your performance desktop to where you want it to be? 
Paul Otellini: Well, a lot of that has to do with how fast the market moves to Core 2 Duo and that is one we're ramping as fast as we know how to do. As I talked about, I gave you the numbers at IDF and again today. We gave you an additional point on that today, which was we talked about the totality of shipments of core micro architecture which includes Woodcrest, and Woodcrest had over 1 million units in its first 90 days. That one product alone has now achieved over 40% of the entire DP market in its first three months of existence. So we’re very happy with the ramp and will continue to push it real hard in Q4 and Q1. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch : Thanks, and just a housekeeping question for Andy. Can you give us some sense as we look into 2007 how we might think about the expense run rate? Might it, if we take the Q4 run rate and map it through '07, or is it going to drop further or go up? Any guidance would be appreciated. 
Andy Bryant: It's really way too early to give you a definitive number. That said, of course, I'll stick my neck out a little bit. I sure would hate to be above Q4. If I could find a way to be a little bit below that, I would. I still think we have room to improve in 2007. 
 Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch :  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Yeung - Citigroup. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup : Thanks. Andy, this is actually just a follow-up to Joe's last question. If I go back ten years or so ago and we looked at the OpEx as a percentage of sales, you were talking maybe 20% then versus close to 30% now. Is 20% over a longer term period an achievable target? 
Andy Bryant: I don't want to give spending as a percent of every target for long-term. What I would say is, I think as I said, Q4 is a high, not a low. I think we need to let revenue grow and maintain that. So whatever you think revenue is next year, take flat to slightly down through the year for spending and then we'll talk next year about how far we can drive it beyond that. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup : The other point I wanted to question you about is inventory. I think you said it would be slightly down in the fourth quarter. Given how high it is, it's a little surprising. I wonder if you're actively working it down, I would assume that because you are taking some underutilization charges, why not down more? Is there a level to which you're trying to manage these inventory levels that may be different from what we've seen in the past? 
Andy Bryant: You know, it'll be different at different times. As we've done the transition of the Broadwater chipset into the 90-nanometer factories as we begin to tee up for the Broadwater equivalent, for the mobile space; as you ramp the Core 2 Duo products into the 65 nanometer, you can't pull back on those. That is your future, that is the product that will win in the marketplace.  What you tend to do is drive the new technology, the new products into healthy inventory positions and then you manage the older product down slowly and carefully to make sure you don't get caught without the ability to meet a customer demand.  I guess it's a long way of saying, yes, I think at today's revenue level it is a little higher than I would like, but through a transition, it's not a bad place to be. 
 Glen Yeung - Citigroup : Does that imply that we need to see future underutilization charges, just as you sort of balance that out if you're a little bit over-building now, I assume at some point you’ll a little bit under-build just as things start to smooth out a little bit? 
Andy Bryant: No, I don't want to make a factory loading answer for next year before we've given you any insight. It’s our thinking for next year. In general, what I'd tell you is we have looked at the factory network for next year. What I said was the under-loading is in the 90-nanometer 12-inch factory, some of which we plan to convert to leading edge technology, some of which we plan to fill up, like I said, with the 90-nanometer Broadwater equivalent for mobile.  So I look at the network for next year, and I don't think I have a big problem with excess capacity. It would take a pretty noticeable change in the marketplace for me to be concerned with that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America Securities. 
 Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America Securities: Yes, hi Andy and Paul. A couple of questions. First off as it relates to the fourth quarter outlook for margins, could you help quantify how much benefit you're seeing from lower unit costs? I think at your analyst day you had suggested it would be somewhere between 5% and 10% based on the chart that you'd put up. Whether that still holds true? What's the exact level of offset from the under-loading charges that you're seeing on 90-nanometers and the 45-nanometer start-up cost? 
Andy Bryant: I'll give you partial answers. The under-load charge and the 45-nanometer start-up charge are equal to about 2 points of margin combined. The lower cost of units are providing a small benefit. I haven't looked and compared it to the chart we showed in the analyst meeting. My guess is it is in the neighborhood, maybe not exactly there. Then the other lift is the fact that revenue, if we hit our midpoint will be up a pretty decent 8%. 
 Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America Securities: The second question I had as it relates – I know you said you didn't quite give an exact answer to Joe's question, but -- the $2 billion in cost savings that you're referring to, is there a benchmark that we could use in terms of what number are you really comparing that to? To your expectations back earlier in '06 for '07? How do we think about that? 
Andy Bryant:  I'm essentially going to ask for your patience until January to give you a definitive answer. What it's compared to is when we started the program. So when you think of how to model next year, we have some of the savings in this year's run rates. What we'll do is starting from that point, arbitrarily pick a month. Pick May or June. We would like to cut a run rate $2 billion lower than the run rate was at that point in time. So you have seen Q3 be a little bit lower, you will see Q4 be a little bit lower. That gives you the ability to at least kind of put a point on the map and get close. 
 Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America Securities:  Just one follow-up here. The Asia Pacific sales down double-digits year-over-year; so much growth in those markets occurring. What do you think is the reason why you're not seeing better growth in that market at least from a year-over-year comp basis? Is it just the inventory overhang you have to work through? 
Paul Otellini: That's a bit of it. There’s also been, the Asia Pacific market is a much larger percent of PCs or desktops versus notebooks. The mix is more of the desktop flavor. Desktops are where we saw the most acute price degradation. I think that's probably been the driving factor there more than anything else.  The other thing that happens in Asia is that the bulk of the notebooks of the world are built there and then trans-shipped back out to customers around the world. 
 Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America Securities:  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ousha Orji - UBS Securities. 
 Ousha Orji - UBS Securities: Thank you very much. I just have two questions. If I look at your guidance for next quarter, how shall I think about the ASP units data mix, given that we had slightly lower ASP for Q3 which it seems might have been up at least 9% for Q3. Looking into Q4, how should we think about that dynamic, and at what point should we expect the mix of new products to kick in and help stabilize ASPs? 
Andy Bryant:  I actually think the new products are already helping. The price pressure we saw in the third quarter was less than we saw in the second quarter. I'm not going to provide an ASP forecast for the fourth quarter, but again seeing some level of firming based on the new products. So we'll always be in an environment where it's competitive. We'll always be in an environment where price is one of the factors in the marketplaces.  All I can tell you is that Q2 was worse than Q3 which I think will be worse than Q4. 
 Ousha Orji - UBS Securities: That's great. Just on flash, given that NAND flash is in a wrap-up mode at the moment, you know, it seems to me like all flash may have had a significant weakness. Are you able to provide some color as to what happened there? 
Paul Otellini: Let me take that one. Most of our business is still primarily large customer based. Coming off of the shortages last year, we were not able to move into the channel as rapidly as we would have liked in terms of expanding our product line. And so from my perspective, that probably cost us a little bit of share, offset by a slightly better pricing scenario than we would have had otherwise in NOR. We are looking for NOR to grow, as Andy said, in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lau - Jefferies and Company. 
 John Lau - Jefferies and Company : It seems that pricing seems to have firmed up. I was wondering, what are you seeing in the marketplace in terms of the end markets? Are you seeing solid seasonal demand? Is that why the pricing environment is now more benign? Are a lot of the chips that you are putting on the marketplace being absorbed quickly because these end markets are solid? 
Paul Otellini:  I think it's a bit too soon to characterize the market for the fourth quarter, just now getting into that. But it looks very good, it looks seasonal, that’s the guidance you're getting from Intel.  In terms of the pricing, I think it's more a reflection of two things. It is one, you saw Intel reset its entire price stack, top to bottom, in the last three or four months, which made room when the Core 2 Duo pushed Pentium down, it pushed Celeron down, giving us a three-tier price stack for the first time. That was a rather large price move in the grand scheme of things, perhaps the largest we've ever made. As that played through, the mix started shifting in there, that’s the overwhelming dynamic.  The second one is how fast the Core 2 Duo ramped, particularly in servers and notebooks where pricing tends to be a little bit better than desktops. 
John Lau - Jefferies and Company: Finally, you mentioned that you're doing quite well in terms of growth in the service space. What would you attribute as the largest reason for that? Is it the Woodcrest that has come out in terms of their performance, power, or the price? 
Paul Otellini:  I think it's a set of very good products around Woodcrest for DP and Tulsa for MP that not only had great price performance metrics, but also had perhaps the most significant scale we've ever had in terms of number of customers, number of SKUs lined up. That was one of the things I think you saw if you went to IDF. You saw customers that had not been with Intel in the last couple of years returning back to Intel very strongly in a lot of the Web 2.0 and Rack kinds of implementations.  The third point is that we actually had our all-time record quarter for Itanium in last quarter. That really was driven by Montecito and Itanium continues to be a very good product. It gained share and is gaining share against Spark and Power at the high end. So all three of those product lines were beneficial to the overall results in Q3. 
John Lau - Jefferies and Company: The service base has been quite competitive. With the success that you're having and the traction that you're gaining in this marketplace, do you know how much market share you may have gained back in the Q3 timeframe? 
Paul Otellini:  I think it's too soon to call that level of granularity. The people that track this stuff don't even publish it until four months after the quarter. So you won't see this one publicly for a while. But as we said, our view is that by setting an all-time record in server units, we probably gained some share there, on a billings basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much. First question goes back to the pricing issue. I understand pricing has gotten a little bit better over the last couple of quarters, quarter-over-quarter.  The question is, as you guys continue to gain regain share and your competitor continues to add significant capacity, is there any risk that the competitor gets a little bit over aggressive on pricing and that constrains the kind of margin expansion we expect for next year? How do you think about that? 
 Paul Otellini:  You'll have to ask them what they plan to do on pricing. Let me just address the capacity thing -- not all capacity is equal, Jim. Well over half of our microprocessors are on 65 nanometers now, we're headed towards 100%. Independent of whatever the environment is next year, it's my opinion having seen this for a few decades, that the leading edge capacity and the best products always sell off first. I think Intel is in an extraordinarily good position with both products and capacity coming on and a transition to 45 nanometers coming next year, to do well regardless of the profile of the market. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  So to paraphrase that, the better technology helps you to avoid a real price war like you might have seen over the last 18 months? 
 Paul Otellini:  Price wars tend to happen in the brown banana segments. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Final question for me, on the NOR flash segment, any potential for incremental restructuring in that segment as that maybe lags in profitability a little bit? 
 Andy Bryant:  Well, the operating income for the business unit is actually improving a bit. You can't really see that in the way we break out the numbers because the NAND numbers are combined with the NOR numbers. But you may recall that a couple of quarters ago we shifted the NOR manufacturing and technology development teams over into the NOR business and unleashed them to be able to run any way they need to run to be competitive. We're starting to see the benefits of that shift playing out in our operating expenses and in our factory expenses as we go through the successive quarters. 
 Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks. Paul, I was wondering if you could give us any color on your perception of the share dynamics in maybe the desktop and mobility area? And how, given your guidance, you anticipate that going forward into the end of the year? 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, all I can do is reiterate what we've already said here, Tim. It was a record, we believe we gained some overall share this quarter. We had record unit shipments in servers and notebooks, which are the two fastest-growing segments of the market and desktop is still a very, very competitive area. vPro, which launched in the quarter, is not yet in very high volume at many manufacturers, so you start seeing the impact of that with Core 2 base products later this year in the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year. In terms of the overall share dynamics, we said in April our goal was to gain share throughout this year; that remains our goal. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: As you move into the year end quarter you have, vis-a-vis normal seasonality perhaps, the benefit of adding a new customer that's reasonably material in the second half of this year, balanced perhaps by the timeline associated with the Vista upgrade. Could you talk a little bit about how either of those factors may be helping you or otherwise adversely impacting you for the year end? 
 Paul Otellini:  I certainly can't give you any insight into our Cupertino-based customer because it would be inappropriate. But so far they've done very well with the transition. I think that the momentum that they had coming into this quarter was really quite good for them, and this is their back-to-school quarter. So, you'll have to wait for their results to come out to talk to them. But I think you'll be happy there. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Vista, just your perceptions of that? 
 Paul Otellini:  Yes, I just got back from the Gartner conference. From an IT perspective, I think Vista is not something that people are exactly waiting for. There's going to be a measured deployment of this, as near as I can tell. At least that was the Gartner view and the CIO view that I saw down there.  I do think that on the other hand, though, you'll see it be instantaneously adopted, particularly in new machines in the consumer market. So it's probably a lot like we saw with XP where you see a very large chunk of the market, small and medium business consumers move quickly, and enterprise move more slowly. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  Does that dampen the fourth quarter then or help it in your opinion? 
 Paul Otellini:  I don't believe so. One of you guys asked me this question last quarter. In the range of the last five years of seasonality, we haven't had a new operating system. So when we talk about seasonality, we're really reflecting the norm without the new one versus what would happen if one had shipped this quarter versus next quarter. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers:  All right, thanks very much. 
Operator:  And, sir our next question is from the line of Adam Parker. 
 Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein:  Yes, hi, just a couple questions. You keep saying that the desktop market is competitive, Paul and you talked about how leading edge capacity and best products sell first and how you gained some market segment share. Can you talk about the uptick of Conroe? Has that been what you had anticipated? Has it been disappointing at all and what are some of the variables there? 
 Paul Otellini:  The overall uptick of Core 2 Duo in the PC space has been exactly where we thought it would be. Merome has been a little bit better than we thought but Conroe was a little bit looser than we thought. The principal reasons are infrastructure in both cases. Merome plugged into an existing Yonah socket. Conroe , in particular for the high volume SKUs out of the larger multi-nationals, awaited the integrated graphics version of Broadwater, which didn't really ship until September. So the volume was a little bit later in terms of the high volume ramp of that one. The gamers all came out with it and the high-end discrete graphics machines were all out there but the integrated graphics volume price points were a little later in the curve than we first thought.  I think we're beyond that point now. All of the majors are now shipping with integrated graphics and multiple price points. Now it's just a matter of ramping into the very high volume price points over the next couple of quarters. 
 Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: A follow-up is how do you think about raising pricing or improving the pricing environment versus ceding market share? In other words, which variable is more important to you? Because the obvious math says raising pricing is more important and it seems like you're considering more of a duopoly pricing environment; but you seem also focused on market share. I'm trying to figure how you're balancing those two things. 
 Paul Otellini:  I'm very much a believer that the best technology wins. Right now Core 2 Duo, Conroe, Merome and Woodcrest are the best products. The faster we ramp those, the better chance we have of retaking market segment share. We use the Pentium brand as a very effective tool in the channel, in particular to retake share there because it's a healthy product with a good brand name, good recognition, very attractively priced. I don't have a recipe I'm going to give you for share versus pricing because the market doesn't really work that way. I know that it's very important to us in a high capital business to make sure that we maintain and continue to grow our historic share. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank. 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, guys. Just a couple questions on the pricing environment, trying not to be too repetitive with what other people had asked. Andy, in the past you've given us a little bit of a breakdown in the ASP pressure, whether it was coming from mix or like-for-like price cuts. In this past quarter, can you give us an idea of how that blended together? 
 Andy Bryant:  No, I can't give you much on it. We told you service did well. We told you Core 2 Duo is doing well. Those things are helping. Desktop continues to be the place where you have higher price pressures. So, it's not much difference. You also realize, it wasn't a major factor in the Q3 margin percentage drop. It was just one of three and probably equally weighted. In the fourth quarter, I didn't mention ASP as a factor for margin change. 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  So going forward, does there come a point that the mix component of ASPs becomes a tailwind rather than a headwind? 
 Andy Bryant:  Again, it's tough to speculate on what ASPs will do next year. There are a lot of different variables. For right now, I want to just leave it. I think the Q4 environment is a little better than Q3 environment. 
 Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Then one final one on the inventory side of the equation. Last quarter you talked a bit about the valuation creep as the new products moved from raw materials to WIP. You mentioned that this quarter, as well. In your guidance for inventory to drop slightly in the out quarter, how should we think about units versus that sort of markup as the new products move to finished goods? 
 Andy Bryant:  Boy, you'll get a very different answer across different parts of the product line. So, if you said 65-nanometer processors, units will go up. If you want 90-nanometer processors, unit will go down pretty markedly. If you go 90-nanometer chipsets, it will go up. If you go older technology chipsets, it will go down.  So in total and overall, it probably won't change a whole lot, but the quality of the mix will improve pretty dramatically. 
Operator:  And sir, our next question is from the line of Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Good afternoon, guys. First question for you, Paul, if I could. I think your microprocessor units overall were at record levels in the fourth quarter of last year. We've had down comparisons as we've gone through this year. If you look at fourth quarter of this year, given the expectations for a fairly seasonally normal period, would you expect to get back to record levels for the units overall for the company? 
 Paul Otellini: You know, I haven't actually done that calculation so I'm not sure I would give you the answer if I had it, but I haven't done it. Because you're talking about a different kind of mix now. So, the issue is how fast mobile grows and server grows versus the desktop share of the PC market shrinking. I haven't looked at it in that granularity, Mark, sorry. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-on then, Paul. When you look at 2007 as a whole and you think about the manufacturing footprint that you have, what type of share gains are necessary to keep those fabs fully loaded and to prevent any meaningful increase in inventories from current levels? 
 Paul Otellini: I mean, that's a level of detail and share gain and unit projections that we're not comfortable giving out yet. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Then maybe just one for Andy if possible. With the 45-nanometer costs starting to perk up here Andy, what should we think about the rate of ramp as we go through the first half of next year? 
 Andy Bryant:  I won't give you anything new. What I'll tell you is, we do expect it to be a little less than what we saw with 65-nanometer. I'll give you more quantification in January when we start talking about margins for next year. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  But I guess it's fair to say that from here we'll continue to increase in dollars on a sequential basis? 
 Andy Bryant:  Certainly, through the first half of next year, yes. I haven't looked at the third quarter yet, but through the first half of next year, yes. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thanks, a lot guys.  Your next question comes from Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. 
 Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: I wondered if you could talk about the incremental margins that you guys are seeing with the new micro architecture products? In other words, as those become a larger part of the mix, all else being equal, what do we think about gross margins on a like-for-like basis? Are they generally better margin products than the products that they are replacing? 
 Andy Bryant: Again, I don't want to forecast margin by product. What we know is they cost less. So, I'll tell you I expect to see costs trending down as those become a bigger and bigger percentage. As far as the pricing environment, we don't forecast ASPs for Q4, we're not forecasting ASPs for next year. I can't give you that piece of it. Costs will improve with the new products, yes. 
 Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: That's the case for each one of the products and each one of the categories: server, desktop and mobile? 
 Andy Bryant:  Pretty much. It may be the dye is a different percentage of the cost of each of the pieces, but the dyes are less expensive in all cases. 
 Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey:  With the headcount reduction and the cost savings that come as a result of that, it looks like most of that is done by the end of this year. As we look at '07, should we assume that most of that cost reduction is realized in the first quarter of the year and then some of it trickles out through the year? 
 Andy Bryant: I wouldn't make that assumption yet. What we said is 95,000 people on board by the end of this year, 92,000 middle of next year, we haven't provided you a number for the end of the year, but my suspicion is it will be a little lower than 92,000. So, you certainly see the biggest effects in Q4, Q1. I think this program continues probably for the next four to five quarters.  Some of the ideas we have we are pursuing, some of the processes we're reworking, we know will take anywhere from three to four quarters to get implemented. So, yes it continues for a while. Clearly the front end is the biggest end, but I think you'll be able to see improvements, as I said, four to five quarters beyond. 
 Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey:  Okay great. Thank you. 
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse. 
 Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse:  Yes, thanks a lot. In the enterprise market, and mobile and desktop specifically, you guys had a pretty good lock historically. Can you talk, has there been any change in the dynamic, any kinds of designs wins or customer wins from your competitor that are concerning you at this point? 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, every one that they win is one less that we have. So yes, any one would concern us. But I think that we're very pleased as I said earlier, with the scope of the design wins on the new products both at large accounts, smaller new wave accounts and channel. It's been, by any measure, the most successful and broadest product refresh we've ever had. Having the capacity to take advantage of that is really the key to the whole new product structure working out for us. 
 Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse:  So, in other words, your current view on market share suggests you're not going to lose any share and most of your CapEx is built upon that? 
 Paul Otellini:  We are not giving you CapEx for next year yet. But we're certainly not going to put in less capacity than we think we need to serve the market. 
 Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse:  Got it. To follow-up on that point, when you think about your CapEx plan for next year, and I understand that you're not giving it to us yet, how much do you factor in your competitor's capacity? Do you consider that or do you build it really just based upon what the market will bear? 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, we certainly look at it, but as I said earlier, our view is that we factor in our lead on capacity. So we enter the year so far ahead on advanced technology and we exit the year even farther ahead on advanced technology. I believe very strongly that you sell the best products first in this market. That has not changed in two-and-a-half decades of the PC and it's not going to change going forward, in my mind. 
 Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse:  Got you. Just to follow-up on the whole platform strategy, you've talked about in the past being more important going forward, you announced Viiv and vPro. Just give us an update on where those stand and have they lived up to expectations? I know some of them are brand new. 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, Centrino is cranking away, we're in our third generation. We talked about what the fourth generation looks like at IDF by adding NAND and adding new chipsets and adding better a graphics and WiMAX. Viiv is also in its second half of the year in term of shipments. The product line was significantly upgraded over the summer to enable remote wireless, remote broadcast of protected content to large screens around the house. There was a software upgrade for the installed base and new machines.  I have to say, though, that Viiv is probably suffering from the overall consumer market not being as robust as we first thought 12 months ago. So, as our views of the entire market shifted over the course of this year, Viiv was one of the products that came down along with that.  Having said that, we're thinking that it's nicely poised for the holiday selling season and people are moving more and more of their content to these kinds of machines. It's the best media machine out there.  vPro just started shipments and I'm very encouraged by the design wins. But I think this is like any enterprise product, it has its own deployment cycle. 
 Michael Masdea – Credit Suisse:  Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Wu – Global Crown Capital. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  Thank you. Two quick ones. First on the desktop, do you see a change in the competitive dynamics in Asia Pacific, where your competitor is spending a lot of focus on that market and how quickly would that market shift to Conroe, in your opinion?  The last one is on the flash business, it's [inaudible] numbers but the operating losses are coming down despite lower revenue. I know that NAND flash is ramping over at Intel Micron and I assuming the losses are going to increase with time in '07. How do you balance better profitability in the NOR and losses, presumably increased costs on the NAND side? 
 Paul Otellini:  Let me take the first part and have Andy take the second part. The APAC dynamic on desktops is one that, as I said earlier, really reflects the most heightened sense of competition in the marketplace today for a variety of reasons. Conroe actually had a earlier and stronger uptake in the channel than it did at multinationals, principally because the channel sells more discrete-based graphic machines than the multinationals do traditionally. We saw that take off nicely and it's one of the reasons we saw channel sales throughout the quarter, including the September month.  So, I'm encouraged with that product there. And the channel players can move quickly, they can offer very good prices and they can try to be in the market before larger competitors and that give them their early to market advantage. 
 Andy Bryant:  On the flash business, there are two separate divisions inside the group. You have the NOR and the NAND. NOR, is quite frankly, making good progress. As we've noted, their revenue was down, that was a disappointment. We lost some share. But if you look at the other dynamics of the business, the spending is lower, getting more efficient, the cost per units are getting lower. New products are coming out, which we think are topnotch products. Get a little revenue growth there and that business is going to start to resemble a well-rounded, dynamic business for us.  So, the NOR flash business, the same goals. Keep driving revenues, keep controlling costs, keep improving your manufacturing costs.  NAND is in its start-up phase. We knew that when we approved the program. I would say we're pretty much where we expected to be. If anything, the loss may be a little higher, only because we think the opportunity is good and we're investing a little quicker. What you'll see in the P&L for a while, you're right, a semiconductor business that's in start-up mode, investing in engineering and manufacturing capability ahead of the revenue stream is a couple of pretty tight years. Right now it's on our expectations and as CFO I'd like to see better numbers quicker, but this is what we expected and it's delivering. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks, guys. Let me ask you about structural gross margins. Andy, maybe for you with Dual Core, with more competitive AMD, if you look out several quarters and really look at the overall mix of things, how does the business look compared to maybe what you've seen in prior cycles when you've ramped in full production on those new products? 
 Andy Bryant: I'm really not ready to give a long-term gross margin. I'll probably never give a long-term one. At the end of the year I'll certainly give more insight than I will now into the next few quarters.  I will talk about costs. If you look at costs per microprocessors, cost per units and you looked at the time we were putting them on boards, little cards, the costs of the microprocessor doesn't change dramatically over time. We did see one of the few spikes when we when with the first 90-nanometer Dual Core. The new products, we're going to bring the costs back down nicely. It's going to be pretty much in line with historical. Possibly, again, a slight trend down.  So, where the costs are going, I'm fine with. What will happen on the pricing side, which is the other half of margin has to do with, as Paul says, are our products the best, is the manufacturing technology the best? Can we fill the high end of the stack? How much capacity does AMD have? What do they do with it? So, those questions we need to wait and let some time pass before we answer. The cost side, we can drive. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Great. And then maybe follow-up on AMD's acquisition of ATI, can you talk a little bit about how that's changed the way you look at chipsets and graphics going forward and how you're partnering? How is that changing the environment for you? 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, it doesn't have a significant change. Most of our processors go with our chipsets anyway. Particularly coming out of last year where we had a rather acute shortage of third-party chipsets, we've made plans in terms of capacity planning to be able to handle a larger chunk of our own needs ourselves. I think you see our competitors similarly having a strategy that's trying to do the same thing.  The real issue is in the discrete graphics market. Obviously, NVIDIA, I believe, will continue to support both parties. I don't know what the plans are from ATI. So from a discrete graphics standpoint, that may be the one element that we have to take a look at. But I think there we're very comfortable with our ability to continue to grow the generational capabilities of integrated graphics by throwing Moore's Law of Transistors at it. 
 Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus:  Any thoughts in taking maybe a shot at the discrete graphics again yourself? 
 Paul Otellini:  Well, there's always thoughts. If you're asking plans, I really can't comment. 
Alex Lenke :  Operator, we'll take two more questions. 
Operator:  Sir, our next question is from the line of Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities:  Yes. As Core 2 Duo ramps up in the desktop space, will that be one of the key factors in helping your desktop ASP stabilize going forward? Or can you talk about the factors which could potentially lead to a desktop ASP stabilizing? 
 Paul Otellini:  I think the Conroe ramp and the Core 2 Duo ramp in general, are one of the reasons that Andy cited confidence on a firmer price environment. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: The Vista ramp, what do you feel about the adequacy of the Broadwater chipset to handle DX9 and potentially DX10 graphics? 
 Paul Otellini:  Actually, Broadwater, is to my knowledge, is the first DX10 capable machine out there. It is qualified for Vista Gold or it is capable of handling Vista Gold when Vista Gold comes out on the high end of the line. We worked very closely with Microsoft to make sure that happens so the majority of computer users can have the best graphic experience. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities:  Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, our final question is from the line of Gus Richard - First Albany Capital. 
 Gus Richard - First Albany:  Thanks so much for taking my question. On the NOR flash business, the decision to stay in that business, is that more strategic or is it P&L driven? And if it's strategic, where does it fit in going forward? 
 Andy Bryant: That's a business that we believe has to provide a return and pay for itself and that's what we're trying to get it reshaped in order to do. As I've said, we're making progress. We have more to go, obviously. 
 Gus Richard - First Albany:  Got it. Then in terms of improving performance, you've got 45 nanometer coming out next year and then a new architecture after that. Which one -- could you sort of handicap which one is going to drive MIPS or what is going to drive performance? Is it going to more the processor or more the architecture? 
 Paul Otellini:  It's both. At IDF, I know I talked about this. We said that going forward from today forward over the rest of this decade we're going to deliver a 300% increase in performance per watt based upon that road map we put up there. Some of that comes through the capability that the transistor budget gives you, which is one element of the technology transition. The other is that we will continue to drive for lower power capability and lower leakage orientation at the transistor level, which helps the performance per watt independent of what the performance is.  So the new silicon technologies are being optimized much more than they were in the old days for mobility, for power-friendly environments, for low leakage, that kind of stuff. 
 Gus Richard - First Albany:  Got it. Thank you. 
Alex Lenke : We'd like to thank everyone for listening to today's call. A recorded playback of this call will be available at approximately 5 pm Pacific Time tonight. Those interested should dial 1-888-286-8010 and reference pass code 18401155. Thank you. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-20 17:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Paul Otellini - Chief Executive Officer   Andy Bryant - Chief Financial Officer   Alex Lenke - Acting Director, Investor Relations 
Analysts: Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch   Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities   Mark Lipacis - Prudential Equity Group   John Lau - Jefferies & Co.   Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.   Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Chris Danely - JP Morgan   Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners   Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc. 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2006 Intel Corporation earnings conference call.  (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Alex Lenke, acting Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Alex Lenke: Thank you. Welcome to the Intel second quarter earnings conference call. Attending from Intel are CEO Paul Otellini and CFO Andy Bryant.  Before we begin, please bear with me while I read our Safe Harbor language.  The second quarter earnings report discusses Intel's business outlook and contains forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements, and all other statements that may be made on this call that are not historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our press release for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.  The specific forward-looking statements cover expectations for product mix and demand, revenue, gross margin, expenses, tax rates, interest and other income, capital spending, depreciation and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, and cost.  These statements do not reflect the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or other business combinations that may be completed after July 18, 2006.  Lastly, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC and Reg. G, you will find on our website. www.intc.com, the required reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  With that, let me turn it over to Paul. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Andy Bryant: Thanks, Paul. The second quarter was the time for facing the challenges of the market, while moving ahead with plans to improve our products and capabilities. Competition, market softness, a product mix shift in customer inventory levels entering the quarter, were among the challenges.  In growth and servers, chipsets for mobile computers and communications infrastructure were among the bright spots.  While we have trimmed the outlook for gross margin for the year, we continue to tackle the cost structure with reductions in capital spending, R&D, and headcount. We have also reduced our level of cash and the number of shares outstanding.  As Paul stated, we made excellent progress in pushing forward with new products to support a stronger second half.  Revenue for the second quarter was $8 billion, at the low-end of our forecast in April, and down 10% from the first quarter. Most of the sequential change in revenue came from lower average selling prices and unit volumes of microprocessors for the desktop and notebook segments.  Average selling prices declined as the market moved a bit to lower price mix within both performance and value segments in an unusually competitive pricing environment. In all geographies and in the channel, revenue was lower than seasonal, indicating some overall softness in the PC market segment.  Some of the decline also can be attributed to customers working through first quarter inventory. We believe we have met our goal to get customer inventories of our products in balance with business levels and in an appropriate mix for our new product ramp.  Chipsets and other products in the mobility group delivered revenue growth of 16%. In the server business, revenue was up on improving average selling prices and unit volumes. In a year to year comparison, quarterly revenue was down approximately $1.2 billion, or 13%. Revenue in the digital enterprise group was down 23%, while revenue for the mobility group was up slightly. Among the geographies, the year to year revenue decline was highest in Europe, which was down 24%, and Asia-Pacific, which was down 14%. Japan's revenue was up 3%, marking the 15th consecutive quarter of year-to-year revenue growth.  Gross margin dollars of $4.2 billion, including share-based compensation of $66 million, were down 16% from the first quarter. Gross margin percentage was 52.1% on a GAAP basis. Without share-based compensation, gross margin percentage was 52.9%. A decrease from the first quarter of 3.4 points on a non-GAAP basis came primarily from lower average selling prices for microprocessors, lower overall unit volume for microprocessors, and a mix shift or lower margin product in certain areas, offset somewhat by lower inventory write-downs.  In April, our quarterly forecast for gross margin percentage, excluding share-based compensation, was 50% plus or minus a couple points. The improvement of 2.9 points from the midpoint of the forecast was a function of better-than-expected inventory evaluations, including qualification for production for some new products and improvements in unit cost for chipsets and microprocessors, offset by the mix-shift in microprocessors toward products with lower average selling prices.  In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage, excluding share-based compensation, is 3.5 points lower than the second quarter of 2005, primarily as a result of lower revenue, offset somewhat by lower start-up costs.  Spending, R&D and MG&A was $3.1 billion, in line with our forecast in April. Excluding share-based compensation of $266 million, spending decreased by approximately 3% from the first quarter but is up 12% from a year ago. Spending has grown as a percentage of revenue. However, cost-cutting efforts are in the initial phases.  The number of employees declined during the quarter to 102,500, which does not reflect the loss of 1,400 people we expect to be employed by Marvell, and 1,000 people whose positions were recently eliminated. With these actions and attrition, we expect the number of employees to be below 100,000 by the end of the year.  Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.15. Excluding share-based compensation, earnings per share would have been $0.19.  Quarterly average shares outstanding are down nearly 6% from a year ago.  On the balance sheet, inventories of $4.3 billion were up over $750 million from the first quarter, as we ramp production of microprocessors on a 65-nanometer process and produced associated chipsets.  The Conroe microprocessor qualified for production during the quarter and contributed to higher inventories, as did the Broadwater chipset. Broadwater ramped nicely and had good demand, which provided better unit cost and lower than expected write-downs.  We continue to reduce the levels of cash. Total cash investments, comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ended the quarter at $7.2 billion, down by $1.5 billion from the first quarter.  Stock repurchases were $1 billion. Capital spending was $1.7 billion, and dividend payments were nearly $600 million.  As a reminder, we indicated in April that we expect to reduce the level of our stock repurchases over coming quarters to less than half the first quarter rate as we continue to manage our cash flow.  As we turn now to the outlook for the third quarter, please keep in mind that the forecast data do not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or external transactions that may be completed after July 18th. I will use a mid-point of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue in the third quarter to be between $8.3 billion and $8.9 billion, an increase of approximately 7.5%, in line with seasonal patterns. If revenue for the second quarter is adjusted for the inventory burn, then the growth rate for the third quarter forecast would be at the low end of seasonal patterns. This forecast for Q3 assumes higher revenue than the second quarter for microprocessors, chipsets, and flash memory.  Our expectations for gross margin percentage in the third quarter is 49%, plus or minus a couple points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin, the forecast for gross margin percentage is 50%, plus or minus a couple points.  Higher microprocessor unit costs, as we ramp production of the Dual-core product, and some erosion in average selling prices will lower gross margin percentage, while higher unit volumes will partially offset the decrease.  Keep in mind that gross margin in the second quarter benefited from the qualification of new products.  Spending, R&D plus MG&A should be approximately $3 billion. The forecast includes approximately $300 million of share-based compensation. Without the impact of these charges, spending should be approximately $2.7 billion. This level of spending is flat to down slightly from the second quarter on higher revenue, and indicates some progress at reducing spending as a percent of revenue.  Looking beyond the third quarter, we anticipate a fourth quarter with seasonal growth from the third quarter. In the last ten years, growth from the third to fourth quarter has varied widely, and averaged approximately 10%. This is likely to result in annual revenue for the year that is lower than our outlook in April, when we forecast a decrease of approximately 3% compared to 2005 within a wide range of variability.  We expect gross margin percentage for the year to be 51%, plus or minus a few points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin, the forecast is 52%, plus or minus a few points. The adjustment in the forecast reflects lower revenue, primarily due to lower ASPs. The main causes of the decline from 59.4% in 2005, are lower prices of microprocessors, higher unit costs as we move to Dual-core, and higher cost for chipsets mitigated by lower start-up costs.  As a result of several cost savings actions, we have again lowered the forecast for R&D and capital spending for the year. The forecast for R&D is now $100 million lower, at approximately $6 billion. This brings us to our previous goal for total spending for R&D, marketing, and G&A of $12.1 billion. Without share-based compensation of approximately $500 million, the forecast for R&D is $5.5 billion, up 7% from 2005.  Without share-based compensation of approximately $600 million, the forecast for total spending is $11 billion, essentially flat with 2005. This includes spending for the IM flash technology joint venture.  We have also lowered the capital spending forecast by $400 million to $6.2 billion, plus or minus $200 million.  The estimated tax rate for the third and fourth quarters of 2006 is unchanged at approximately 30.5%.  In summary, we look ahead to our business improving in the second half, with outstanding new products and seasonal growth. While business remains competitive, we are focused on doing the right things -- delivering compelling products, competing for sales, proceeding with systematic and comprehensive cost-cutting, and executing superbly with 65-nanometer, while laying the groundwork for the next generation.  With that, let me turn it over to Alex for Q&A. 
Alex Lenke: Thanks, Andy. We will now open the conference call for Q&A. We will attempt to take questions from as many participants as possible. To help in this process, we ask that you please limit yourselves to only one question, and no more than one brief follow-up. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Andy, I had a couple of questions. First, it seems, at least on a sequential basis, the notebook business was off fairly significantly. Conversely, the mobile chipset business did very well. Could you help us understand what occurred there?  Secondly, you have indicated that cost on the dual-core ramp will impact margins significantly for Q3. Is the expectation still that this will start to be a little bit of a tailwind in Q4, as you had indicated at the analyst day, or has that changed? Thank you. 
Andy Bryant: On the cost one, I would expect us to start to see the turnover in cost units in the fourth quarter, and continuing into next year. My guess is the expensive dual-core product peak will be in the third quarter, and we will start to see the newer products have meaningful effect in the fourth quarter. In terms of the notebook... 
Paul Otellini: Why don't I take that one? In general, what we are seeing is an expansion of the notebook segment as a percent of the overall PC market. In the second quarter shipments, we saw quite a bit of expansion shipped, if you will, in the mix from the high end to the low end, principally driven by retail purchases. Consumer notebooks tend to sell for a lot less than business notebooks and they tend to use a lower-end microprocessor.  There may also have been some hesitation in front of our price move and in front of our Merom launch, so I think those three things combined to get you to the… The chipset business is up in mobile, which indicates the continuing growth in mobile. We have a fairly high market segment share in mobile chipsets anyway, so I think that one is a good leading indicator on where the notebook business is going, in terms of what you see. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Andy, with respect to the inventory levels, could you give us a sense on how you would expect them to look going forward, based on-hand, and maybe what you perceive in the channel? I was also wondering if you could give any color with respect to your guidance as a midpoint to 07 of how we should view the unit growth versus the ASP direction? Thank you. 
Andy Bryant: In terms of inventory levels, I will give a long-winded answer, because I also want to explain a little bit about the second quarter, which [multiple speakers] …up over $750 million. If you remember at the beginning of the quarter, we expected a little less than half of that. We knew we would be trying to ramp Broadwater in that period of time. We did not expect Conroe to qualify until the third quarter.  So what happened, if you look inside the quarter, the surprise increase in inventory is several hundred million for the Conroe product line, better health in Broadwater, so I took lower inventory reserves there. A third element is in the second quarter, my mix was a little lower so I had a little more dual-core content in inventory, so it is a little higher.  Essentially what I am trying to paint to you is what happened in the second quarter is I built a lot of product that is 65-nanometer processors and 90-nanometer chipsets, which is why I think is an okay thing.  Going into the third quarter, I would expect profits to be about flat. We had a big profit evaluation in the second quarter for the Conroe and Woodcrest. I would expect chipsets to still grow a little bit. I still think we are digging ourselves out of the chipset hole. At some point, we made steps to turn that over but not in the third quarter.  So overall, expect a little increase in the third quarter, but I do not think it is a big increase. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Sort of the $200 million, the same kind of range that you advocate or you thought before? That kind of framework? How should we view that? 
Andy Bryant: Well, I hate to put a number on it. That's an acceptable magnitude. If I were to see $200 million, it would not startle me. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Then you would expect it to go down, obviously, in the calendar fourth quarter? 
Andy Bryant: I would expect fourth quarter to start to turn that down, yes. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Can you give us any framework there? 
Andy Bryant: As bad as I was at forecasting inventory in Q2, I want to wait but yes, I would expect a slight increase in the third quarter, a slight decrease in the fourth.  Your other question was? 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Was with respect to the midpoint of your revenue grade, your expectations in terms of how we should think about unit growth and ASPs. Should we think about ASPs coming down a little bit? 
Andy Bryant: ASPs do come down a bit in the third quarter. We do see a pretty tough pricing environment.  If you look inside the second quarter, we came in at the low-end of our range and most of that was ASPs. If you look at the units we shipped into the marketplace, if you look at the units we think our customers burnt out of the inventories, it came in almost exactly has we had forecasted to you guys in April. The surprise was it was a little bit lower mix, a little bit lower price.  When I look at my full year, even though our full year, if you do the math, is going to be down a fair amount, it is mostly pricing. The unit environment, the demand for product seems pretty normal in terms of purchasing -- a little weak, so don't change your mind -- again, we know Q1, Q2 was a little weak, but I would paint a normal second half off of the first half in terms of units. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: ASPs in the mid-single-digit decline, is that what I should think about in the third quarter? Just some kind of approximation? 
Andy Bryant: I cannot go to that level of granularity. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: So despite the normal units, you have the extra inventory and you think the inventory goes up in the third quarter, what do you think is normal units then? 
Andy Bryant: Again, go back and look at Gardner or anybody else's unit demand in Q3’s of years gone by. It is not too far off for revenue as well. You can get pretty close. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Osha with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: You are saying that you qualified Conroe more quickly than thought, so those wafers become part of inventory as opposed to just flowing through the P&L, right? 
Andy Bryant: That's correct, and that was about $200 million worth. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: First question then, why does that not show up in the R&D, which basically came in where you thought? As I look at this, and I look at… 
Andy Bryant: Slow down, slow down -- not so fast. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Andy Bryant: If the product had not qualified, the expense would have not been in R&D. It would have been in other costs of sales, similar to our start-up costs. So what it does is it flips out of cost of sales into inventory. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Andy Bryant: Our margin being a couple of points high, this is part of the reason, but with inventory being a $200 million high, again, they kind of balance. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Second question, as I look at the timing and the mix of your ramp, it seems to me like an awful lot of this inventory addition has got to be dual-core Pentium D, right? Which is the expensive-to-manufacture part that you are going to sell and then end-of-life over the next couple of quarters, right? 
Andy Bryant: Some of it is, yes. There was an increase in inventory of that product. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. As I look, I do some back-of-the-envelope math here, I see your SG&A and your R&D falling off in Q4. As I think of 2007, how should I think about the run rates for those operating expense lines? 
Andy Bryant: I would think they are going down again, as Paul -- it is going to be hard for me to give you a magnitude. As Paul said, we are going through efficiency project evaluations now. We would be very disappointed not to see a significant dollar savings as we get into next year, but I really would like to finish that project before I give you a number. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify, down from the Q4 run rate, or down '07 on '06? The numbers, as I look at that Q4 run rate, are you saying that it goes down from there? 
Andy Bryant: Again, since we are not done with the work yet, I am giving you a bias that I do not have studied numbers behind, okay? My belief is it is down from the Q4 run rate and down year over year, both. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Paul, may I ask one philosophical question before I go away? 
Paul Otellini: Certainly. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch: You have a great new product lineup, and I think everybody knows that. Why on earth run up inventory like this? It creates a problem that appears to me to be obscuring the progress you would otherwise be making. 
Paul Otellini: I do not think that we are running up inventory or creating a problem. If you look at the history of Intel, we generally take care of our inventory pretty well. If I have made one mistake in the last two years, it was that we did not build enough chips at inventory at the right time in second half '04, early '05. That got us in trouble in terms of market share and got us in trouble in terms of our customers and everything else.  We think that we are starting wafers on the right products now and I am very comfortable with the current build plans and factory loadings. 
Joe Osha - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities. Please proceed. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities : Yes, Andy, you talk about the $1 billion in operating expense, the savings there. Should we be looking at $1 billion taken out of part of op-ex between 2007 versus what the new guidance is for 2006? Can you give us some time frame for that op-ex reduction? 
Andy Bryant: The $1 billion out of this year essentially kept us flat to last year. I want everyone to understand, it is not like we cut a billion out of last year's total. We cut a billion out of our run rate, which got us to flat.  What will happen next year is going to be more a function of what happens in the efficiency project. I do expect it to go down. I do expect it to go down from Q4, but I really need to finish the work to know how much. I know you would like to have a number. I have to resist at this point but again, I expect to make real progress next year. I expect it to be a lower number. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities : Paul, on the three-tiered pricing structure that you spoke about, does this imply a long tail to the NetBurst networks, where you have the three-brand structure, or should we anticipate a pretty quick flash out of the Pentium 4 NetBurst architecture? 
Paul Otellini: We have the opportunity to use a number of micro-architectural dye in that brand. I do not think it implies a long tail to NetBurst as much as it implies a long tail to using Pentium and bringing that into newer, lower price points.  In particular, we find this an intriguing opportunity in emerging markets, where Pentium is quite well known but as a percent of the overall sales, because of price points of systems, it has not been the predominant line item in the Intel lineup. By having new systems, new CPU price points, we enable new system price points for Pentium in these markets, and we think that is an advantage to us. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis. Please proceed, sir. 
Mark Lipacis - Prudential Equity Group: Two brief questions. First, Andy, can you give us a sense of the cash flow from operations for the quarter? 
Andy Bryant: Cash flow from operations for the quarter -- no, I do not have that number with me. We did a $1 billion in buy back, we pulled cash down a little bit. It is probably some positive, but not a big number. I would have to get that, I do not have that. 
Mark Lipacis - Prudential Equity Group: Okay, fair enough. Second question, of the inventory that you have on the books, can you give us a sense of what percentage of those are from the new micro-architecture products? 
Andy Bryant: If you look at the total, it's an odd answer. If you look at the growth of $750-some million, it is most of it. If you look at dual-core and you look add Broadwater, we grew in those spaces -- essentially all of the growth. You still have flash, you still have communications products, you still have motherboards -- all of those products are still there at about the same level they have been. 
Mark Lipacis - Prudential Equity Group: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lau with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Co. : In terms of questions about your relationships with your major customer and the rumors about expanding usage from your competitor, what are the key issues that you think are driving the decisions? With new products out, is it performance anymore? Is it more pricing, supply chain management -- what are the key levers for the decision process now that you have your new products out, Paul? 
Paul Otellini: I tend to be pretty monolithic in this thinking. I think it is a bit of all of the above, but technology and good products tend to be the overarching drivers of success in our industry.  You have seen the write-ups on the new products, the new micro-architectures. You have seen customers talking about them in a very positive fashion. You have seen the press talking about them in very positive fashion.  I think at the end of the day, our job is to make sure we build the best products. Great new products very often ignite markets -- examples, Centrino a few years back, and I think that with this new class of products, we can perhaps lift the entire market as we go forward.  Independent of that, the addition of those products gives us a much better competitive posture, particularly when you look at the three-brand strategy now. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Co. : Along the lines of expanding the new markets, Paul, you do have the dual-cores now, quad cores coming by the end of the year. In terms of how the migration path in the market place when you have these new products in, what is the typical time in which you are going to see those next killer applications? Is it about a year away, or nine months from now? 
Paul Otellini: Well, it depends on a -- segment by segment. In the server segment, quad core doesn't need new software. Server software today is all threaded, so it just takes advantage of that as long as you can keep the pipelines full. We have done a pretty good job on architecting that to get high efficiency out of those quad-core machines. These are dual processor quad core machines.  In the extreme gamer community, the quad core also can be readily adopted quite quickly because the software is tuned for it. Ditto on the workstation business.  When you start talking about mainstream microprocessors, I agree, we have a ways before the applications can take advantage of all of that horsepower, but it is not that far away. Most people are running multi-tasking environments today already. 
John Lau - Jefferies & Co. : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities : Thank you. Paul, just a longer term question with respect to pricing for the microprocessor industry. Obviously we have seen some of your larger customers begin to use your competitor on a more broader basis than at any time we have seen in history. If we look at the new product lineup, which looks like it is going to be much more competitive, are we expecting ASPs to begin to move up as we progress with the ramp of core-dual into next year? 
Paul Otellini: I do not think we are giving out ASP guidance today, Michael, so I am going to avoid that.  I think the criteria is going to be, how does the mix settle out, geography by geography, quarter by quarter? In terms of the percent of our products that are going to be dual-core micro-architecture based versus Pentium versus Celeron. I think that we have not had this kind of lineup in a long time, and we certainly have never had a three-brand strategy.  To the extent that we can create pull and demand around these new products, you can get some lift. I will tell you that we have shifted virtually all of our direct advertising in the second half of this year to focus on Core 2 Duo, and you will start seeing those in billboards and print ads and television ads throughout the second half, particularly as we move into the peak selling season, from Labor Day on. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities : One follow-up, just on the restructuring. You said in the prepared comments that headcount could fall below 100,000 by the end of the year. There has been some pretty large numbers going around in terms of the amount of employees we could be seeing reductions for. Not trying to read the tea leaves, but should we be thinking that the restructuring or the employee reductions will not be on a very broad basis, or maybe more tempered? 
Andy Bryant: Do not make that connection, yes. What you should be thinking of, if we did no new restructuring activity, I will get it below 100,000. We believe between now and to the next two months, we will make a variety of decisions, some of which may have [inaudible] headcount implications yet this year, which would take the number down even lower. So I am not making that next statement yet.  On what we have done today, I will get below 100. We may have actions that will take it even lower before the end of the year. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thank you. When we looked at your '06 estimate, you talked about how we have seen it go from the high-single digits now to the low, an increase to a high-single digit decrease. You stated a lot of that was really due to the ASP side. Help me understand kind of how that kind of happens. What kind of environment really led to that pricing environment? What gives you confidence that we are not going to see that again in your ability to forecast that we are not going to see that again? 
Andy Bryant: Well, it is possible it will happen again. If you go through the math, we have a relatively wide range in Q3, and we said Q4 will be seasonal off whatever that final number would be. So right now, I am not picking a number for the year and saying thank God I finally figured it out. The environment we found ourselves in the second quarter, ASPs were down [inaudible] to price for two reasons. One is the competitive price environment, and one, it was a little bit lower mix than we expected.  What we have done is assumed the competitive price environment stays. As Paul said, the product lineup gets stronger and stronger. Hopefully that allows us to gain some traction there. We have made a forecast that says we think that there will be a “normal” Q4 off of the third quarter, which is 7.5% off of a weak Q2.  I do not think it is a particularly aggressive forecast for the rest of the year, but I certainly do not have a forecasting track record this year that says I can bet on it. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: That is fair enough. Then on the inventory side, given where we are now and given what you said about production and everything else, are you thinking about any sort of difference in your inventory target in terms of days going forward? Has it changed at all? Should we read anything into the cap-ex in terms of what you think production should be versus demand? 
Andy Bryant: A couple things there. In terms of “inventory strategy”, no, I think we are in the middle of a product transition, and in the middle of a product transition, you want to aggressively build the new products and then carefully manage the older products. That is what we are doing. Hopefully up a little in the third quarter, down some in the fourth quarter, see where the market is and then figure out what we need to do for the rest of next year.  If you asked me would I like to see it be lower, of course. If you ask me if I am concerned where it is, the answer is no because we need to make this product transition.  On the capital spending side, think of it in two ways. One is, of the reduction of the midpoint by $400 million, half of it is essentially slower construction spending. So we have all of the same construction projects we thought we would have. We just slowed down some, which means some spending falls into next year instead of this year.  The other half, about $200 million, actually comes from, I hate to use this word, it's not the “efficiency” project, but when a company starts to focus on getting more efficient, you start to find ways to increase utilization of tools. In this case, almost all of the second $200 million comes from the back-end processor [inaudible], where we found a way to increase the loadings into the equipment in those factories and we can save a couple hundred million dollars.  We do not think it changes our capacity. We think it is just better use of the capacity we plan to have. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: So in other words, you are going to reassess at the end of the year, based on what you have done in the second half of this year and what ’07 looks like in terms of… 
Andy Bryant: In terms of inventory, yes. In terms of capital, I hope that through this project, I find six more ways to increase my utilization of my equipment and save some more money. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Parker. Please proceed. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Just one on inventory and one around wireless. I am still not sure. I heard Paul say you do not think you are running up inventory, and Andy, you said this is kind of what happens in the middle of a product transition. I guess I’m wondering, what level would you be concerned about it? If I look at days of inventory, it is basically among the highest it has ever been, so why is that the wrong thing to look at? If it is only slightly up and it is slightly down the next couple of quarters, doesn't it create a problem heading into '07? Is there a risk you have to take, a big reserve here? Help me understand why you are so comfortable when history implies that you are in a danger zone here on inventory. 
Andy Bryant: I don't think history implies I'm in a danger zone on inventory. It does show it is higher than it has historically been, but at $4.3 billion of inventory, that is about one-quarter’s worth cost of sales. That is not a danger zone, especially when you have a 13-week prepare time anyway. I am not uncomfortable with the level of inventory. Would I like it to be less? Of course. I would always like to manage it more tightly, but it does not lead to big write-offs. I am pretty comfortable with that situation.  Now if you're telling me demand is going to fall off the table next year and I am going to have to unload factories, then it will be low.  Keep in mind what Paul says -- the last time we built inventory, it was not quite this magnitude but it was a big number, we jerked down the factories, created shortages in chipsets, affected our microprocessor business. We are going to try to make sure this time we do not overreact to a one-quarter inventory build, particularly since we think we have built all the right stuff. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : So you are viewing this as just kind of a one-quarter build, because it seems like it is more than that. When you guys had guided on your analyst day, you had said the net value of our microprocessor inventory will be down in Q2, and now it looks like, because of this qualification, it is up. I am just trying to figure out, could you have -- maybe it's a follow-up on Masdea’s question, could you have structurally higher days of inventory for the next year? 
Andy Bryant: You could, but that is certainly not a conscious decision we have made. In the analyst day, we did say microprocessor inventory would be flat to down, no question. Again, I did not count on Q2 qualifying Conroe and Woodcrest for $200 million, so that was not in my thinking envelope before.  The other thing that happened was we shipped from previously reserved inventories, so some of the lower-end mix products, I did not expect to ship those things. When I shipped those and replaced them with higher value dual-core in inventory, again, it grows a little bit.  So yes, I would say that the first 200 is good news surprise. The fact that my inventory mix is a little richer, I will not call it a good news surprise but I will call it an understood surprise.  In essence, it is not a place I am concerned about today. Now, if it grows another $800 million next quarter, then you can… 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Have you ever been concerned about it in the past? I mean… 
Andy Bryant: Have I been? Yes, I was concerned two years ago. I was the one who convinced Craig and Paul to slow down our inventories. I take responsibility for that and I was wrong. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : I guess what I'm saying is it looks so much worse now than it did two years ago, particularly because the demand outlook, if you look at GDP projections from economists, looks weaker now than it did at the same point two years ago. It seems hard on the surface, unless you are just explaining it largely as the new products, or all as the new products and the chipset ramp, the optics of it seem more difficult to understand for us dumb guys. 
Andy Bryant: I beg to differ. I think two years ago, we were looking at a potentially weaker economy. We also were looking at an overbuild that we had put in place for Prescott, which we knew was going to be a weak-yielding part to begin with, and it yielded well. We can relive the history, if you want. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Actually, if you look in Q2 of '04 at what the GDP projections were for the biggest 20 countries for the second half of the year and you compare them to what they are right now for the second half of this year, it looks weaker at this point now than it did two years ago. That is what I am worrying about, is you are going to get capacity growth exceeding revenue growth and have a further inventory build, and then your margins are impeded for longer than you currently expect, but it sounds like you have comfort around that. 
Andy Bryant: It is possible. What we have built in for the rest of the year is, like we said, it's a seasonal back-half off of a weak first half. If you tell me you think the worldwide economy is going into recession, I will have an inventory problem. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Right, well, we will all have problems. The other thing I wanted to ask about was just the wireless sale. Is there anything about that you embedded into your Q3 guides in terms of revenue? 
Andy Bryant: We think the business closes in the fourth quarter, so we kind of have it for the third quarter. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : I'm sorry, say that again? I could not hear you. 
Andy Bryant: We think the sale closes in the fourth quarter. We have it in the fourth quarter. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Okay, so the sale of this business, can you talk now that it's kind out, can you kind of remind us what -- I know, Andy, you do these kind of ten-year MPVs on your businesses, and obviously the assumptions there dramatically change but in retrospect, what can we learn from what happened to your original expectations, given a couple of years ago this was looked at a real big contributor to your future growth. How did that really change? 
Paul Otellini: Well, I think our view of the markets evolved. Remember, we always aimed that business at the Smartphone market and our ability to penetrate. We did quite well in the PDA portion of the Smartphones. We just didn't do that well, with a couple of notable exceptions, in the generic Smartphone, mostly because the generic Smartphone business did not take off as a percent of the market. The cell phone market is still very much low-end driven in terms of unit growth.  As we begin to evaluate our opportunity to participate in broader segments of that market going forward, we just did not see numbers that gave us a reasonable return on incremental investment going forward, hence the decision.  On the other hand, as we talked about in the analyst day, we are very, very excited about mobile PCs and low-power Intel architecture moving into these things and having computers get smaller with the communication capability. That is where we are putting our energy at this point in time. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : Was it pure coincidence that the same $600 million was the amount you invested in WiMAX the very next week? 
Paul Otellini: It's pure coincidence. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : All right. On the surface, you can say well, we did a ten-year MPV here that suggests this is going to be much better than we thought… 
Paul Otellini: Two ships passing in the night and they happen to be the same number when they passed. 
Adam Parker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. : All right. Thank you for your time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Thanks. Andy, when I look at your gross margin forecast for the year, I think I am reading it right that it is 51% for the year. If that is right, it implies that fourth quarter gross margins will actually be below third quarter gross margins. I want to make sure I am understanding that correctly. 
Andy Bryant: I am not making a fourth quarter gross margin forecast right now. What you have to recognize is the full year has three years of baggage behind it -- three quarters of actual behind it. So if you look at that fourth quarter, you are going to find you have a wide range of outcomes that still leads to a midpoint of 51%, plus or minus a few. So do not overanalyze it at this point. Do what you think makes sense. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: I.E., if revenues are up and utilization is up, in theory, you should be up? 
Andy Bryant: I believe cost per unit should get better in the fourth quarter. I believe the new products will be a higher percentage of our revenue in the fourth quarter, so there are some reasonably positive things out there. Again, let me wait a quarter before I give you a fourth quarter margin estimate. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, fair enough. I wanted to ask also some questions on the pricing trends for the third quarter, recognizing that you guys are making some changes. Most notably in notebook, because there are not any sort of specific changes that you are making for notebook. If I am understanding that correctly, you actually cut prices on notebook in March, and now your refresh in the third quarter actually comes back to the old ladder. How should we think about notebook pricing in terms of across the board for the third quarter? 
Paul Otellini: The difference in the degree of reset of the price stack in desktop and notebooks reflects the strength we have in the notebook business. We are the performance leader, the volume leader by far there. We have designed the new products to come in and sit on top of the other ones, and yet we are driving dual-core farther and farther down the stack, particularly as it becomes appealing into consumer notebooks. It really reflects the competitive strength of the product line more than anything else. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: That makes sense. If we think about just the desktop part of it, you guys seem to be putting the single core chips on fire sale for Q3, fine because that is going to end of life at some point. With the dual-core processors only, is there a strategy here for you guys in trying to move the mix? Are you trying to get us to buy more high-end in the dual-core markets starting in Q3? 
Paul Otellini: Heck, yes. Wouldn't you? 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Yeah. 
Paul Otellini: That is always Intel's strategy to try and sell the richest mix possible. The thing that we are really focused on right now though, given that we have dual-core running on a number of new microprocessors and older ones, is really the penetration of dual-core, and making that much more pervasive in desktops in all segments. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: I am sorry, did you say what you thought dual-core was going to be as a percentage of desktop sales in Q3? 
Paul Otellini: No, but I showed you Q3 -- I showed you a line through year end at the analyst meeting, and if anything, it has gotten a little bit richer than that. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Okay, that is good to know. All right. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Thanks very much. Question on the margins for Q3, and then the sort of implied margins for Q4. Is all of the weakness in margins in Q3 ASP related, or are there other factors going on? 
Andy Bryant: No, I think we will have a richer mix of dual-core, the early dual-core products, which means the cost of units will go up. In fact, I would guess cost is a bigger element than average selling price. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Then, relative to Q4, to Glen's point, there are scenarios that Q4 is down again. If it was cost in Q3, wouldn't that improve as we went through to Q4? 
Andy Bryant: Yes, I believe my cost units should improve in Q4 versus Q3. I believe the number of units shipped out of the new architecture products will be greater in Q4 versus Q3. I think I have a few good things happening in the fourth quarter for us. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Again then, and I do not want to push it too much, but the margins are theoretically down for both quarters. If there's positive things going on, why isn't that showing up in the margins then? 
Andy Bryant: Again, if you do the math with three quarters of actual at our midpoint and look at what the range of Q4 could be to still round to unit 51, I think you will see a wide range of possible outcomes. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Sure, I don’t want to get wrapped up in semantics, but it is not up in conjunction -- if revenue is going to up 10%, you would think margins would be better than flat to up slightly. Yes, there are scenarios mathematically that the margins are up, but there are scenarios down too. Just trying to get a handle on why the margins wouldn't be up consistent with the revenues. 
Andy Bryant: Okay. I do not know how many times I can say I am not giving a Q4 forecast. There is a wide range of outcomes. I agree there's no 10-point up margins outcome. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Okay. I guess we'll have to deal with that. On the inventory, what would it take for the company to do an inventory write-off? Under what scenario would you decide to write off some of the inventory? 
Andy Bryant: I want to be clear -- we always have some inventory write-offs. If you are asking an extraordinary inventory write-off? 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Yes. 
Andy Bryant: It would take most likely a big change in demand. If suddenly demand dropped 10% or 15% and we decided to push all the new products and stop selling any of the single-core stuff, then we would take an inventory write-off. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : To be clear, a change in demand relative to normal seasonality? Because clearly demand is just okay now. 
Andy Bryant: Change in demand from our expectations. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Okay. 
Andy Bryant: Again, I know we are in very different spaces on this. I have the equivalent of one month worth of cost of sales in my inventory -- one quarter's worth of cost of sales in my inventory. I would typically value a whole lot more than one quarters worth of inventory looking out into the future. It would take a pretty dramatic change to cause us to have a big inventory write-off. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs : Terrific, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris with JP Morgan Chase. Please proceed. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Thanks, guys. Just a follow-up on some of the gross margin stuff. Andy, it sounds like inventory's up a little this quarter and then down a little in Q4. Perhaps you want to take inventory down in the first half of next year. It seems as though depreciation should increase -- to make a short story long, should we expect gross margins to bottom in the second half of this year or the first half of next year? 
Andy Bryant: Again, I am not making long-term gross margin forecasts. What I really believe is we have shown a cost-per-unit of microprocessors chart at the analyst meeting and what it showed was the highest point on cost-per-unit for microprocessors, I expect to be the third quarter. Then I expect to see period by period by period by period improvements.  Now, there are other products that we sell as well. We sell flash, we sell motherboards, we sell chipsets, so it is not as clean as looking at that one chart and saying I can forecast Intel's margins. But microprocessors are clearly the biggest part of our revenue. I actually see our cost units improving quarter by quarter by quarter through next year. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay. Just to follow with that, Paul, you said you want to keep the fabs full. Have you guys lowered utilization rates at all, or do you plan on lowering utilization rates? 
Paul Otellini: I'm sorry, factory utilization rates, is that what you are asking? 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan:  Yes. Have they been lowered, or do you plan on lowering them? 
Paul Otellini: No, the factories are still operating, for the most part, at full capacity. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Okay. So let's just say sales are a little bit lower than expected this quarter, you… 
Paul Otellini: Then we might have to -- then one of the options we have is to take down wafer starts a bit, but right now, none of our projections show that. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: I guess I am just wondering, given what has happened the last couple of quarters, why aren't you guys a little more conservative on your guidance and inventory? 
Andy Bryant: You mean why aren’t we forecasting it to grow more? 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: I mean why forecast normal revenue growth and inventory going up, given what happened the last couple of quarters? 
Paul Otellini: Because the fourth quarter is bigger than the third quarter in terms of shipments. You want to -- we need to be able to support that growth. It's still a seasonal year, and then first quarter, things drop off. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Yes, I understand that, it's just us analysts remember what happened in 2004, so that's why we are all pretty nervous. Okay, thanks guys. 
Alex Lenke: Operator, two more questions, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Gomberg with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: I was wondering if you could give anymore color, given the early qualification of some of the processors, where you would expect to be, either by the end of 3Q or year end in terms of Woodcrest, Conroe and Merom as percent of processors? Also, do you have any concern regarding being able to ship enough Conroe, given how good the reviews have been? Will you be able to meet all the OEM demand? 
Paul Otellini: I showed a number in April at the analyst meeting on Woodcrest that said that we would, in terms of the percent of our Xeon products that were Woodcrest-based, it would be 75% by Q4. I think it was 50% in Q3, or whatever the number was. Those numbers have only gotten a little bit better since then. They have not gotten worse. Obviously the denominator is still at risk, but we're ramping Woodcrest as fast as possible, and our intent is to convert the product line.  Similarly on Conroe and Merom. Right now, we have rolled up demand from our customers and from the channel and we believe we can satisfy all demand for both those products. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: If I could just ask a follow-up, as you go through the strategic review, this is something you have been asked probably many times over the last few years, can you talk a little bit about the NOR flash business and why that remains a strategic and compelling business for Intel to be in, at $250 million operating loss in the first half? 
Paul Otellini: Our focus on that business is to not have that kind of operating loss going forward, so we are going through a similar rigorous process inside of the NOR business. You have already seen one action that came out of that, about six weeks ago where we rolled, for the first time ever we broke out the manufacturing and technology development groups for flash from the rest of the company and put them under the flash group.  We have already seen some pretty interesting ideas, the beginnings of some efficiencies rolling out of that as they learn how to be much more competitive with their peer group companies in the flash marketplace.  My focus inside the company is to make sure that business gets to be a profitable one as quickly as possible. 
Andy Bryant: I just want to clarify something. The losses you see in that business are not just the NOR flash. We are starting up the NAND flash business. Recognize in that business you have factories starting up pre-volume production, so you have pretty high start-up costs, you have pretty high R&D costs. A big portion of the increase in loss of the net business is that start-up, which we hope to turn profitable sometime in the near future. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you give any color in terms of what you would expect NAND contribution to be in the back half of the year? 
Andy Bryant: In terms of revenue, no. It is still relatively small at this point, starting to finally ramp in the back half of this year as it is being set up in the front half. Hopefully next year will be meaningful enough we can talk about it. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. 
Alex Lenke: Last question, please. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Moors & Cabot, Inc. Please proceed. 
Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc.: Thank you. Paul, you mentioned that the rolled up demand from customers suggests that you could satisfy all of this demand. Can you satisfy it at launch? I just want to get a sense of how… 
Paul Otellini: Yes. In fact, at launch you will even see Conroe stocked in the channel. 
Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc.: Okay, so both OEMs and channel will have product then? 
Paul Otellini: Yes, sir, and we have motherboards out there staged and so forth. This one is being done as broadly as we know how to do it. 
Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc.: Okay, and then a follow-up. In terms of previous launches, how quick of a ramp pervasiveness did you see with this… 
Paul Otellini: It is faster than the NetBurst. 
Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc.: Faster than NetBurst? 
Paul Otellini: Much faster. 
Hans Mosesmann - Moors & Cabot, Inc.: Thank you. 
Alex Lenke: We would like to thank everyone for listening to today's call. A recorded playback of this call will be available at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific time tonight. Those interested should call 1-888-286-8010 and reference pass code 23019996. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-19 18:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Doug Lusk - Director, IR   Paul Otellini - President, CEO   Andy Bryant - CFO 
Analysts: Glen Yeung - Citigroup   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein   Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt   Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company   Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus   John Lau - Jefferies   Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs   Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Chris Danely - JP Morgan   Tom Thornhill - UBS   Ben Lynch - Deutsche Bank   Apjit Walia - RBC Capital Markets   Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers   Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey 
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2006 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's presentation, Mr. Doug Lusk, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Doug Lusk: Thank you and welcome to the Intel first quarter earnings conference call. Attending from Intel are CEO, Paul Otellini and CFO, Andy Bryant. Before we begin, please bear with me while I read our Safe Harbor language.  The first quarter earnings report discusses Intel's business outlook and contains forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our press release for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.  The specific forward-looking statements cover expectations for product mix and demand, revenue, gross margin, expenses, tax rate, interest and other income, capital spending, depreciation, and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and costs. These statements do not reflect the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or other business combinations that may be completed after April 18, 2006.  Lastly, if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC in Reg G, you'll find on our website, intc.com the required reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. With that, let me turn it over to Paul. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Andy Bryant: Thanks, Paul. As Paul stated, we have begun the year competing for orders and holding share, adapting to lower expectations for the overall year by trimming spending and continuing to push forward to ensure we have new products to support a stronger second half.  Revenue for the first quarter was $8.9 billion, down over 12% from the fourth quarter. Most of the change in revenue came from lower unit volumes in microprocessors and chipsets, concentrated in the desktop and server segments.  Among the geographies, the changes in revenue were unusual for the first quarter. In the Europe region revenue decreased 26% and in Asia Pacific, revenue was down 16%; both geos substantially lower than typical seasonality. The Americas region grew 4%. Japan was up 10%, and achieved its first $1 billion quarter. In a year-to-year comparison, revenue was down approximately $500 million or 5%.  Revenue in the digital enterprise group was down 19% from a year ago, while the mobility group grew 22%. Among the geographies, most of the decrease was in the greater Europe region where revenue was down 19%.  The first quarter of 2005 was 14 weeks compared to 13 weeks in the recent quarter.  Gross margin of $4.9 billion, including share-based compensation of $86 million, were down 22% from the fourth quarter. Gross margin percentage was 55.1% on a GAAP basis. Without share-based compensation of about 1 point, gross margin percentage was 56.1% down 5.7 points from the fourth quarter, due to lower revenue from logic products, a consequent change in overall product mix, and higher reserves and write-downs of logic products.  In January, our quarterly forecast for growth margin percentage was 59%, plus or minus a few points. The difference of 3.9 points between the midpoint of the forecast and actual results was a function of lower microprocessor unit volume and a consequent change in overall product mix and higher write-downs of inventory.  In a year-to-year comparison, gross margin percentage, excluding share-based compensation, is approximately 4 points lower than the first quarter of 2005, primarily as a result of lower revenue offset somewhat by lower start-up costs.  Spending, R&D and MG&A, was $3.2 billion, slightly below our forecast in January. Excluding share-based compensation of approximately $300 million, spending decreased approximately 2% from the fourth quarter and is up more than 15% from a year ago. Despite the cuts, spending has grown as a percentage of revenue and there is much work yet to be done.  Now to non-operating items. The effective tax rate in the first quarter was 27.5%, lower than our January forecast of approximately 32% as a result of higher concentration of profits in lower tax jurisdictions and tax credits. The change added approximately $0.014 to EPS.  Fully diluted EPS were $0.23. Excluding share-based compensation, EPS would have been $0.27. Quarterly average shares outstanding are down nearly 6% from a year ago and fell below 6 billion for the first time in more than 10 years.  On the balance sheet, inventories of $3.6 billion were up over $400 million from the fourth quarter as we ramped production of microprocessors on a 65 nanometer process and produced associated chipsets. The increase in the first quarter includes approximately $85 million of capitalized share-based compensation.  Capacity utilization on the 65 and 90 nanometer processes is high and we expect to continue to build inventories in the second quarter.  We substantially reduced total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets, ending the quarter at $8.7 billion, down by $3.7 billion from the fourth quarter.  Other long-term assets increased by $1.7 billion, largely as a result of investments in IM flash technology. Stock repurchases were $2.9 billion, capital spending was $1.8 billion, and dividend payments were nearly $600 million. We expect to reduce the level of our stock repurchases over the coming quarters to less than half of the first quarter rate as we continue to manage our cash flow.  As we turn now to the outlook for the second quarter, please keep in mind that the forecast data does not include the effect of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may be completed after April 18. I will use the midpoint of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue in the second quarter to be between $8 billion and $8.6 billion, a sequential decrease of approximately 7%. That is a higher decline than we would typically see for this period. This forecast assumes lower unit volume in logic products as customers work through inventories. The projected year-to-year decrease of 10% anticipates lower unit volume and prices of microprocessors.  Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the second quarter is 49% plus or minus a couple points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin, the forecast gross margin percentage is 50% plus or minus a couple points. Lower revenue for microprocessors and a consequent change in overall product mix will lower gross margin for the first quarter as will higher microprocessor unit costs as we ramp production of the dual core products.  Spending, R&D plus MG&A, should be approximately $3 billion to $3.1 billion. The forecast includes approximately $300 million of share-based compensation. Without the impact of these charges, spending should be between $2.7 billion and $2.8 billion, down approximately 6% from the comparable number in the first quarter.  Looking ahead to the full year, we have revised our January forecast for revenue growth of 6% to 9% from 2005 and are now planning for the revenue to be down approximately 3% primarily as a result of lower unit volumes. This forecast is subject to a wide range of potential variability.  For the second half, the forecast assumes seasonal revenue growth and gains in market segment share. We believe Intel's revenue in the second quarter will be several hundred million dollars lower than PC consumption rates would typically suggest and we are planning for a second half growth that is seasonal off of our first half base adjusted for this difference.  We expect gross margin percentage for the year to be 53% plus or minus a few points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin the forecast is 54% plus or minus a few points, down more than 5 points from gross margin in 2005. Lower start-up costs and manufacturing will help 2006 margins but this will be more than offset by higher unit costs for logic products and slightly lower average selling prices for microprocessors.  As a result of several cost-saving actions we have lowered the forecast for R&D and capital spending for the year. The forecast for R&D is now about $400 million lower at approximately $6.1 billion. Without share-based compensation of approximately $500 million, the forecast for R&D spending is approximately $5.6 billion.  Capital spending forecast is now $300 million lower at $6.6 billion plus or minus $200 million. Cost-saving actions have also lowered the forecast for total spending for the year, including not only R&D, but also marketing and G&A by over $1 billion. The current forecast of approximately $12.1 billion includes the impact of share-based compensation of $1.1 billion. Excluding this impact, total spending is forecasted as $11 billion, essentially flat with 2005. This includes spending for the IM flash technology joint venture.  The estimated tax rate for the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2006 is approximately 30.5%, lower than the previous estimate of 32%.  In summary, this is a year for resolute determination. We are determined to compete now, determined to deliver better products with superior manufacturing capabilities, and determined to control spending. This will require disciplined, methodical focus, but we believe that with Intel's products and manufacturing capabilities, we are more than up to the task. With that, let me turn it over to Doug. 
Doug Lusk: Thanks, Andy. We will now open the conference call for Q&A. We will attempt to take questions from as many participants as possible. To help in this process, we ask that you please limit yourselves to only one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung from Citigroup. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Maybe just a point of clarification; I'll say it the way I think I heard it and then you tell me if I'm wrong. You're basically saying that your second quarter guidance for revenues is being impacted by inventories. If I were to normalize that for normal seasonality and then grow Q3 and Q4 out for normal seasonality, I get you're down 3% for the year. Is that the right interpretation? 
Andy Bryant: Essentially so. We also think there's some share gain in the back half of the year because of the better product lineup. But the bulk of it is adjusting the second quarter to the consumption levels and then doing seasonal Q3 and Q4. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: What gives you the confidence about the ability for the supply chain to clean up the inventory situation in the second quarter? And then oddly enough, what then gives you confidence that we're actually looking at a seasonal year when you guys have said that the end market may not be as strong? 
Andy Bryant: Well, two things in there. First, as far as confidence in cleaning up the supply chain, when you look at the extra few million units that we think are out there, that equates to one to two weeks of inventory, no more than that. There's a fairly high turnover among our customers. It's pretty easy to moderate our shipments into our customers, in cooperation with them, of course, to get anywhere between 3 and 4 million units of inventory burned off through a quarter. That is just careful, disciplined planning.  As far as expectation for the second half, yes, we do believe the growth rate of PCs for the year moderated. Last time we talked to you, we believed low double digits, 10% to 12%. Now, if you look at most of the market forecasters, they'll tell you high single digits, 7% to 9% which we think is consistent. We also think that's a baseline that's in the second quarter. So I'm not counting on an increasing growth rate in the back half of the year consumption, I'm counting on a growth rate consistent with what people generally think today. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: As you look into the second half, we see this revenue ramp and then we look at what you got it for in terms of gross margins, which also implies a reasonably significant ramp of margins in the second half, are we really just seeing the margins track where revenues are? Or are there other things that Intel is doing specifically to manage margins higher in the second half? Just any clarity you can provide on the details. 
Andy Bryant: Sure. I'll try to give a little more detail now about Q2 which hopefully will help later on because I think the question will come. So in the second quarter I'm saying the midpoint of my margin percentage expectation is down 6 points. If you look at that, it's a combination of things. The biggest factor is the fact that most of the revenue drop comes in high margin microprocessor-type products. So even though my microprocessor product mix stays about the same, because my other lower margin products don't drop, you see a mix change. Of my 6 point drop, that's about half of it.  So in the third quarter when microprocessor returns to normal because the inventory correction has been adjusted for, you'll see a pretty good kick just because you get that mix improvement back. I'd like to see more progress in the back half of the year. One of the things I'll show you next week is I'll show you costs of microprocessors.  The second biggest element in my margins going down in the second quarter is my cost per unit as we ramp the dual-core hard. Remember, as I get in the third and fourth quarter I'm getting the new dual-core products, I'm getting smaller die so we'll start seeing some benefits from the cost per units out there. It takes a bit to get to, but it's going to help in that place, as well. So I think I got a couple things going for me that should help me in the back half of the year. 
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Great, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: I guess what's interesting is the last few quarters we've seen your competitor seemed to outgrow you but market share loss hasn't been something in your vocabulary. Is there some math that we're doing wrong? What gives you the confidence that there's not more share loss going on, that we've seen the last few quarters and it's not going to continue? 
Andy Bryant: It's simple. When we talked to you in January, it was before we saw our competitors' shipment data. When you looked at it, it clearly said in the fourth quarter of last year we lost more market segment share than we thought we did. I think we probably lost a little more in the third quarter than we thought we did as well.  If you look at the fourth quarter, again, we've seen their unit shipments, we know what our unit shipments are. On a unit shipment basis, we held -- in the first quarter, I mean. So we've seen that. There could be some adjustment in the second quarter again, as I clean up my inventory. I don't know what their position is so I can't really tell you yet how the points will move back and forth. The first quarter was a noticeable change from what we saw in the back half of '05. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Does that imply that your ASPs were down in the ballpark of 5% to 8%, somewhere in that range? It seems like their unit market share wasn't down quite as much. Their units weren't down as much as yours were. 
Andy Bryant: ASPs only dropped slightly which wouldn't be quite that much to be honest. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: I'll work on the math. The other question is on that second-half ramp, the math I'm getting is a little bit different, too. It looks like you have almost about $1.2 billion to make up in the second half and it sounds like you're saying $300 million or $400 million is more the right ballpark in terms of revenue. When you start to think about the delta of seasonality versus what you need to do, is that the right ballpark or am I missing something? 
Andy Bryant: Again, if you take Q2 as we've given you an estimate, start with Q1 and a normal seasonal drop is somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. So take your Q2 baseline down 2% to 3% from Q1 and then add your normal seasonality in Q3 and Q4. It doesn't quite account for all of the revenue because we do expect to take some share in the second half of the year. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: It might be worth just to remind us what your view of seasonality is for each quarter just so we'll make sure we're all using the same math. Thanks a lot. 
Andy Bryant: Historical seasonality in the third quarter has been 7%, 8%. In the fourth quarter, it was a little bit better than that. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from the line of Adam Parker of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: The inventory reserves during the quarter, how much more will you take in Q2 and Q3 and how do you expect that to impact your margins in the coming quarters, please? 
Andy Bryant: Sure. There were some inventory reserves in the first quarter, Adam, not a big number. So if I were trying to explain the 6 point margin drop versus the prior quarter, reserves were a small portion of it. Essentially some of the older product that we think as we ramp the new products, we won't end up selling. Same thing in Q2; it's a pretty small number, that inventory reserve calculation effect. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: Paul, just a question for you. You referenced I think, you said it quickly so I didn't catch it, sort of a plan to improving efficiencies in 2007 and beyond. I was wondering if you'd comment more on this. Should we see some head count reductions? Obviously headcount grew again here, or some structurally lower capital R&D intensity? Or what are you referencing with that improved efficiency, please? 
Paul Otellini: Well, first of all, I think it's a bit premature to give you any specifics. We're just undertaking a look at the Company now in a fairly comprehensive fashion. The idea would be to look at every aspect of our operations from capital efficiency to our facilities to our resourcing to our various business units to underperforming businesses, et cetera. This is a wholesale look at the Company over the next couple of months; to take a look at where we want to be for '07 and beyond.  At the same time we're doing that, we're taking the other actions we've talked about in terms of trimming the spending for this year, but not taking our eye off the ball and getting the new products out. That is the most important thing for us at this point. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: So you'll give some more color on that in the future, is what you're saying? 
Paul Otellini: As soon as we get some, yes. 
Andy Bryant: To reinforce what Paul said, we took the forecasted spending for the year down $1 billion. It had nothing to do with that, it's old-fashioned let's go cut some spending. I'm hoping that by the end of the year we're starting to see some results from this program and I can actually get a little below $11 billion. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: Paul, this is the first time in how many years you've undertaken this sort of thorough analysis? Ever? 
Paul Otellini: It's probably the first time since the mid '80s. 
Adam Parker - Sanford Bernstein: Cool, all right. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava of Harris Nesbitt. 
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Hi, Andy. Just a clarification. I don't get it, so please help me understand this. Your customers have excess inventory, you build inventory again. You are alluding to some minimal reserves next quarter, but yet you're going to be building inventory. What areas do you think you'll be building inventory in and what is the risk that there won't be another larger write down in the second quarter? Thanks. 
Andy Bryant: There is some risk. I don't want to tell you there's none. Remember what Paul said, though, about the way we're using our factory right now. The 65 nanometer is building the new microprocessors that are going to be shipped in the back half. I don't want to slow those down. I think that's our future. The 90 nanometers transitioning into the chipsets, the Broadwater chipsets, are being used heavily there when again is our future. So we're building the products, we're certain are going to be there for the future.  Some of the stuff in the line today is some of the older products that have to be there in case you have a product slip or something happens and you need to ship product. So there is some risk that in a transition, you build a bit of a bubble and you don't need to ship that stuff. It's a small risk. There are lots of places in this world you ship some product -- essentially as good as most people's in the world. So there's, the task for us is to find places to put those.  As I said earlier, we did take modest reserves -- and by modest, it's believe me, it's not a big number -- in the first quarter because there were some products I looked at and said it's likely these won't be shippable. If demand slowed down and we had a choice between still shipping the old or the new, we'll ship the new. So if you saw another step down in demand it might become an issue. If demand, if the market grows in the high single digits, you won't see much change to the reserve portion. 
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Andy just so that we're clear, modest means what? Tens of millions of dollars? $100 million? 
Andy Bryant: Modest means under $100 million. We have $3.6 million in inventory, we're talking -- modest is under $100 million. 
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: One last question and I'll go. On the cost side, is the increase in cost that you are anticipating in the next quarter, is that what you would typically expect when you ramp a lower geometric product or is that something atypical that you're experiencing? 
Andy Bryant: This is atypical. We're ramping the current larger die dual-core product because we have the capacity to, it's a higher performing product and we think we can take advantage of it. As a result of that, the cost will be higher than I expected, in fact, higher than I expected as little as six months ago.  What I've got to do is get to the new products which take advantage of the new manufacturing and were designed to be a more cost efficient package. Those are in production today. They'll be shipping in Q3 and Q4, so I basically will have at three to five-month period where I have a heavy concentration of the larger die product. 
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Charlie Glavin of Needham and Company. 
Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company: Thanks. Paul or Andy, in terms of the back half of the year, what gives you the conviction in terms of having the mix right? Paul, there's certainly a fair number of new products -- Woodcrest, Conroe, Merom -- which have been getting good reception, but if I take a look, you've already got about 13 new brands not including the Viiv.  Andy, I recall you having previously said you can get the absolute numbers right, but the mix always scares you. Given that you're really counting on probably the strongest second half you've had since 1996, where can we get the conviction that you got the mix right? 
Paul Otellini: Well, we will build our newest, best products most and fastest. So we will load the 65 nanometer factories as fast as they're possible to ramp, with Woodcrest, Conroe, and Merom. We'll backfill that, because there is a natural ramp on new products and yield and so forth. We'll backfill that with the existing 65 nanometer products, which are the core-based products, Core Duo product and the Prestor product that goes out today and Dempsey and servers.  Since we'll load from the top, my conviction goes up a much higher in terms of mix predictability. Viiv, if you talk about brands, Centrino and Viiv and the upcoming brand associated with the business desktop that we'll talk about on Monday, those all will take advantage of a variety of microprocessors, but generally speaking all 65 nanometers. 
Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company: In terms of the current excess, if I back out the numbers, it looks like about $450 million in excess right now in terms of Q2. What is the general mix of that? Is it more lower-end product, are we talking about a combination of both servers and desktops? Could you give a little bit more granularity, particularly given the geographic or the diversity of the geographic strength in Q1? 
Andy Bryant: Again, it's somewhat speculation because you don't get inventory reporting from your customers by part and by speed. My guess is it's pretty much a general mix of what we sell. So I don't think there's anything unique out there. Again, remember we're talking about between one and two weeks, we're not talking about six or eight weeks worth of parts of anything. 
Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company: 1 million to 2 million? 
Andy Bryant: One to two weeks. 
Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company: Several million. 
Andy Bryant: Several million, which is one to two weeks' worth of consumption. 
Charlie Glavin - Needham and Company: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cody Acree of Stifel Nicolaus. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Andy, in this quarter a lot's been made of the pricing competition in your efforts to clean out the channel. Can you talk about your pricing strategy? Sounds like your ASPs are only down just moderately this quarter. I guess there seems to be a little disconnect. How does the pricing strategy change in the second half with the new products? 
Paul Otellini: Let me address the question, second half first. The new products that will come in right on top of our existing price points and then ramp very quickly from there down. So they tend to replace the existing dual-core products at the high end. They have new SKUs, new in splits on top of our product line, and new feature sets. So that one is pretty easy.  In terms of the pricing actions we've taken in the first quarter and looking at Q2 and Q3, they tend to be more aggressive towards the bottom of the market, particularly on desktops. I think that's one of the reasons you're seeing a bit of a glut in the channel today, not at our distributors because the inventory there is in relatively good shape, but in the grey market and that's up to distributors and brokers. You tend to see a bit of a discount for most microprocessors of all flavors, of all brands in the channel right now. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Paul, if I may follow up there. You talked about the market share stabilizing here in the first quarter, basically with the same product portfolio that caused some of the market share losses in the second half. Is it a more aggressive pricing strategy that caused that stabilization or is there something else going on there? 
Paul Otellini: Well, the fact that ASPs were down only slightly says it wasn't a radical change in pricing. There were some line items that had fairly significant moves, particularly at the bottom of the stack. But we also did a good job selling our high end products this quarter, particularly in notebooks as the Core Duo ramped. So the number that we talked about in my comments was a blended number. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of John Lau of Jefferies. 
John Lau - Jefferies: Great. Following along the lines of the pricing question, there has been a lot of concern on the pricing action and you did mention that the blended price, didn't go down that much, which means you did a very good job in terms of offsetting that with the high end. As you look into Q2, what are your expectations with regards to that blend again, given that you were quite aggressive in the low end? Thank you. 
Andy Bryant: As I've slowly, a piece at a time, given the gross margin reconciliation, about half of the decline in Q1 and Q2 is because of revenue drop. The next biggest element was unit cost for microprocessors, the dual-core ramp. The next one would be an ASP decline. So I do expect again a modest decline. But recognize it's not a big number. It's again, it's relatively modest. 
John Lau - Jefferies: As a follow-up, you did mention something that was quite interesting. Europe was down so much. What do you attribute that to? Is there anything that was regional or anything out of the ordinary that would cause such a precipitous drop? Thank you. 
Paul Otellini: It seems like in general, both the consumer and the enterprise business was soft in Europe. We're seeing that. We've seen that from comments from a number of the computer manufacturers now as they've discussed the environment in Q1. I think that it was equal as well between notebooks and desktops. I didn't see that one was stronger than the other. So we just saw a very soft quarter in Europe and as I said, that was one of the reasons we saw inventory stacking up at our OEM customers. 
John Lau - Jefferies: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Good evening, thanks very much. Guys can I just ask a philosophical question first? Coming off two quarters where you missed numbers and the environment is choppy, why not set a lower bar for yourself for the second half of the year? Everybody knows the business is pretty choppy right now. Why be so aggressive? 
Andy Bryant: Sure, I'll be happy to take that one. We have a philosophy that says we communicate to the general public what we actually believe is going to happen. We don't lowball, we don't take aggressive numbers. We think that's what's expected of us by the SEC. It's certainly what we do. So I realize that means I'm going to miss an occasional number. But it seems to be the high integrity way to do it. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: On a more fundamental basis, on the CapEx cut can you give us some color on where the CapEx is coming from? Usually you give us some indication in the analyst meeting here in the spring on the forward-looking CapEx and what you think that might look like. You've talked before about just how a little bit of overage on the capacity can cause a pretty big hit at the margins.  A final piece to that question is, you're spending at $1.8 billion a quarter on CapEx and depreciating a little over $1.1 billion a quarter. How much is the depreciation going to ramp here over the next couple of quarters, which would cut into any the margin ramp? Thanks very much and sorry for all the questions. 
Andy Bryant: Boy, a lot of questions in there. On the depreciation question, we've given a full year depreciation, you can pretty much draw a straight line between Q1, Q2, and the full year. There's no right turns in there. It will just be a gradual ramp.  In terms of the capital spending, there's no big place that we cut. As Paul said we're protecting the 45 nanometer ramp, we're protecting the 65 nanometer. What you're really seeing is cuts around the edges. You're seeing, if I was going to build a building someplace, maybe I'll not do that. Maybe I'll do a little more compression. Some engineering tools. So it's not a big cut. It's not in any particular place where you try to protect capacity and then look at all the things beyond capacity and see if we could save some money.  We'll talk next week about the capital efficiency. I don't intend that to be a signaling device for next year's capital. But I understand if you do math, you can start to triangulate where you think we're headed. I'll save that for next week. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of David Wu of Global Crown Capital. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Can you clarify one thing? Historically, when PC OEMs or channel partners get into trouble with excess inventory, they were very, very quick to get rid of it. From the stuff that you get out of Taiwan, it looks like the European slowdown really hit in January and February. By March, things were more or less getting back to normal. Why do you think it will take the whole second quarter to get rid of that excess inventory which you admitted was one or two weeks? 
Paul Otellini: Yes. Well, I mean, it is still several million units and we factored that into the numbers, David, relative to normal seasonality between Q1 and Q2. So we looked at what normal seasonality would be. At this point, we have a fairly good view, at least with our largest customers in terms of exactly how much product they need for calendar Q2. Those orders reflect their view of consumption, assuming that they drive their inventories down.  As our collective view on the size of the market in 2006 changed over the last few months, they've also reduced their view going forward and reduced their inventory levels.  Part of this, I think, is also trying to kind of clear the decks for our new products coming out in Q3. No one really wants to be on the wrong side of that inventory conversion. So the combination of those, I think, leads us to a fairly high confidence that the inventory will come down this quarter as we're projecting. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Edelstone of Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Andy. For you, what type of inventory build should we expect on your balance sheet here this quarter? 
Andy Bryant: I would guess this quarter will be similar to last quarter, which without share-based compensation was around $300 million. I would guess it's in the ballpark. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: And then just so I'm clear, the microprocessor revenues are down about 15% sequentially. If I take a relatively slight decline in ASPs it sounds like units would have been down about 12% sequentially in Q1. Is that about the right order of magnitude? 
Andy Bryant: You're probably pretty good at math. I actually haven't calculated that number so I don't know. But it's probably in that neighborhood. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: I think AMD disclosed their units were down 6%. I was just trying to reconcile the comments on the share issue in the quarter. 
Paul Otellini: Well, if you go back to what they said, they said they believe they gained revenue share. They didn't say anything about unit share, to my knowledge. We've done the math. We know what we shipped and we did the math on what they shipped. By the way, just on your number, you may be assuming too aggressive of an ASP decline for Intel in your comments there. We said slight. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. Just last question on the operating expense guidance, especially for the implications for the second half of the year. It certainly seems like pretty aggressive goals. Can you get to those goals without some type of restructuring or head count reduction? 
Andy Bryant: In order to hit those goals, there would have to be some kind of head count reduction, probably similar to being on full attrition and then conserving around the edges. So making sure you control your discretionary spending. It does not require a layoff to make those numbers. It just requires discipline around not hiring people. 
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of JP Morgan. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: Thanks, guys. We're all concerned about a price war out here. If I do the math on the full year revenue guidance it sounds like you guys are expecting about 15% sequential growth in Q3 and Q4. Are you not anticipating a price war in microprocessors in the second half in order to gain back the market share? 
Andy Bryant: I don't know what a price war means. I think we're going to be bringing better products that compete better against the competition. I think that price will still be necessary to win back market share we lost. So I guess I would imply, we've had as Paul said, in certain markets, we've had pretty aggressive pricing through the first part of this year. It may lighten a little bit in those markets, but you'll continue to be on normal price curves for all your products. ASPs will be down some through the year. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: So you're expecting a normal price curve in the second half of the year, nothing too crazy? 
Andy Bryant: We're not expecting anything crazy, but it is a competitive environment. Even as we bring out new products and new capabilities, you have to win business back that you lost. 
Chris Danely - JP Morgan: A philosophical question, Paul. If you have the choice between sacrificing a little bit of margin but gaining back your market share, which choice would you take? 
Paul Otellini: I would take the choice that keeps my factories the fullest. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Tom Thornhill of UBS. 
Tom Thornhill - UBS: Creating demand for the new products is going to be a function also of meeting that ramp with the 1264 capacity. Do you feel that the ramp is going to be able to meet that demand? And to the degree it's not, what gives you the conviction you'll be able to substitute product coming out of the 1262 process? 
Paul Otellini: Well, the largest consumer of our 65 nanometer process today are the dual-core desktop and notebook products that we launched in January. Those products were designed to be able to afford a fast ramp on 65 nanometers and the new products coming in are socket compatible with those. So to some extent, it's a much easier transition than, say, when we brought the Prescott product on a couple years ago or the first Centrino product, both of which were platform changes.  Secondly, we've got three factories now humming at very good yields and very high production on the products. So our comfort level with both the health of the products and the health of the processes and the ability to continue to ramp is much smarter now than it was three months ago when we had just begun shipping these. 
Andy Bryant: So we'll show you some data next week, Tom, on the health of the process in the factories. It looks as good as anything we've done. 
Paul Otellini: Yes. And go back to what I said earlier; this month we will have the crossover on 65 nanometer wafer starts; more processors wafer starts on 65 than on 90. 
Tom Thornhill - UBS: Okay. A follow-up if I could, Andy, on some analysis on COGS. One approach is to take out depreciation and look at the residual or the proxy for direct labor, direct materials. The ratios through '04 and '05 were running in the 29% to 31% range. It looks like we're headed into a period where it's going to be more like 35%. So higher COGS and some lower margin.  Is this something we should think of as a structural issue with direct materials, direct labor versus dual-core products and die size? Or is this a temporary issue where we'll get back to those previous ratios when we get past this? 
Andy Bryant: I have to go look at it in detail. I'm a little bit winging my answer for you. If I look at today, I'd say a little of each. We do know that there's been constraints in substrates, some of the material COGS have gone up and I think those will last for a while. On the other hand, we also know that as we go to the smaller die, we'll get less labor COGS per die, so we'll see some benefits there. The efficiency project Paul is talking about will be focused in that space. And recognize your 35%, when you just pull out depreciation, there are some reserves and things like that in that costs of goods sold. So in reality 35% sounds high to me. It will go back down towards historical low. My guess is it will settle above where it's been during some of the material cost issues. 
Tom Thornhill - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from the line of Ben Lynch of Deutsche Bank. 
Ben Lynch - Deutsche Bank: Andy, a question for you and sorry it's a little bit long, but I think you'll get the gist of it. You guys attributed the trend of the Q4 revenue shortfall to excess customer inventories at the end of Q3. Then you attributed the original 300 million shortfall in the Q1 guidance to customer; again, 300 million customer inventories at the end of Q4. Now you're saying Q2 below seasonal is -- I guess it works out about 400 million excess inventory. That sounds like a lot of accumulated excess inventory.  Is part of what you're saying here is maybe the initial diagnosis was wrong on that? The way inventories work, if Q1 already saw some inventory drawdown, which I think you said, then for Q2 to be below seasonal, then the amount of drawdown would be a lot more than it was already in Q1. But if you're saying there's only one to two weeks of excess out there, that doesn't seem possible. I'm really just trying to understand all of that, please. I do have a follow-up. 
Andy Bryant: Okay. So, my answer will be as long as your question, is my suspicion. As we ended the third quarter, we believe there's about $100 million of excess inventory out there. Looking back it's possible there's a little bit more, but not significantly more.  In the fourth quarter, we believe there's about $100 million of excess inventory out there. In retrospect, after the quarter, remember when we got to the end of the quarter, we had a bunch of cancellations and we were trying to figure out what's going on. We saw the weaker market and we still thought we ended the quarter at a $100 million excess.  When we looked back later, we said we were wrong, it was probably more than twice that. So the excess inventory at the beginning of the first quarter was higher than we thought.  As we go into this current quarter, what's happening is our customers are indicating they want leaner inventories as they prepare for the second half. So that's not necessarily inventory that was excess to begin with. But as they reset their inventory targets because of a weaker growth environment and preparing, clearing their deck for the newer products, there's a further reduction they're looking for.  So it's kind of a combination of, we think we lost a little more share than we thought in the fourth quarter. Therefore, the inventory was a little larger than we thought. The Q4 burn off was relatively small. Customers are resetting low inventories now for the second quarter. A combination of all that is why the second quarter numbers comes out so big. 
Ben Lynch - Deutsche Bank: Great. And then just a second question I had was the notebook or mobility CP RAS looks sort of flattish but operating profit was down very significantly. You raised the mix, but in the process, cut prices a lot for the high end so that you got maybe flattish ASPs overall, but the price on the mix degraded a lot and that's behind the operating profit decline? Or is there something else, something off or something there? 
Andy Bryant: It's more on the cost side. As we begin to ramp the new products - so that's one of the place we hedged some of the reserves. It's also one of the places where some of the older products got revalued downward because the new costs were much lower. So in essence, think in terms of the revenue drop, kind of drops through at 100%. Then you have some other inventory issues causing it to go down a couple hundred more million. 
Ben Lynch - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from the line of Apjit Walia of RBC Capital Markets. 
Apjit Walia - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, good evening. A question on the second half. You're assuming market share gains back in the second half, in your assumptions. If all else is equal and you don't gain any share back in the second half, how will that impact your guidance for revenue? 
Andy Bryant: So, I won't give you specific number. Again, add your $400 million to $500 million into Q2, run seasonal Q3 and Q4, subtract it from down 3% and you'll get your number. The bigger number does rely more on the inventory correction reset than it does on a share win back. 
Apjit Walia - RBC Capital Markets: One long-term question. Given the competitive dynamics you're seeing from AMD at this point in the recent threshold, do you see your long-term growth margin band which is say late 40s, early 50s, to early 60s, do you see that contract in the next couple of years? 
Andy Bryant: Boy, I hate to make a long-term gross margin prediction. It's been between 50 and 60 for years and years and years. If we can, as I said earlier, we can continue to drive costs, which I think we have a chance to, we have a pretty good opportunity to keep margins at a pretty good level. We do have to drive the cost element. 
Apjit Walia - RBC Capital Markets: And just one clarification. Your chipset constraint issue from last year, is that something completely removed now? 
Andy Bryant: Essentially so, yes. Combination between our chipsets and a third party's should meet all the market needs. 
Apjit Walia - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
Doug Lusk: Operator, we'll take two more questions, please. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke of Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. I guess for Paul or Andy, just in guiding for a somewhat more moderate market, but suggesting you'll get the share gain in the second half. Could you give us a sense of where you would expect to make the share gain most materially? Would that be in the notebook, desktop, or in the server area, maybe any comments on the dynamics you see in terms of your share positioning for the second half in those arenas? Thank you. 
Paul Otellini: I'm not going to give you a specific set of numbers. Over the last year, the steepest market segment share loss was in servers and we have -- we think -- an extremely compelling product line coming out with Woodcrest so we've already begun shipping its platform with the Blackbird platform in Dempsey now, so that one I expect to start turning the corner on in terms of market segment share fairly rapidly after launch. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: A blind stabilization or gain, in your view? 
Paul Otellini: Yes, exactly. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Which one? 
Paul Otellini: Well, stabilizing and then gain. You have to do one before the other. In mobile we've had actually fairly good traction the last few years with Centrino. I think the Merom product is icing on the cake in terms of giving us accelerated lead there.  The one that is very interesting is Conroe. It is the most significant performance gain that we've brought into the marketplace from an Intel perspective since we introduced the Pentium versus the 486. This product at the same time lowers the power, so I think that that one we'll see immediate uptick in two areas and the enterprise as it's associated with our new brand, platform brand for business desktop, and in the gamer high-end community and workstation community where they want to use that heat-seeking kind of performance that this product will deliver. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: As a follow-up if I could I ask, with respect to the second quarter, Andy, when you think about digital enterprise and mobility, should the sequential decline that you're forecasting be fairly similar between those two areas, or would it be more pronounced in the digital enterprise arena? 
Andy Bryant: Again, if you're looking at year-over-year trends, we've seen stronger growth in mobile than we have in the digital enterprise. So I would tend to look at my last few quarters of year-over-year and assume it's similar to what you've seen there. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Our final question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. Andy, I wonder if you could expand a little bit on some of the unit cost comments that you made. I think you were implying that the new products in the second half would have smaller die size. Maybe you could talk on that with respect to products that are going to come in at similar price points on a price point per price point basis, are you going to enjoy a smaller die size? 
Andy Bryant: The answer is yes. What I'm trying to get to show for you next week at the analysts' meeting would be to show you the dual-core costs. Typical we only show average microprocessor and I'm trying to get a chart that will show you the dual core so you can actually see how the new products come in and how it changes the costs of those products at the high end. That is where you'd expect to see most of the benefit probably more in the fourth quarter than the third quarter and certainly next year. But again, I'll try to give you that next week. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Just finally, with respect to Vista coming out at the beginning of 2007, given your revenue guidance for the second half of the year, it seems like you guys are not dialing any impact of that. I guess it's anybody's question what the consumer actually does, but safe to say that's your assumption at this point? 
Paul Otellini: Well, that is our assumption. That's been the history. If you look at normal seasonality the last five years, it did not include an operating system release. That's where we're modeling on that same kind of seasonality. When you go back to the XP release, which was a late Q3 early Q4 release, you saw a bit of a gyration because it impacted enterprise as well as consumer. Right now, we don't see that there will be any kind of material impact in the fourth quarter. But boy that's a long way off to call. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Thanks. 
Doug Lusk: Okay. We'd like to thank everyone for listening for today's call. A recorded playback of this call will be available at approximately 5 p.m. Pacific time tonight. Those interested should dial 1-888-286-8010 and reference pass code 34883847. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-18 02:45:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives:: Doug Lusk, Director of Investor Relations  Paul Otellini, Chief Executive Officer  Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:: Tim Luke, Lehman Brothers  Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities  Glen Yeung, Citigroup Investment Research  Tom Thornhill, UBS  Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein  Ben Lynch, Deutsche Bank  David Wong, AG Edwards  David Wu, Global Crown Capital  Mark Edelstone, Morgan Stanley  Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities  Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch  Hans Mosesmann, Moors & Cabot  Allan Mishan, CIBC World Markets  Jim Covello, Goldman Sachs  Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse First Boston 
Presentation:
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Intel Corporation Fourth Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carlo and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time, all of our participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards of the end of today’s prepared remarks. At this time, if you’d like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing ‘*’ ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone. If at anytime during this call, you require audio assistance, please press, ‘*’ ‘0’ and a conference coordinator will be happy to assist you. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Doug Lusk, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, Sir. 
Doug Lusk, Director of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, and welcome to the Intel fourth quarter earnings conference call. Attending from Intel are CEO, Paul Otellini, and CFO, Andy Bryant.  Before we begin, please bear with me a while I read our Safe Harbor language. The fourth quarter earnings report and this conference call discusses Intel’s business outlook and contains forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements, and all other statements that may be made on this call that are not historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.  Please refer to our press release for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. The specific forward-looking statements cover expectations for product mix and demand, revenue, gross margin, expenses, tax rate, interest and other income, capital spending, depreciation, and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and costs.  These statements do not reflect the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or other business combinations that may be completed after January 16, 2006.  Lastly, during this call we will use non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC and Regulation G. Reconciliations for the most comparable GAAP financial measures are set forth either in our earnings release or on our financials webpage, both of which are on our website intc.com. With that, let me turn it over to Paul. Paul? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Paul Otellini, Chief Executive Officer:
Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Paul. 2005 was a great year punctuated by a difficult December. As Paul discussed unexpected issues with the timing of chipset supply demand in the desktop segment and practicing of logic products resulted in less growth than we usually see in the final weeks of the year. For all of 2005, revenue, gross margin dollars, operating income, and net income each achieved year to year growth rates in the double-digits. Stock repurchases and cash dividends returned over $12 billion to stockholders. Quarterly average shares outstanding were down nearly 5% from a year ago and 11% from the peak in 1998. We delivered not only our third consecutive year of double-digit growth in revenues, which Paul mentioned; but also our fourth year is the fourth consecutive year of progress in gross profit margin. And our tenth year in a row with cash from operations in excess of $8 billion.  Our outlook for 2006 anticipates another year of growth but at a slower rate than the last three years in line with industry forecasts and the overall economy. To prepare for silicon demand in the years beyond 2006 we are substantially increasing research and development and capital spending. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $10.2 billion at the low-end of the range we forecast in the October earnings release, and below the range in the December update. Although revenue grew a little over 2% from the third quarter this is lower than is typical for this period. Compared to the fourth quarter a year ago revenue grew approximately 6%. Revenue for the second half was up 8% over the first half within the range of the last five and ten years and approximately 12% over the second half of 2004.  On a geographic basis the sequential growth in revenue came from the greater Europe region. Asia Pacific was flat with the third quarter at the low-end of historical range, primarily due to some softness in the desktop segment. In the Americas revenue was down almost 4% with most of the decline concentrated in the United States, offset somewhat by growth in Latin America. Year to year growth for the fourth quarter was led by Asia Pacific at 16% and Japan at 11% driven by demand for mobile computing, chipsets, and flash memory. Europe was flat with the fourth quarter a year ago. The year to year decline of 10% for the Americas region is primarily a function of continuing movement of sales from manufacturing to Asia Pacific. For the year overall, Asia Pacific was nearly half the total revenue followed by Europe with 21% of revenue.  Gross margin dollars of 6.3 billion were up 6% from the third quarter when results included a charge $140 million related to a legal settlement and up 17% from a year ago. Gross margin percentage of 61.8% improved 2-points from the third quarter and is up substantially from a year ago. The result was just below the range of the forecast in December due to a lower inventory, lower revenue and inventory evaluations. 61.8% compares to 59.7% in the third quarter which included 1.4 points for the legal charge. As we anticipated in October, gross margin benefited from the qualification of new dual core products as we ramp 65-nanometer. This accounted for the largest part of the improvement from the third quarter. The gains in gross profit were offset somewhat by reducing valuations of logic products due to lower unit costs.  In the year to year comparison gross margin percentage is nearly 6-points higher than the fourth quarter of 2004. Higher revenues, higher factory utilization, and lower unit costs contributed to better gross profit margins than a year ago. Spending, R&D and MG&A was $3 billion, consistent with our previous forecasts and up 5% from the third quarter. For the year, spending was 28% of revenue approximately the same level as in 2004. The number of employees rose during the quarter to 100,000 at the end of December, up from 85,000 a year ago.  Before looking at non-operating income I will highlight results for Intel's largest operating segment. A little less than two-thirds of the total revenue came from digital enterprise group which was flat with the third quarter and down 5% from a year ago. Operating profit for the digital enterprise group was up 13% sequentially and flat from a year ago. Revenue at Intel's mobility group accounted for nearly one fourth of total revenue. Revenue from mobile microprocessors was up 3% from the third quarter and 40% from a year ago. With the success of mobile platforms, revenue from mobile chipsets and other products was up 66% year to year. The mobility group also made progress in operating profit, up 8% from the third quarter and 63% from a year ago.  Our flash memory business revenue was up 5% from the third quarter although flat from 2004 overall. For the entire year flash revenue was flat with 2004. With the formation of IM flash technologies, a joint venture with Micron, we will report flash memory revenue and operating profit as part of a new operating segment.  Now to non-operating items. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 29.1%. Intel's third quarter tax rate of 38.5% included accrual of tax expense of approximately $250 million related to the repatriation of accumulated income earned abroad. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.40. This is well above $0.32 in the third quarter which included a charge related to the legal settlement and a charge related to repatriation of foreign earnings which together lowered earnings per share by approximately $0.06. On the balance sheet inventories of $3.1 billion were up over $300 million from the third quarter. As anticipated in October, we built inventories with the production of more 65-nanometer processors.  Total cash investments comprised of cash, short-term investments, and fixed income trading assets ended the quarter at $12.4 billion, a decrease of 1.2 billion from the third quarter after stock repurchases of $3.1 billion, capital spending of 1.4 billion, and dividend payments of nearly 500 million. Long-term debt grew to $2.1 billion, up from 432 million, following the issuance of $1.6 billion in convertible securities.  As we turn now to the outlook for the first quarter please keep in mind that the forecast data do not include the effects of any new acquisitions, divestitures, or similar transactions that may completed after January 16. I will use a mid point of forecast ranges when making comparisons to specific periods.  We are planning for revenue in the first quarter to be between 9.1 and $9.7 billion. The midpoint of this range would mean a sequential decline of 8%, although this is within a wide historical range for the period, it is less than the typical seasonal growth. This is flat compared to the first quarter of 2005 which included 14 weeks instead of 13. It also incorporates what we believe will be the impact of an inventory build at our customers in the fourth quarter. Our expectation for gross margin percentage in the first quarter is 59% plus or minus a couple of points. This includes share-based compensation expenses, a non-cash charge which we will begin recognizing in the first quarter. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin, the forecast for gross margin percentage is 60% plus or minus a couple of points. This is down two points from the fourth quarter due primarily to start up costs for IM Flash technologies, the NAND memory joint venture, lower revenues, and inventory valuations.  Spending, R&D plus MG&A should be approximately $3.3 billion, higher than the fourth quarter due to the impact of share-based compensation expense. The forecast includes approximately $300 million of share-based compensation, a non-cash expense. Without the impact of these charges spending should be about $3 billion, flat with the fourth quarter. Depreciation should be $1.1 billion plus or minus $100 million. We expect amortization of acquisition related intangibles for the first quarter to be approximately $20 million. Our estimate for gains and losses from equity investments and interest and other income is a net gain of $140 million.  Looking ahead to the full year we are planning for revenue growth of 6 to 9% led by mobile computing and emerging markets. The pace of year to year growth and our plan is slower than in recent years tempered somewhat by the outlook for the worldwide economy. We expect gross margin percentage to be 57% plus or minus a few points. Without share-based compensation of approximately 1 point of margin the forecast is 58% plus or miles a few points. This is down more than 1 point from gross margin in 2005. Lower start up costs for logic products will help lift margin from 2005 levels, but this will be more than offset by slightly higher unit costs and slightly lower average selling prices for microprocessors and start up costs for the NAND memory joint venture.  At the same time we are ramping the 65-nanometer process technology, we are also moving ahead with a transition to even smaller geometries and increasing our investments in manufacturing technology and capacity. We are targeting overall capital spending at $6.9 billion plus or minus 200 million, an increase of 19% over 5.8 billion in 2005. Most of the projected increase will be spent on construction and long lead purchases to support 45-nanometer capacity requirements. With plan to invest in a construction of two 300 millimeter, 45-nanometer factories in Arizona and Israel both announced last year. We believe the capacity will help maintain Intel leadership in providing silicon to a growing, global market and the technology will be an advantage that enables us to deliver better products at competitive unit costs.  For research and development in 2006, we plan to spend approximately $6.5 billion, an increase from the $5.1 billion we spent in 2005. The forecast includes share-based compensation of approximately $500 million, a non-cash expense. R&D spending excluding share-based expenses would grow to $6 billion. Most of the increase in the budget will be directed to product development and validation for platform products. As is the case almost every year this is the highest level of R&D spending in Intel's history.  Total spending for the year including not only R&D but marketing and G&A is forecast at 13.1 billion. This includes the impact of share-based compensation of $1.1 billion. Excluding this impact total spending is forecast at 12 billion which is $1.2 billion or 11% higher than 2005. This spending growth exceeds projected revenue growth for the year and deviates from what remains our long-term goal of keeping one in line with the other. Excluding projected spending in IM flash the year to year growth will be 9%. The largest dollar and percentage increase is in R&D for resources to deliver new platforms for new markets. Depreciation for the year is forecast at $4.7 billion plus or minus $100 million, up from $4.3 billion in 2005. The estimated tax rate for 2006 is 32%.  In summary, 2005 was a good year and the Company is in excellent financial condition. We are planning for another year of growth and are optimistic that our competitive position will improve as we see the fruits of investments in new products and new manufacturing capabilities. In any year while the economy may fluctuate we can be certain that the pace of technical innovation will not stop. Our investments are a statement of confidence in the future of innovation. With that let me turn it over to Doug for Q&A. 
Doug Lusk, Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. We will now open the call for Q&A. We will attempt to take questions from as many participants as possible. To help in this process we ask that you please limit yourselves to only one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Thank you. Operator? 
Questions and Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Tim Luke: Thank you. Andy, I was wondering if you could frame the extent of the inventory build that you described in the fourth quarter in guiding us somewhat lower than seasonal first quarter off a somewhat lower than expected fourth quarter. Thank you. 
A - Andy Bryant: Sure, the easiest way to frame that is really to look at the Q1 outlook. The Q1 revenue outlook calls for the midpoint to be down approximately 8%. If that we were having, and I know seasonals a wide range, but if we were having a seasonal first quarter it would have been down approximately 5%. The difference 3 percentage points is roughly equal to what we think the inventory is on hand at our customers that needs to be worked off. 
Q - Tim Luke: I was also wondering, Andy, if you could just give some more color on the gross margin outlook going forward in terms of suggesting that there were lower start up costs but I think you said offset by the higher unit costs and lower ASPs. If you could give some color on those issues that would be helpful. 
A - Andy Bryant: Sure. I will do what I can. I can't give you too much detail on that. As we all remember throughout 2005 we had the start up costs on the 65-nanometer and the fact that process was going into several factories which depressed gross margin percentage. We will see positive or an uplift in margin in '06 because we no longer have those expenses. On the other hand we did enter into the IM flash joint venture which will begin NAND memory production in several factories this year. It is not quite as expensive as doing our start up in our logic factories; but it is similar in nature and the way the contract with the joint venture is structured those costs come directly into our P&L. So you can almost think that those two will offset each other. In the meantime, I do expect unit costs to go up slightly. To give you a simple indication, if our revenue growth for the year hits out mid point of 7.5% you can look at my depreciation cost is going to go up more in terms of 8 to 9%. So I am going to take a little cost pressure there. Headcount generally in the factories relate to the capital expense so I will take probably a little bit of cost pressure there. Right now materials going into finished products has been tight for the last year or so, a little bit of cost pressure there. So what you are seeing is no big change other than a little bit of pressure in each cost element. Same thing if you look at average selling prices. Remember I'm talking about a year-over-year, what we saw in the fourth quarter was average selling prices step down a little. If you just take that number and compare it, blow it through that entire next year you are going to see average selling prices a little bit lower year to year. So there are no big, wow, there's a huge change coming type numbers in here, there are a series of small events that are going to tend to put margin pressure down a point on a year to year comparison if you exclude share-based costs. If you don't it will be down 2-points. 
Q - Tim Luke: Thanks. 
Operator: And, sir, our next question is from the line of Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda: Andy, I had a question on, you talked about the fact that demand for low-end desktops was below expectations and that impacted your growth. But your mobile segment growth was also what I would say is subpar given how well that segment has grown in recent quarters. Could you talk about what's happening there and is there a share loss issue, was there a slow down within the notebook market that you didn't allude to earlier in your comments? 
A - Andy Bryant: Well, we thought the mobile business did pretty well in the fourth quarter as expected so I don't know where you got information. We had certainly record shipments in that space. If you look at what we thought was quote, the shortfall in revenue from the mid quarter update, I'd say maybe a little bit in mobile but it's really not much change. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda: I guess my point was that you reported 3% growth whereas seasonality would have dictated better growth within your mobile segment? 
A - Andy Bryant: A little bit. Recognize that some of the growth went into the lower end value stuff which maybe was what contributed a small amount of our pricing stuff. But in reality mobile did fine. I would not be talking about a revenue shortfall if we were dealing in the mobile business exclusively. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda: The other question I had was, this seems to be the second straight quarter where your OEM base has built some level of inventory, the 100 million the prior quarter and this quarter you are implying roughly 300 million. Could you talk about why, I mean, is that just, first of all, relegated to your OEM customer base and are you seeing a similar build in the channel and if not why not? 
A - Andy Bryant: Well, it isn't the OEM and the multinationals. If you go, study your balance sheet carefully you can actually figure out what our inventory is in the channel; it was down in the fourth quarter and channel sales out were at a record. The other thing I want to correct is there wasn't a $300 million inventory build in the fourth quarter; there is a total of between, say 250 and $300 million excess inventory in the customers hands today. They would also have billed in the first quarter. So you have got to add the two together to get to the total effect. In general what I would suspect is you are seeing some after effect of the constraints we've been in and the customer is trying to match chipsets and the timing of when chipsets are coming from third party suppliers and our products, it's a fairly complex equation and you certainly wouldn't want to be caught short if you had the chipsets and the motherboards available. I don't think it's anything other than that at this time. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda: One final question. I mean when can we start to see a better match between the revenue growth and your cost structure? It seems to be a little out of whack right now. 
A - Andy Bryant: Well, I actually think we improved margins in '05 and that was revenue growth exceeding the cost structure. I do believe it will turn a little bit the other way this year. It really is a factor of if we can drive revenue I can hold cost, I can leverage my fixed cost base pretty well. If revenue can't be driven then I have got to address costs, but certainly not something you do in the short-term and not something you do today facing what should be a high single-digit revenue growth. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And sir, our next question is from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup Investment Research. 
Q - Glen Yeung: Andy, when we look at your forecast for revenues for 2006 at 6 to 9% growth. Can you give us a sense as to what you think underlying PC growth is when you come up with that number? 
A - Andy Bryant: Sure. What we are guessing for underlying PC growth is somewhere in the high single digits, low double-digits, so 9, 10, 11%, somewhere in that range. Mostly we've seen that from external forecasts as we've had conversation with customers. We've looked at macro economic data. It's kind of what we have settled on as a good target. 
Q - Glen Yeung: You made the comment in your prepared remarks that with some of the new products that you are introducing in 2006; I think the words you used were that you could gain share. I just want to get a sense of if that's exactly what you mean, you think you will be up higher market share in 2006 or maybe just slow the rate of loss? 
A - Paul Otellini: Let me take that one. What I said was I thought we would be able to be in a position to retake share over the course of 2006. 
Q - Glen Yeung: I'm not quite sure I understand that. So, I'm sorry--. 
A - Paul Otellini: Net gain. 
Q - Glen Yeung: Gain. Thank you. Just to be absolutely clear. If I could just ask one more quick question on expenditures. You were seeing a big CapEx number, a big R&D number. I get the sense that there seems to be some acceleration here of hitting the 45-nanometer manufacturing node. I want to get a sense as to whether or not that's an accurate read and whether or not you think that's technologically achievable? 
A - Andy Bryant: I don't really think acceleration. I think we are still on our two-year cadence. It turns out if you are on a two-year cadence towards the end of this year you need to start spending a fair amount of money to get the equipment in place and get started. 
Q - Glen Yeung: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: And sir, our next question is from the line of Tom Thornhill with UBS. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Paul, it feels like you've accelerated several programs and some spending in order to strengthen a competitive position. We'll bear the brunt of that through the first half. When do you really feel that that will pay off and get the Company back into the operating ratios that we've seen over the last year or so? 
A - Paul Otellini: Well, the acceleration, the spending acceleration really is focused on the deployment plans for 45-nanometers and from our perspective is not an acceleration; it's the deployment that we've been planning for some time as Andy indicated in the two-year cycle. I don't see that as being an acceleration. Spending is a bit higher in R&D and we believe that we need to do that to be able to deploy fully on the platform plans that we have in store for '06 and '07. We launched two new platforms in January and we will be launching another one kind of in mid year for the business client. Those are more complex developments, more comprehensive developments than we've had before. In terms of operating ratios it really all hinges on the revenue. I think that part what have you are hearing from us is that as the fourth quarter ended up being lower than we thought and the first quarter is more than seasonally down as a result of the inventory that Andy discussed, we are starting out in a bit more of a hole for '06 than we first had thought. And we hope to be able to capitalize on any revenue opportunities and a lot of it's going to depend on the product health and the competitiveness of those products in terms of whether we can gain share and how much share we will gain. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Would it be your opinion that the ratios that we are going to see here in the near term are a temporary phenomenon? That as the new products come to market and if you get the share gains you anticipate getting that the Company gets back into the operating model that it had in terms of…… 
A - Paul Otellini: Yes. In terms of spending versus revenue growth absolutely. Andy implied that we are a little bit backwards here as we enter '06 because of momentum we had going out of '05 in terms of hiring and stuff, and we had already built a plan, a conservative spending plan into '06 and now there's a little less revenue around that plan than we at first thought. And so as the revenue picks up you will see us get the spending growth versus revenue growth back in line. You have our commitment to continue to focus on growing revenue faster than spending. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Okay, that would apply to gross margin as well? 
A - Paul Otellini: Well, gross margin is a slightly different question. I mean, that one view there is to grow gross margin dollars and not necessarily focus on the percent as we've talked about before. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: All right. One last one for Andy. What would you expect the direction in share count to be across the '06 year? 
A - Andy Bryant: In theory I'm not supposed to answer prospective buyback questions, but it should be lower across the year. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Similar to '05? 
A - Andy Bryant: I can't go that specific. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Adam Parker with Sanford Bernstein. 
Q - Adam Parker: Hi. I just want to say thanks for canceling the mid quarter updates. I think that's positive. Now, in terms of the longer term issues you want to talk about, I just want to talk about 2007 if we can for a minute. Can you talk at all about your gross margins as we look out a couple of years in terms of 45-nanometer start ups, depreciation looks like it will rise and how should we think about your operating expenses there as well? And also it doesn't look like you can continue to buy back stock at the current rate for more than a couple of years. So what would your strategy be as you run out of cash there? 
A - Andy Bryant: It's going to be tough for me to make a gross margin percentage prediction for '07. We do focus on capital efficiency. We do plan to try to do the best we can with that. As Paul said we do try for positive return on invested capital and absolute dollar margins. It really the big factor will turn out to be end demand; if we have decent end demand and full factories costs will be fine. If we don't we will struggle. As far as the cash, you are absolutely right. If you look at this year, we've been pulling about $1 billion a quarter out of cash. We will meet with our Board again in the first quarter and set a cash target with them and then we will use, the way we do the work internally, is we say what projects do we have to fund, what dividend can we sustain for a long period of time, and then we use buybacks to try to get the cash to the level we think it should be. So there's a point at which time the buyback will diminish as we come more in line with the cash targets that we have. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Okay. No comments on 45 costs or depreciation, '07 versus '06 yet? 
A - Andy Bryant: No, it's too early. Even though in reality I wouldn't give you that type of data for a year. I think we will start to see meaningful data in the first half of the year. We will provide your cost of unit forecast in the spring analyst meeting so will you start to get a sense for where we think we are headed. I really think I need to wait on that one. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Okay. Just one more short-term question then instead of long-term. I am kind of thick on this one here but I don't understand how your inventory builds internally, whatever it is, 10%, your big OEMs build inventory, yet there's a chipset shortage that lowered your revenue. Can you explain that? And then just, are you comfortable with inventory levels now or should we expect a further build here in Q1 and Q2? 
A - Andy Bryant: I would expect, let's see, the simple question is I expect to further build in Q1. Let me talk about Q2 as we see what revenue looks like in Q2. But I do expect a further build in Q1. We were building obviously for a higher Q4 and a higher Q1. As a result, pending a three-month throughput time, I'll collect some more inventory. The levels I'm at today don't disturb me in the slightest. I could use more chipset, finished goods inventory. I still need to get a little more inventory in my 65-nanometer processor lines. I still have to make a transition between the 90 and 65. So today's inventory levels I'm very comfortable with. My guess is I will build some in the first quarter. My second guess is I will try to get those down some through the rest of the year. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: In terms of this explaining about what happened, I mean, the chipset shortage, how do you build so much inventory internally and externally yet not yet have lower, yet not meet demand? Is it all nonprocessor? 
A - Andy Bryant: The simple answer is we anticipated third party chipsets coming into the marketplace quicker than they did, which meant we could have married up processors to motherboards to chipsets and we all could have had a little less inventory. So the chipset imbalance we think got us hopefully one last time. 
Q - Tom Thornhill: Do you think that will be okay? Got you. Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Ben Lynch with Deutsche Bank. 
Q - Ben Lynch: Hi, guys, Paul, maybe I will just give you one first. I know you like to be precise. You said you believe Intel will be in a position to retake share during the course of '06. Is this the same thing as saying taking share or just be in a position to take share? 
A - Andy Bryant: He's saying are you going to actually take it.. 
A - Paul Otellini: Oh, we plan to. 
Q - Ben Lynch: You plan to. Is this more sort of second half and do you think that along with--? 
A - Paul Otellini: If you look at '05 we took share, we gained share in the first half of the year and we lost a little bit in the second half of the year. And I think our product portfolio particularly in mobile and desktop as we shift aggressively to dual core only gets stronger and then we have two server platforms launching in 2006. One is the Bentley platform which will ship this quarter for our customer shipments in Q2 and then we will ship in second generation on 65-nanometers in the second half of next year. So, I believe you will be able to plot the regain of market share or the take back of market share along the dual core ramp of the Company across multiple segments. 
Q - Ben Lynch: Great. And then maybe one, I guess for Andy. Yes, I just want to point out that the bubble bursting, what you've guided to is the worse 1Q over 4Q following the worst 4Q over 3Q of the past decade and it sort of seems like most of this is coming down to inventory. It's strange that after some inventory build in Q3 there was an even greater magnitude in Q4. Unless you are basically telling us that end demand was a lot worse or else your specific customers were losing share or else they have been building inventory principally of Intel processors. 
A - Andy Bryant: We don't think end demand was a lot worse. We do believe there was some disconnect between our processors getting connected to chipsets and motherboards which caused a bit of the problem. We do believe end demand and flow in desktop was lower than you seasonally would expect so there is a little bit of demands there. We do believe, we haven't seen the AMD numbers yet but we believe we lost up to 1 point of market share to AMD through these things. So it all triangulates but that, I realize it doesn't leave you with a great feeling of comfort. I understand that. 
Q - Ben Lynch: Okay. We will see what AMD says. We will see how Q1 goes for you. Thank you. 
Operator: And sir, our next question is from the line of David Wong with A.G. Edwards. 
Q - David Wong: Thank you very much. You may have touched on this already. But I don't really understand the pattern of your costs especially depreciation of margin through the year because you are starting 59%, gross margin of 59% in the March quarter but you end presumably even with some seasonality of revenue with a lower gross margin for the full year. So would you expect gross margin to continuously drop through the year? Or what's the shape of the pattern? Similarly your depreciation is 1 billion in the first quarter and you end up with 4.7 billion in the full year, which suggested a ramp of 20 to 30% in depreciation as you cross the quarter. Is there some big event that cuts in a lot of depreciation partway through the year? 
A - Andy Bryant: Depreciation in the earnings release said 1 billion for this quarter, it's actually 1.1 billion. That's a typo in the earning release. So starting at 1.1 billion, it grows, for the year comes in at 4.7. So you do see some depreciation growth. What you see through the year is some cost growth. You see normal ASP struggles. It says margins actually, I don't want to give a quarter by quarter margins. It's also going to be a factor of how full are the factories in the second and third quarter, and the fourth quarter. There are a lot of working variables here. Let's just leave it at full year, 59% plus or minus and first quarter, 60% plus or minus a couple. 
Q - David Wong: Right. Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Capital. 
Q - David Wu: Yes, two quick questions, please. The first thing is on capital spending. Is that the joint venture on NAND, is your portion of the joint venture's capital spending included in that $6.7 billion guidance for calendar '06? 
A - Andy Bryant: The midpoint of the guidance was 6.9 billion and it does not include the memory joint venture. The consolidated company of that joint venture is Micron and they will report their capital spending. 
Q - David Wu: Oh! I see. Okay, so it's basically all logic and I assume more equipment than buildings? 
A - Andy Bryant: Actually there's a pretty heavy construction load in this one with the two fabs we are getting started and some office buildings that we started around the world. 
Q - David Wu: Okay. The other thing is, help me one more time on this fourth quarter thing, because you said there was some low-end market slowing particularly in the Asia Pacific. Where did the demand go to? Did it go to notebooks or did it go to competition? Or basically disappeared to things like PDAs or iPods, things of that like? 
A - Andy Bryant: In reality we don't believe it quote, went any place except the consumers kept more money in their pockets. The ones who were in Asia would buy the lower end desktop PCs. Maybe went to a PDA and we are able to finally track the data. Mobile laptops seemed to sell kind of normally. Servers seemed to sell kind of normally. What we really believe is in Asia and the low-end of the desktop there were just less computers bought by people who wanted to use them. 
Q - David Wu: I see. Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. 
Q - Mark Edelstone: Thanks, guys. A couple of clarifications. One, in the press release, Andy, you talked about average selling prices down slightly. Can we define that as 2 or 3% in the processor business? 
A - Andy Bryant: I can't define it for you but 2, 3% is a slight number. 
Q - Mark Edelstone: And then on the chipset business, are the constraints still in force today or have those eased up now? 
A - Andy Bryant: We believe the supply metric demand today in total, we still believe there is a little bit of time it will take for everything to get rematched, resorted, and returned to what I would call normal operations. But there is enough supply today. 
Q - Mark Edelstone: That is a change from what you were seeing midway through the fourth quarter, correct? 
A - Andy Bryant: Yes 
Q - Mark Edelstone: Then, just lastly, from an accounting point of view on IMFT, I guess, I was surprised by your last comments that the 1.2 billion of capital spending that Intel is going to contribute to the joint venture does not show up in your CapEx numbers. Is my understanding correct that you are consolidating the revenues and expenses? If that's true, how come the capital expenses and other items there, do not get included in your CapEx numbers? 
A - Andy Bryant: We are not the consolidating company. Micron is the Company that consolidates the JV. So what we do is we take our portion of the JV into the other income line, they report the capital as a result. The reason that hits my start-up costs this year is, there is an agreement between us that are start up costs for the JV are charged directly back to the two parents as opposed to kept inside the JV. So what you will see is that Micron is the consolidating company. They will report their revenues and the cost inside their P&L. They will report the capital expense. What we will take is a capital charge, not a capital expense as we contribute cash or assets into the JV. 
Q - Mark Edelstone: But the revenues from that JV will not flow to your revenue line? 
A - Andy Bryant: I am going to give you a sense. But, we will purchase product from the manufacturing joint venture, IM flash technologies. What we then resell will be revenue for us. So my costs will come across as well with that and I will have a normal margin. The business itself will be consolidated at Micron. So each company will have its own revenues for the product itself. Each company will have the appropriate cost of sales. If there's profit or loss left in the JV, it will be in Micron's income statement at the operating line. It will be at ours in the other income line. 
Q - Mark Edelstone: Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: And sir, our next question is from the line of Rohit Pandey with HSBC Securities. 
Q - Rohit Pandey: Thank you. A quick one on the ASPs. A quick look at the ABC data shows that the desktops are about 25% more expensive in the mature markets compared to the emerging markets and servers about 10%. Whereas notebooks are 15% more expensive in the emerging markets. So do you think as the notebook penetration increases, your ASP this year would actually go down more than slightly as the product might shift to more of the value product there? 
A - Paul Otellini: No, actually I don't, not in mobile. I think that a lot of that difference in markets that you are seeing, market pricing you are seeing is that notebooks principally are sold by branded multinational firms or very large firms and a third of the desktops in the world are sold by white boxes and in the emerging markets many of those are shipped without software. And that accounts for the bulk of that difference, differential pricing you talked about. 
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. And then I have a quick one on the new positioning of the Company. Intel Inside was very clear to the consumer as to where the Company is positioned. What are you trying to position with Leap Ahead? And then I have a follow-up, or a quick one for Andy. 
A - Paul Otellini: Well, Leap Ahead won't be part of our branding program or merchandising program at the ingredient brand level. That's the tag line much like the Nike, just go do it tag line, it's much more of a corporate identifier. The Intel Inside program will take advantage of the existing nomenclature. The logo has changed because we felt that the word inside, inside a swirl was redundant. Since it's already been ingrained in 1 billion peoples psyche and this is a little bit more elegant cosmetic treatment of that. But the program in its essence is still at the computer point-of-sale level an ingredient sale. 
Q - Rohit Pandey: And for Andy could you clarify in the die bank inventory is valued differently for the tax and the GAAP purposes? 
A - Andy Bryant: Which inventory? 
Q - Rohit Pandey: The die bank. 
A - Andy Bryant: No, the die bank, first of all, all inventory is valued, I'm sorry, you are going to get into a level of detail that normal people never want to get to. The value of the inventory is the same in both cases. In income statement GAAP books if you have a reserve that would lower the expected tax that you are going to pay because you have, you don't, you take a write off for that cost. In your tax books reserves don't count, so the difference between tax and GAAP isn't in terms of the value of the inventory it is in terms of how the reserve is treated between the two different sets of books. 
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: And, sir, our next question is from the line of Joseph Osha with Merrill Lynch. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Thanks. Listen, Andy, just looking at how the JV works, for starters, can I assume that the JV itself, not your reseller margin, but the JV itself is going to be run with an eye towards having it be break even and then the margin is earned on the resale activity by you and Micron, is that the idea? 
A - Andy Bryant: That is the intent is to have it be a manufacturing JV at approximately break even if it can. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Second question, then, can you maybe give me a little help in terms of understanding the magnitude of the revenue resale that is built into your target as well as some kind of sense as to what kind of start up costs that you are taking and whether those continue through 2007? 
A - Andy Bryant: Some but not a lot. In 2006 there is not a lot of revenue to be honest. I won't tell you a specific number but it's a pretty small number. There is some. More importantly is the cost in the spending side. You got a sense for the spending when we said spending growth is 11% without the JV, 9% with the JV . So you can get a sense for how much we are putting into the R&D line for the business. In terms of start up costs, don't want to get too specific but it is notable in the year to year reconciliation. Not quite as big as what we saw for the logic business last year. But in that magnitude, so…. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Well, let's just put it another way, then, on an apples-to-apples basis without this would gross margins be flat? 
A - Andy Bryant: Gross margins would be discussed as flat. I don't want to give you a precise rounding to decimal points. But it's enough to cause the round to be different. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Okay. Last question and then I'll go away. Paul, it seems to me like the repositioning of, let me rephrase the question. It seems to me like you've top Core Duo, which was kind of initially a dual core notebook part and you are aiming it now at the desktop market as well with the Core Duo branding and with the Apple announcement. Is that true or am I off base there? 
A - Paul Otellini: It's partially true and I think it gets increasingly true over the course of the year, Joe. Our view for sometime has been that performance per watt matters as much in the desktop particularly consumer desktops and in servers as anywhere else. And so you saw the first part of that with the Viiv announcement where the number of the Viiv living room PCs were built around Core Duo, particularly the small stainless ones. You also saw that last week with the iMac. I think that you will continue to see more and more momentum towards low profile, small form factor designs consuming much more, utilizing much more energy-efficient processors. That is particularly true when we get to mid year and start in Q3 start shipping Conro which is the new desktop product that comes off of the same power efficient course. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Okay. I'm sorry, does this margin target that you've given perhaps incorporate extra special aggressive pricing year in the desktop market as you look at 2006 and what your competitor has done. Do you have maybe a little lower pricing umbrella built in? That's it. Thank you. 
A - Paul Otellini: Well, it's sufficient for us to be able to do what we suggested which is to regain share. 
Q - Joseph Osha: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Moors & Cabot. 
Q - Hans Mosesmann: Thanks. Is there any change to the ramp of 65-nanometer as a result of this inventory situation? 
A - Andy Bryant: No, no change at all to the ramp to 65-nanometer. We actually are watching wafer starts closely. We haven't changed anything. If we did by the way, it wouldn't be in 65-nanometer. It would be in the clearing out 90-nanometer quicker so you can make the chipset transition more quickly. 
Q - Hans Mosesmann: So 90-nanometer goes away more quickly, is that--? 
A - Andy Bryant: No, nothing has changed yet. I said if we saw a weakness that we wanted to respond to that's how we would respond. As of now we have not changed our low returning factories. 
Q - Hans Mosesmann: Okay. One last question. 
A - Paul Otellini: Just to be clear, 90-nanometer doesn't go away. We will use that technology to build chipsets and we'll be converting our chipsets from the old 8-inch network to the 12-inch 90-nanometer network over the course of 2006. 
Q - Hans Mosesmann: Okay. I see. What is the ASP assumption for Q1 for processors? 
A - Andy Bryant: I don't make ASP forecasts. So I won't give you that one. But you can see essentially we see gross margin percentages down mostly because of the business, somewhat because of IM flash start up costs. 
Q - Hans Mosesmann: Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, our next question is from the line of Allan Mishan with CIBC World Markets. 
Q - Allan Mishan: Hey, guys. A quick question. If I look at your quarterly revenue guidance and your annual revenue guidance, you either have to have a much better than seasonal second quarter or you have to have kind of a huge second half. Can you help handicap those two for me? 
A - Andy Bryant: Certainly, what we believe is as we get past the first quarter it will get progressively better and stronger. We think the roadmap gets progressively better and stronger. We think the inventory will be worked out. So I don't want to handicap between Q2, Q3, and Q4 but certainly we believe the strength builds through the year. 
Q - Allan Mishan: Okay. That's helpful. And can you also help us understand the thinking behind the convert? If you are buying back so much stock, I guess, in hopes of reducing dilution and you are such a big company with a great credit rating why wouldn't you just do straight debt? Why would you dilute shareholders in that manner? 
A - Andy Bryant: We don't believe that when we finish with the convert and the actions as a result of the convert there will be dilution of the shareholders. We did the convert because we think there's a positive return to the Company that's ours; and we are using the funds for basically general purpose to run the Company. Also don't, we are walk around with the assumption that says the reason we buy stock is to offset dilution of our stock options as some have said. We are really doing it as a balancing act to getting cash back to the shareholders. 
Q - Allan Mishan: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful. 
A - Paul Otellini: Operator, we will take two more questions, please. 
Operator: Yes sir. Our next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
Q - Jim Covello: Thanks so much. First, quick question on the Apple Business. How much is that going to help Q1 relative to Q4? 
A - Andy Bryant: Some, but the customers are pretty sensitive about us providing their cost of sales data to the market so I really don't want to do anything other than say they will by more in Q1 than they bought in Q4. 
Q - Jim Covello: Second, on the CapEx. Can you help us understand from a wafer-fab equipment perspective, you said overall CapEx is up 18%. Do you think the equipment portion of that is up 10, up 15, up 5, flat? 
A - Andy Bryant: I will give a better break out at the analyst meeting. Again, there is a heavy increase in construction of this piece. There will still be increases in the equipment business as well. 
Q - Jim Covello: There may be, I hate to try and pin you down but maybe 5 to 10 is a decent number? 
A - Andy Bryant: I am not going to let you pin me down today. I will give you a lot better detail in April when we are out there. 
Q - Jim Covello: Final question probably. Andy, at the Analyst Summit in Oregon, you talked about the risks of underage or overage relative, the capacity relative to demand and you talked about how even a little bit of overage can have a pretty significant impact on gross margins. With the demand doing what it did at the end of the fourth quarter and with you guys already ramping two new fabs given the CapEx from '05. Do you think the risk has been raised for overage a little bit in 2006? 
A - Andy Bryant: If you asked me I would say ever so slightly it's something I'm watching with a lot more interest than I was a quarter ago. It really comes down to does the worldwide economy hold up? Do we get through an inventory hiccup here? And as Paul says we gain share, the worldwide market grows as we think will be okay. If there's extended softness it will hit margins. 
Q - Jim Covello: I guess maybe one quick follow-up to that. When you have seen inventory start to build and/or demand start to soften up a little bit. Is it normal, that it would turn around as quickly as a quarter? 
A - Andy Bryant: It's not abnormal. It depends on the underlying strength of the business. In this case I think it can turn around inside the quarter. We haven't seen information out there that would cause us to say this is going to linger for the first half of the year. It doesn't mean I would build a little more inventory than I would like. So I will have to get my inventories fixed over the next couple of quarters. 
Q - Jim Covello: Thanks very much. 
Operator: And sir, we have a question from the line of Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse First Boston. 
Q - Michael Masdea: Great. Thanks a lot. When you guys talk about gaining share in Q2 through Q4, sometime in that time frame, it sounds like Paul is maybe saying that dual core is the main driver. Paul, is that more from a cost structure perspective, the power side? Or what do you feel like your true advantage is over the competitor, the dual core out there? 
A - Paul Otellini: Well, we are on a technology generation conversion well ahead of them. That gives us a cost advantage, a performance advantage, a die size advantage, and an overall power envelope advantage. That clearly has clear merits in notebooks, and clear merits in blade servers where people don't have to retool their data centers, and I think that will have clearer merits in consumer PCs over time as a result of the form factor discussion. In addition we are launching our first platform brand for enterprise focused on manageability and that will come out in the second half of the year; at the same time as IT shops will be looking at Vista ready purchases. So I think that overall we have a pretty compelling list of attributes to bring to market in '06. 
Q - Michael Masdea: Okay. Great. And then, I guess on the memory side. I've seen you kind of take a variety of strategies, you fund other companies that do development, you do JVs now and you also have your NOR piece internally. Longer term is memory a piece that you are going to continue to treat multiple ways? Or is it something you want to get off your own books going forward? Or how do you think about memory longer time? 
A - Paul Otellini: Putting a lot more on, effectively our books with the NAND joint venture. That's a pretty big bet on NAND and we intend to be a number one, number two player over the course of that entities existence. 
Q - Michael Masdea: Is that the structure you are going to favor more going forward is JV rather than, just tell me the whole thing. 
A - Paul Otellini: No, I can't say that. This was a very opportune deal and the partner, the two-parters were melded nicely with the right attributes and time to market capabilities. 
Q - Michael Masdea: Got it. The last question. You made a comment earlier about spending around platforms. Do we need to think about platform spending as an overall higher spend per desktop server, mobile, et cetera and the hope is that, we do with Centrino, just a much bigger revenue pie from that. Is that how you think about it? 
A - Paul Otellini: Yes. I think I explained it in the last analyst meeting in terms of the Centrino model, but it's, in theory it generates a higher ASP for us, a higher build of materials presence for us, faster market expansion for us and our customers, and everybody wins. 
Q - Michael Masdea: Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Doug Lusk, Director, Investor Relations: We would like to thank everyone for listening to today's call. A recorded playback of this call will be available at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time tonight. Those interested should dial 1-888-286-8010 and reference passcode 76055708. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation and you may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
